it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 126Â°F. Corrosive to metals and skin. Used to make various silicon containing compounds. 
it is a cephalosporin carboxylic acid anion having methoxy, 2-thienylacetamido and carbamoyloxymethyl side-groups, formed by proton loss from the carboxy group of the semisynthetic cephamycin antibiotic cefoxitin. It is a conjugate base of a cefoxitin. 
it is a fatty acid derivative that is arachidonic acid in which the OH part of the carboxy group has been replaced by a trifluoromethyl group It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor. It is an organofluorine compound, a ketone, an olefinic compound and a fatty acid derivative. It derives from an arachidonic acid. 
it is a member of the class resorcinols that is 5-(1-hydroxyethyl)benzene-1,3-diol in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 1-(4-hydroxyphenyl)propan-2-amino group. A beta2-adrenergic agonist, it is used (as the hydrobromide salt) as a bronchodilator in the management of reversible airway obstruction. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a sympathomimetic agent, a beta-adrenergic agonist and a tocolytic agent. It is a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and a member of resorcinols. it is a short-acting sympathomimetic agent with bronchodilator activity. it stimulates beta-2-adrenergic receptors in the lungs, thereby activating the enzyme adenylate cyclase that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP concentrations relax bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, and reduce inflammatory cell mediator release, especially from mast cells. 
it is a hydroxyaldehyde that is pentanal carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 4 and 5. It is a deoxypentose, a hydroxyaldehyde and a triol. It derives from a hydride of a pentanal. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Usually shipped with an inhibitor such as tert-butyl catechol added May polymerize if contaminated or subjected to heat. If polymerization takes place inside a closed container, the container may rupture violently. Vapors irritate the mucous membranes. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Used in making plastics, especially as a monomer for polyesters. 
it is a white crystalline solid with slight sulfurous smell. Used as a nematocide, and an insecticide on vegetables, tobacco, cotton, alfalfa, soy beans, and corn. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide substituted by a trifluoromethyl group at position 2 and a [4-methoxy-6-(trifluoromethyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl]carbamoyl group at the nitrogen atom. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a herbicide. It is a sulfonamide, a member of 1,3,5-triazines, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an aromatic ether and a member of ureas. 
it is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a (2-ethoxy-1-naphthoyl)amino group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a semi-synthetic naphthalene and beta-lactam antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it inhibits bacterial wall synthesis by a mechanism of action similar to penicillin. Penicillinase-resistant it is used to treat infections caused by penicillin-resistant strains of Staphylococci. (NCI04) 
it is a cytochalasan alkaloid found in Chaetomium globosum. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group of oxamic acid. It is a conjugate base of an oxamic acid. 
it is a silyl ether that is isopropanol in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a trimethylsilyl group. It derives from a propan-2-ol. 
Magnoshinin is a neolignan that consists of 1,2-dihydronaphthalene substituted by a 2,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl group at position 1 (the 1S,2R stereoisomer), methyl groups at positions 2 and 3, and methoxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 8 repectively. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a metabolite. It is a member of methoxybenzenes, a member of naphthalenes and a neolignan. 
it is a C-C Chemokine Receptor Type 5 (CCR5) antagonist with activity against the human immunodeficiency virus, HIV-1. it is an orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of HIV-1 entry via CCR5 coreceptor interaction. 
it is a steroid alkaloid that is con-5-enine substituted by a N,N-dimethylamino group at position 3. It has been isolated from the plant species of the family Apocynaceae. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antimalarial, a H3-receptor antagonist and a plant metabolite. It is a steroid alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a conanine. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
(mono)-(trichloro)-tetra-(monopotassium dichloro)-penta-s-triazinetrione, dry appears as a white to yellow colored crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. May accelerate the burning of combustible materials. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. 
Pangamic acid, also known as vitamin B15 or pangamate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acid esters. These are ester derivatives of alpha amino acids. Pangamic acid is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, pangamic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, pangamic acid can be found in apricot, cereals and cereal products, fruits, and rice. This makes pangamic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a mixture of isomers. A clear colorless liquid with a banana-like odor. Flash point varies from 65Â° F to 95Â°F. Less dense (at 7.2 lb / gal) than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. it is an acetate ester of pentanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a pentan-1-ol. 
it is a D-aldohexose that is D-glucose in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group at position 6 has been substituted by a methyl group. It derives from an aldehydo-D-glucose. 
it is the arenesulfonic acid that is toluene-2-sulfonic acid bearing a nitro substituent at C-4. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a C-nitro compound. 
Ammonium gluconate is a white solid with a weak odor of ammonia. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a it having D-configuration. It has a role as a chelator and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a D-gluconate. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. it is the carboxylic acid formed by the oxidation of the first carbon of glucose with antiseptic and chelating properties. it, found abundantly in plant, honey and wine, can be prepared by fungal fermentation process commercially. This agent and its derivatives can used in formulation of pharmaceuticals, cosmetics and food products as additive or buffer salts. Aqueous it solution contains cyclic ester glucono delta lactone structure, which chelates metal ions and forms very stable complexes. In alkaline solution, this agent exhibits strong chelating activities towards anions, i.e. calcium, iron, aluminium, copper, and other heavy metals. 
itppears as needles (from aqueous methanol) or fine white powder. An anti-cancer drug. it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid isolated originally from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia. It is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. Note that the use of the former generic name 'it' is now limited, as Taxol is a registered trade mark. It has a role as a microtubule-stabilising agent, a metabolite, a human metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a taxane diterpenoid. It derives from a baccatin III. it is a compound extracted from the Pacific yew tree Taxus brevifolia with antineoplastic activity. it binds to tubulin and inhibits the disassembly of microtubules, thereby resulting in the inhibition of cell division. This agent also induces apoptosis by binding to and blocking the function of the apoptosis inhibitor protein Bcl-2 (B-cell Leukemia 2). (NCI04) 
it is a synthetic derivative of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin with potential antineoplastic activity. it intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. This agent exhibits less cardiotoxicity than the parent antibiotic doxorubicin, but may cause more severe myelosupression compared to other compounds within the anthracycline class. 
PP2 is a member of the class of pyrazolopyrimidine that is pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-4-amine bearing additional tert-butyl and 4-chlorophenyl substituents at positions 1 and 3 respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and a beta-adrenergic antagonist. It is a pyrazolopyrimidine, an aromatic amine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is umbelliferone in which the hydrogen at position 8 has been replaced by a prenyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antifungal agent. It derives from an umbelliferone. 
it, also known as citroflex a or tributyl 2-acetylcitrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetracarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly four carboxyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a very faint, sweet, and herbal taste. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a member of the class of phosphonic acids that is phosphonic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the phosphorous is replaced by a carboxymethyl group. It has a role as an antiviral agent and an EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of phosphonic acids. It derives from a phosphonic acid and an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogen phosphonatoacetate(2-). it is an antiviral agent with activity against herpes simplex viruses and other members of the herpes virus family. it inhibits viral DNA polymerase and inhibits the synthesis of viral DNA. 
it is a beta-D-glucopyranoside having a methyl substituent at the anomeric position. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a methyl D-glucoside. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched unsaturated hydrocarbons. These are hydrocarbons that contains one or more unsaturated carbon atoms, and an aliphatic branch. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cornmint, parsley, and rosemary. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. May be toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. May release toxic vapors when burned. 
it is a short-acting, beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. it selectively binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, thereby activating intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, improve mucociliary clearance and inhibit the release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells. 
it is an aromatic ether which is 2,6-dimethylphenyl ether of 2-aminopropan-1-ol. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is an aromatic ether and a primary amino compound. it is a local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic (Class IB) agent structurally related to lidocaine. it exerts its antiarrhythmic effect by inhibiting the inward sodium current in cardiac cells, thereby reducing the rate of rise of the cardiac action potential (phase 0) and decreases automaticity in the Purkinje fibers. This slows nerve impulses in the heart and stabilizes the heartbeat. it's anesthetic activity is due to its ability to block sodium influx in peripheral nerves, thereby reducing the rate and intensity of pain impulses reaching the central nervous system. 
it, also known as descarbamylnovobiocin or N, n'-ethylenebis(diacetamide), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-substituted carboxylic acid imides. N-substituted carboxylic acid imides are compounds comprising an N-substituted carboxylic acid imide group, with the general structure R1N(C(R2)=O)C(R3)=O (R2, R3=H, alkyl, aryl; R1=Anything but H). it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as elemane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the elemane skeleton. Elemane is a monocyclic compound consisting of a cyclohexane ring substituted with a methyl group, an ethyl group, and two 1-methylethyl groups at the 1-, 1-, 2-, and 4-position, respectively. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a molybdopterin dinucleotide, a thiol and a member of molybdopterins. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a its that is L-histidine bearing a single methyl substituent at the N(alpha)-position. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3, 5 and 8 and prenyl groups at positions 2 and 4. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 
it, also known as fusarin? or mycobacidin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in sweet orange and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Stiripentol is a structurally unique anticonvulsant that has been introduced as adjuvant therapy of Dravet syndrome, a rare form of severe childhood epilepsy. There is limited information on the safety of stiripentol, but it has not been associated with serum aminotransferase elevations or linked to cases of clinically apparent liver injury. 
SKF-96365. free base is an ether that is 2-(1H-imidazol-1-yl)-1-(4-methoxyphenyl)ethanol in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been substituted by a 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)propyl group. It has a role as a TRP channel blocker. It is a member of imidazoles, a monomethoxybenzene and an ether. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor (SNDRI) that is under investigation for the treatment of Binge Eating Disorder, Adult Attention Hyperactivity Disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder. 
it appears as white crystalline solid. Noncombustible but will accelerate the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in a fire or the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Used in chemical analysis and in explosives. it is an inorganic sodium salt comprising equal numbers of sodium and perchlorate ions. It contains a perchlorate. 
A vinca alkaloid related to VINBLASTINE that is used as a first-line treatment for NON-SMALL CELL LUNG CANCER, or for advanced or metastatic BREAST CANCER refractory to treatment with ANTHRACYCLINES. 
it is a sulfonamide that is N-phenylmethanesulfonamide which carries a chloro group at position 2, 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-ylmethoxy group at position 5, and a methyl group at position 6. Its is a selective alpha-adrenoceptor agonist that is used in the treatment of urinary incontinence. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether, a sulfonamide and a member of imidazoles. 
it is a it consisting of bacteriochlorophyll a with two hydrogen atoms replacing the magnesium centre. It is a itnd a methyl ester. 
Chromium Piccolinate is a salt of the trace metallic element chromium (Cr), essential in glucose metabolism. Found in vitamins and mineral supplements, Chromium may be necessary for utilization of dietary sugars and carbohydrates by optimizing the effects of insulin. Animal studies suggest that it may be carcinogenic, it enters cells directly and can causes mutations. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in root vegetables and sweet potato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3, 4 and 5. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of methoxybenzenes. 
it is a member of the class of isoxazoles that is the carbamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 1-(2-chlorophenyl)ethyl hydrogen carbonate with the amino group of 3-({[4-(4-amino-3-methyl-1,2-oxazol-5-yl)phenyl]methyl}sulfanyl)propanoic acid. It is a member of isoxazoles, a carbamate ester, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an organic sulfide and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound isolated from the fruiting bodies of the fungus Phellinus igniarius. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an oxaspiro compound and a delta-lactone. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls that is phenol substituted in the 3-position by chlorine and in the 4-position by a 2,3,4,6-tetrachlorophenyl group. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a tetrachlorobenzene and a member of hydroxybiphenyls. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate of dasatinib. It is used for the treatment of chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia. Note that the name 'dasatinib' is used to refer to the monohydrate (USAN) as well as to anhydrous dasatinib (INN). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It contains a dasatinib (anhydrous). Dasatinib is an orally bioavailable synthetic small molecule-inhibitor of SRC-family protein-tyrosine kinases. Dasatinib binds to and inhibits the growth-promoting activities of these kinases. Apparently because of its less stringent binding affinity for the BCR-ABL kinase, dasatinib has been shown to overcome the resistance to imatinib of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) cells harboring BCR-ABL kinase domain point mutations. SRC-family protein-tyrosine kinases interact with a variety of cell-surface receptors and participate in intracellular signal transduction pathways; tumorigenic forms can occur through altered regulation or expression of the endogenous protein and by way of virally-encoded kinase genes. 
Cupferron appears as light yellow or cream-colored crystals or a brown crystalline solid. As a reagent in the separation of copper and iron. 
An iron chelating agent with properties like EDETIC ACID. DTPA has also been used as a chelator for other metals, such as plutonium. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of carnitine. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-carnitinium. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-carnitine. 
it is a scyllo-inositol phosphate having a monophosphate group at the 4-position as well as the hydroxy group at the 1-position replaced by an amino group. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-ammonio-1-deoxy-scyllo-inositol 4-phosphate(1-). 
it is a sapogenin that is olean-12-en-28-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 23 (the 3beta stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a sapogenin. It derives from an oleanolic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 2-[4-(dimethylamino)phenyl]-3,6-dimethyl-1,3-benzothiazol-3-ium as the counterion. It is widely used to visualise and quantify the presence of amyloids, both in vitro and in vivo. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a it cation. 
(2,4-dichlorophenyl)(phenyl)pyrimidin-5-ylmethanol is a member of the class of pyrimidines that is methanol in which the hydrogens of the methyl group have been replaced by pyrimidin-5-yl, phenyl, and 2,4-dichlorophenyl groups, respectively. It is a member of pyrimidines, a tertiary alcohol, an aromatic alcohol and a dichlorobenzene. 
it, also known as disulfiram or nocceler, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-benzoquinones. These are benzoquinones where the two C=O groups are attached at the 1- and 4-positions, respectively. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, thermophillin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, thermophillin can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes thermophillin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1,3-dipalmitoylglycerol is a 1,3-diglyceride obtained by the formal acylation of positions 1 and 3 of glycerol by hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid. It is a 1,3-diglyceride and a dihexadecanoylglycerol. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a C19-gibberellin, initially identified in Gibberella fujikuroi and differing from gibberellin A1 by the substitution of the OH at C-7 (gibbane numbering) by H. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lactone, a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid and a C19-gibberellin. It is a conjugate acid of a gibberellin A4(1-). 
it is an anthracycline antibiotic isolated from the culture broth of Nocardia sp. MJ896-43F17. It exhibits significant antimycobacterial activity against several drug-resistant Mycobacterium smegmatis strains. It has a role as an antimycobacterial drug. It is an anthracycline antibiotic, an aminoglycoside, a deoxy hexoside, an aromatic ether and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Vinca rosea Linn. it binds to tubulin and inhibits microtubule formation, resulting in disruption of mitotic spindle assembly and arrest of tumor cells in the M phase of the cell cycle. This agent may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. (NCI04) 
(2E)-3-methylhex-2-enoic acid is a monounsaturated fatty acid that is (2E)-hexenoic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a methyl group. A malodourous component in the sweat of schizophrenics. It is a short-chain fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a (2E)-hexenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2E)-3-methylhex-2-enoate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranoflavonoids. Pyranoflavonoids are compounds containing a pyran ring fused to a 2-phenyl-1, 4-benzopyran skeleton. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as ait or jegosapogenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, barringtogenol c is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, barringtogenol c can be found in tea. This makes barringtogenol c a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a glycophytoceramide having a 4-O-(4-methylbenzyl)-alpha-D-galactosyl residue at the O-1 position and a hexacosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. One of a series of an extensive set of 4\ 
it is zwitterionic form of guanidinoacetic acid having an anionic carboxy group and a protonated guanidino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a guanidinoacetic acid. 
it is a member of the class of cinnamamides that is trans-cinnamamide substituted by a 2-(4-methoxyphenyl)ethyl group at the nitrogen atom. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a member of cinnamamides, a monomethoxybenzene and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a trans-cinnamamide. 
it is a primary ammonium ion obtained by protonation of the primary amino function of indol-3-ylmethylamine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of an indol-3-ylmethylamine. 
it is a FAHFA obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic acid with the hydroxy group of 5-hydroxystearic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a FAHFA and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Trimethylsilyl N-pentadecanoic acid, also known as N-pentanoate, trimethylsilyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trimethylsilyl esters. These are organoheterosilanes, bearing a silicon atom that is linked to three methyl groups and is O-esterified. Trimethylsilyl N-pentadecanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Trimethylsilyl N-pentadecanoic acid has been primarily detected in feces. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl 2-ethylbutanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cherry-pit, ethereal, and fruit taste. 
it is a derivative of propylamine having a methylmercapto group at the 3-position. It is a primary amino compound and an organic sulfide. It derives from a 3-aminopropane-1-thiol and a propylamine. It is a conjugate base of a 3-methylthiopropylaminium. 
it is a tetrachlorobiphenyl in which the chlorines are positions at positions 2, 3, 4, and 4'. It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl, a trichlorobenzene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a synthetic progestational agent similar to the endogenous progesterone used in hormone therapy or as a female contraceptive. Mimicking the action of progesterone, hydroxyprogesterone caporate binds to and activates nuclear progesterone receptors in the reproductive system and causes the ligand-receptor complex to be translocated to the nucleus where it binds to and promotes expression of target genes. Due to the negative feedback mechanism seen with progesterone, this agent also blocks luteinizing hormone (LH) release from the pituitary gland, thereby leading to an inhibition of ovulation and an alteration in the cervical mucus and endometrium. Furthermore, without stimulation of LH, estrogen release from the ovaries is stopped, hence impeding the growth of estrogen-sensitive tumor cells. 
it is a monohydrate form of nitrofurantoin, a synthetic derivative of imidazolidinedione (hydantoin) that inhibits bacterial DNA, RNA, and cell wall protein synthesis. 
Silver(1+) sulfadiazinate is a silver salt, a sulfonamidate and a member of pyrimidines. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antibacterial drug. It contains a sulfadiazinate. it is a sulfonamide-based topical agent with antibacterial and antifungal activity. it may act through a combination of the activity of silver and sulfadiazine. When this agent interacts with sodium chloride-containing body fluids, silver ions are released slowly and sustainably into wounded areas. Ionized silver atoms catalyze the formation of disulfide bonds leading to protein structural changes and inactivating thiol-containing enzymes; silver ions may also intercalate DNA thereby interfering with replication and transcription of bacteria. As a competitive inhibitor of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), sulfadiazine inhibits bacterial dihydropteroate synthase, thereby resulting in disruption of folic acid metabolism and ultimately DNA synthesis. 
it is a tertiany amino compound that is 2,6-dinitro-4-(trifluoromethyl)aniline in which the hydrogens attached to the aniline nitrogen have been replaced by one ethyl and one butyl group. It is used as a pre-emergence herbicide used for the control of grass and other weeds in a range of food and non-food crops. It has a role as a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a tertiary amino compound, a C-nitro compound, an organofluorine compound and a substituted aniline. 
A pharmaceutical preparation of brimonidine tartrate and timolol maleate. The combined ADRENERGIC ALPHA2 RECEPTOR AGONIST and ADRENERGIC BETA-ANTAGONIST activity of these drugs reduce INTRAOCULAR PRESSURE in GLAUCOMA patients. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Lissamine fast yellow is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 2,5-dichloro-4-{5-hydroxy-3-methyl-4-[(4-sulfophenyl)diazenyl]pyrazol-1-yl}benzene-1-sulfonic acid. It is used as the erythrocyte stain in Garvey's method for elastic, fibrin and collagen as well as a substitute for martius yellow in Lendrum's MSB. It has a role as a histological dye, a food colouring and an allergen. It contains a lissamine fast yellow(2-). 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-threonine and L-proline residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-threonine and a L-proline. 
Alpha-L-Fucp-(1->4)-[alpha-L-Fucp-(1->2)-beta-D-Galp-(1->3)]-beta-D-GlcpNAc-(1->3)-beta-D-Galp-(1->4)-D-Glcp is a branched amino hexasaccharide made up from two fucose, two galactose, one glucosamine and one glucose unit (at the reducing end). It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino hexasaccharide. 
6-methoxy-11-methyl-1,3,4,9,10,10a-hexahydro-2H-10,4a-(epiminoethano)phenanthrene is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 1,3,4,9,10,10a-hexahydro-2H-10,4a-(epiminoethano)phenanthrene which is substituted by a methoxy group at position 6 and a methyl group at position 11. It is an aromatic ether, a morphinane alkaloid, a morphinane-like compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is a 2-halobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid carrying a fluoro substituent at position 2. It is a fluorobenzoic acid and a 2-halobenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-fluorobenzoate. 
it is the parent member of the class of it obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 17-(4-hydroxy-3-methylphenyl)heptadeca-2,4,6,8,10,12,14,16-octaenoic acid with one of the phenolic hydroxy groups of 2-dodecyl-5-methyl resorcinol. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid comprised of a lanostane skeleton which is 3beta-hydroxylated and has double bonds at the 9(11)- and 24-positions. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 
it is a 4-carbon, branched hydroxy fatty acid and intermediate in the metabolism of valine. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxyisobutyrate. 
it is an oxysterol that is the 22S-hydroxy derivative of cholesterol. It is a 22-hydroxy steroid, an oxysterol and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is an organic disulfide obtained by formal oxidative dimerisation of 4-thiopyridine. It is an organic disulfide and a member of pyridines. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid c-glycosides. Flavonoid C-glycosides are compounds containing a carbohydrate moiety which is C-glycosidically linked to the 2-phenylchromen-4-one flavonoid backbone. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, maysin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, maysin can be found in cereals and cereal products and corn. This makes maysin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
3,6-diaminoacridine monohydrochloride is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of 3,6-diaminoacridine and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antiseptic drug, an intercalator and a carcinogenic agent. It contains a 3,6-diaminoacridine(1+). 
A complex mixture of monomeric and aggregated porphyrins used in the photodynamic therapy of tumors (HEMATOPORPHYRIN PHOTORADIATION). A purified component of this mixture is known as DIHEMATOPORPHYRIN ETHER. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 2, an ethyl group at position 4 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is a member of pyrrolidines, a monomethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and a member of chromenes. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C19H22N2O2, isolated from several species of Strychnos. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, a primary alcohol and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 
cis- And trans-2-isopropyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane, also known as iso-butyl aldehyde propylene glycol acetal 1 or 1, 3-dioxolane, 4-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl), cis, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. cis- And trans-2-isopropyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, cis- and trans-2-isopropyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. cis- And trans-2-isopropyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane has a winey taste. 
it is the conjugate base of 2-hydroxy-3-oxopropanoic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxy-3-oxopropanoic acid. 
it is a six-membered homodetic cyclic peptide composed from L-phenylglycyl, D-tryptophyl, L-lysyl, O-benzyl-L-tyrosyl, L-phenylalanyl and modified L-hydroxyproline residues joined in sequence. A somatostatin analogue with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin; used (as its diaspartate salt) for treatment of Cushing's disease. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide and a peptide hormone. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). it is a synthetic long-acting cyclic peptide with somatostatin-like activity. it activates a broad spectrum of somatostatin receptors, exhibiting a much higher binding affinity for somatostatin receptors 1, 3, and 5 than octreotide in vitro, as well as a comparable binding affinity for somatostatin receptor 2. This agent is more potent than somatostatin in inhibiting the release of human growth hormone (HGH), glucagon, and insulin. 
it is a carbamate ester. It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 2-[(ethylsulfanyl)methyl]phenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (S)-3-methylthiohexyl butyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-3-methylthiohexyl butyrate can be found in fruits. This makes (S)-3-methylthiohexyl butyrate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a xylose phosphate that is alpha-D-xylose carrying a phosphate group at position 1. It derives from an alpha-D-xylose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a deoxygalactose derivative that is beta-D-galactose in which the hydroxy group at position2 has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an amino sugar and a deoxygalactose derivative. It derives from a beta-D-galactose. 
it appears as colorless to white crystalline solid or white powder. Sublimes at 284Â°F. Odorless. Bitter taste. pH (saturated aqueous solution) 9.8. (NTP, 1992) it is a morphinane alkaloid found in the opium poppy, Papaver somniferum var. album; has analgesic, anti-tussive and anti-diarrhoeal properties. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, an antitussive, an opioid receptor agonist, a prodrug, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a drug allergen. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a morphinane alkaloid. It derives from a morphine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a naturally occurring phenanthrene alkaloid and opioid agonist with analgesic, antidiarrheal and antitussive activities. it mimics the actions of endogenous opioids by binding to the opioid receptors at many sites within the central nervous system (CNS). Stimulation of mu-subtype opioid receptors results in a decrease in the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline; in addition, the it metabolite morphine induces opening of G-protein-coupled inwardly rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels and blocks the opening of N-type voltage-gated calcium channels, resulting in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability. Stimulation of gut mu-subtype opioid receptors results in a reduction in intestinal motility and delayed intestinal transit times. Antitussive activity is mediated through it's action on the cough center in the medulla. 
it appears as a clear, colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals and as a special purpose solvent. it is a carbonate ester that is carbonic acid in which both hydrogens are replaced by methyl groups. A flammable, colourless liquid (m.p. 2-4â„ƒ, b.p. 90â„ƒ) with a characterstic ester-like odour, it is used as a 'green' methylating agent and as a solvent. It has a role as a solvent and a reagent. 
An ester formed between the aldehydic carbon of RIBOSE and the terminal phosphate of ADENOSINE DIPHOSPHATE. It is produced by the hydrolysis of nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide (NAD) by a variety of enzymes, some of which transfer an ADP-ribosyl group to target proteins. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is the enol-form of phenylpyruvic acid, consisting of acrylic acid having a hydroxy substituent at the 2-position and a phenyl group at the 3-position. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an enol-phenylpyruvate. It is a tautomer of a keto-phenylpyruvic acid. 
it is a palmitate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic acid with the hydroxy group of icosan-1-ol. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a wax ester. It derives from an icosan-1-ol. 
it is an alkene that is 2-methylhept-1-ene carrying a methyl group at position 4. It has a role as a human metabolite and an animal metabolite. It is an alkene and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a heptane. 
it is an aryloxypyrimidine having a 4,6-diphenoxypyrimidine skeleton in which one of the phenyl rings is cyano-substituted at C-2 and the other carries a 2-methoxy-1-(methoxycarbonyl)vinyl substituent, also at C-2. An inhibitor of mitochondrial respiration by blocking electron transfer between cytochromes b and c1, it is used widely as a fungicide in agriculture. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an antifungal agrochemical and a quinone outside inhibitor. It is a nitrile, an aryloxypyrimidine, an enoate ester, an enol ether, a methyl ester and a methoxyacrylate strobilurin antifungal agent. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefpimizole, a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefpimizole binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
4-Methoxybenzene-1, 2-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 4-Methoxybenzene-1, 2-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
3'-phospho-5'-adenylyl sulfate is an adenosine bisphosphate having monophosphate groups at the 3'- and 5'-positions and a sulfo group attached to the phosphate at position 5'. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an adenosine bisphosphate, an acyl sulfate and a purine ribonucleoside bisphosphate. It derives from a 5'-adenylyl sulfate and an adenosine 3',5'-bismonophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a 3'-phosphonato-5'-adenylyl sulfate(4-). 
(+)-alpha-Muurolene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units (+)-alpha-Muurolene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule (+)-alpha-Muurolene has been primarily detected in saliva. Within the cell, (+)-alpha-muurolene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a carbohydrate acid derivative anion that is the conjugate base of N,N-diacetyllegionaminic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a N,N-diacetyllegionaminic acid. 
it is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride that is the cyclic anhydride of hexahydrophthalic acid. It has a role as an allergen. It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride and a tetrahydrofurandione. 
it is a phosphoerythronic acid that consists of D-erythronic acid bearing an O-phospho substituent at position 3. It derives from a D-erythronic acid. 
it is a nicotine analog that is an alkaloid found in tree tobacco (Nicotiana glauca) and is comprised of a pyridine substituted by a piperidin-2-yl group at position 3. it has been used as an industrial insecticide and, since it is present in trace amounts in tobacco smoke, its detection in urine can be used as an indicator of exposure to tobacco smoke. 
it is a gadolinium coordination entity that consists of Gd(3+) coordinated to 3,6,9-triazaundecadiamide in which each of the amide nitrogens is substituted by a 2-methoxyethyl group and in which the nitrogens at positions 3, 6, and 9 are each substituted by carboxylatomethyl group. The gadolinium is coordinated to the three tertiary amino groups as well as to the carboxylate groups. A white odourless powder that is freely soluble in water, gadoversetamide has paramagnetic properties and is used as a contrast agent in magnetic resonance imaging. It distributes mainly in extracellular fluid, but does not cross the blood-brain barrier. It is used particularly in imaging the brain, spine and liver. It has a role as a MRI contrast agent. it is a paramagnetic extracellular magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) contrast agent that facilitates visualization of abnormal vascularity. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoversetamide decreases T1 (spin-lattice or longitudinal relaxation time) and T2 (spin-spin or transverse relaxation time) values in tissues where it accumulates. At the recommended dose, the effect is primarily on T1 relaxation time, and produces an increase in signal intensity. it does not cross the intact blood-brain barrier. However, abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoversetamide. (NCI05) 
it is a sulfone compound having two S-phenyl substituents. It has been found in plants like Gnidia glauca and Dioscorea bulbifera. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it, also known as 2, 2'-thiobis-propane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylthioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by two alkyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a garlic, sulfury, and vegetable taste. 
it is a it in which the nickel carries a double positive charge. It has a role as a cofactor. It is a divalent metal cation, a metal cation allergen, a it and a monoatomic dication. 
it is a pyrazine N-oxide that is pyrazine-1,4-dioxide substituted at positions 2 and 5 by hydroxy groups and at positions 3 and 6 by isobutyl groups. Formed by oxidative aromatisation of cyclo(L-leucyl-L-leucyl). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pyrazine N-oxide and a hydroxypyrazine. It is a conjugate acid of a pulcherriminate(2-). 
it is the 2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-5-yl ester of the active enantiomer of itat. it is an orally active prodrug of itat, a potent neutral endopeptidase (NEP, neprilysin) inhibitor used in the treatment of chronic heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.* (metalloendopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an indan-5-ol and a itat. 
it is a phytosterol consisting of ergostane having double bonds at the 5,6-, 7,8- and 22,23-positions as well as a 3beta-hydroxy group. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, an ergostanoid and a member of phytosterols. 
it is an anthocyanin cation that is cyanidin in which the hydroxyl hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 are replaced by rutinosyl and glucosyl residues respectively. It is a rutinoside, an anthocyanin cation, a disaccharide derivative and a 5-hydroxyanthocyanin O-beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is a conjugate acid of a it betaine. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-leucine, L-valine and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine, a L-valine and a L-serine. 
it is an N-substituted putrescine that is thymine in which a hydrogen of the methyl group has been replaced by one of the amino groups of putrescine. It replaces about half of the thymine residues in the DNA of bacetriophage phiW-14. It is a pyrimidone, a N-substituted putrescine, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound and a pyrimidine nucleobase. It derives from a thymine. 
it is a proanthocyanidin consisting of two molecules of (-)-epicatechin joined by a bond between positions 4 and 6' in beta-configuration. It can be found in grape seeds, in Hibiscus cannabinus (kenaf) root and bark, in apple and in cacao. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a hydroxyflavan, a proanthocyanidin, a biflavonoid and a polyphenol. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin. 
it is a piperidine substituted at position 1 by a 3-hydroxy-3,3-diphenylpropyl group. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and an antiparkinson drug. It is a tertiary alcohol and a member of piperidines. 
Talactoferrin alfa is a novel immunomodulatory 80 kD protein with demonstrated oral anti-tumor properties. Lactoferrin, a protein found in breast milk is developed by Agennix. It increases bodyâ€™s immune power and also works as a natural antioxidant, helping to control cell and tissue damage caused by oxidation. 
it is an omega-[(methylsulfiny)alkyl]glucosinolic acid in which the omega-(methylsulfinyl)alkyl group is specified as 6-(methylsulfinyl)hexyl. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite. 
it is an ammonium ion that is a derivative of L-histidine having a 3-carboxy-3-(methylammonio)propyl group at the 2-position on the imidazole ring. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-[3-carboxylato-3-(methylammonio)propyl]-L-histidine dizwitterion. 
it is a UDP-N-acetyl-D-muramate in which the anomeric centre of the pyranose fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-muramate(3-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, dry, and powdery taste. 
it is the (3S)-diastereomer of 3-hydroxy-L-aspartic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (3S)-3-hydroxy-L-aspartate(2-) and a (3S)-3-hydroxy-L-aspartate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (3R)-3-hydroxy-D-aspartic acid. 
it is an agent consisting of chlorin e6, derived from chlorophyll, and L-aspartic acid with photosensitizing activity. After intratumoral activation by light emitting diodes, taporfin sodium forms an extended high energy conformational state that generates singlet oxygen, resulting in free radical-mediated cell death. (NCI04) 
A long pro-domain caspase that has specificity for the precursor form of INTERLEUKIN-1BETA. It plays a role in INFLAMMATION by catalytically converting the inactive forms of CYTOKINES such as interleukin-1beta to their active, secreted form. it is referred as interleukin-1beta converting enzyme and is frequently abbreviated ICE. 
it appears as fine white or almost white crystalline powder. Odorless or almost odorless. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is a imidazolidine-2,4-dione that consists of hydantoin bearing two phenyl substituents at position 5. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a teratogenic agent, a drug allergen and a sodium channel blocker. It derives from a hydantoin. it is a hydantoin derivative and a non-sedative antiepileptic agent with anticonvulsant activity. it potentially acts by promoting sodium efflux from neurons located in the motor cortex reducing post-tetanic potentiation at synapses. The reduction of potentiation prevents cortical seizure foci spreading to adjacent areas, stabilizing the threshold against hyperexcitability. In addition, this agent appears to reduce sensitivity of muscle spindles to stretch causing muscle relaxation. 
it is a dihydrocarveol with (1S,2S,4S)-stereochemistry. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-dihydrocarveol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenazines and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a phenazine moiety, which is a linear tricyclic system that consists of a two benzene rings joined by a pyrazine ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, polycartine b is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
R-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylthioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by two alkyl groups. R-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, R-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, R-it can be found in fruits. This makes R-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a sulfonamide with a structure based on that of sulfanilamide substituted on the sulfonamide nitrogen by a (2R,3S)-4-phenyl-2-(phosphonooxy)-3-({[(3S)-tetrahydrofuran-3-yloxy]carbonyl}amino)butyl group. It is a pro-drug of the HIV protease inhibitor and antiretroviral drug amprenavir. It has a role as a prodrug. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a prodrug form of amprenavir. In the body it is metabolized to amprenavir, a synthetic derivative of hydroxyethylamine sulfonamide that selectively binds to and inhibits human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease. 
it, also known as fema 3797, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanones. Furanones are compounds containing a furan ring bearing a ketone group. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, furaneol acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, baked, and bread taste. 
6-Hydroxy-2-[(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)methylidene]-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aurone flavonoids. These are flavonoids containing a 2-Benzylidene-1-benzofuran-3-one based core. Aurone flavonoids provide the bright yellow color of some important ornamental flowers, such as snapdragon (Antirrhinum majus). 6-Hydroxy-2-[(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)methylidene]-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as fema 3057, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, apricot, and fruity taste. 
it is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid in which the carboxy group is located at position 2. It is an intermediate in the metabolism of tryptophan. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a picolinate. Chromium Piccolinate is a salt of the trace metallic element chromium (Cr), essential in glucose metabolism. Found in vitamins and mineral supplements, Chromium may be necessary for utilization of dietary sugars and carbohydrates by optimizing the effects of insulin. Animal studies suggest that chromium picolinate may be carcinogenic, it enters cells directly and can causes mutations. (NCI04) 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-leucine, L-valine, and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-leucine, a L-valine and a L-serine. 
Tri-isobutyl vanadate appears as a pale yellow liquid with an alcohol-like odor. Corrosive. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of validamycin A. The major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a bacterial metabolite, an antifungal agrochemical, an EC 2.4.1.231 [alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (configuration-retaining)] inhibitor, an EC 2.4.1.64 (alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase) inhibitor and an EC 3.2.1.28 (alpha,alpha-trehalase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of a validamycin A. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid consisting of salicylic acid having a methyl group at the 4-position. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is an oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the acyl group at position 1 is (9Z)-octadecenoyl (oleoyl) and the hydroxy group at position 2 is unsubstituted. It is a lysophosphatidylcholine (18:1/0:0), a 1-O-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and an oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. 
it is a derivative of uridine, bearing an additional methoxycarbonylmethyl substituent at position 5 on the uracil ring. It is a member of uridines and a methyl ester. 
it, also known as brunol or fema 3650, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-hydroxybenzoic acid esters. These are benzoic acid esters where the benzene ring is ortho-substituted with a hydroxy group. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a clover, ethyl benzoate, and harsh tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a homodetic cyclic peptide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of N(2)-(3-phenylpropanoyl)-L-ornithyl-L-prolyl-3-cyclohexyl-D-alanyl-L-tryptophyl-L-arginine with the 5-amino group of the N(2)-acylornithyl residue. It has a role as an antagonist, an anti-inflammatory agent and a C5a receptor antagonist. It is an azamacrocycle and a homodetic cyclic peptide. 
it is a glycine molecule carrying a 4-hydroxyphenyl substituent. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a glycine. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the calcium salt of phosphoric acid with widely used applications. This agent can be used as a countermeasure for exposure to strontium and radium radionuclides. Upon oral uptake, it competes for and blocks the absorption of radium (Ra-226) and strontium (Sr-90) in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a spice tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of cinnamates that is the conjugate base of trans-sinapic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a trans-sinapic acid. 
it is the enol tautomer of it. It has a role as a xenobiotic. It is a member of 1,3,5-triazines and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. It is a tautomer of an it. 
it is a colorless, sweet-tasting gas. It is also known as \ it is a nitrogen oxide consisting of linear unsymmetrical molecules with formula N2O. While it is the most used gaseous anaesthetic in the world, its major commercial use, due to its solubility under pressure in vegetable fats combined with its non-toxicity in low concentrations, is as an aerosol spray propellant and aerating agent for canisters of 'whipped' cream. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic, a NMDA receptor antagonist, a bacterial metabolite, a general anaesthetic, a vasodilator agent, an analgesic, a member of greenhouse gas, a raising agent, a member of food packaging gas, a food propellant and a refrigerant. It is a nitrogen oxide and a gas molecular entity. it is a naturally occurring gas that is colorless and non flammable. It can be manufactured and used for a variety of things such as a pharmacologic agent to produce anesthesia, a food additive as a propellant, and an additive to fuels to increase available oxygen in combustion. 
Regadenoson is an Adenosine Receptor Agonist. The mechanism of action of regadenoson is as an Adenosine Receptor Agonist. Regadenoson is an adenosine derivative and selective A2A adenosine receptor agonist with coronary vasodilating activity. Upon administration, regadenoson selectively binds to and activates the A2A adenosine receptor, which induces coronary vasodilation. This leads to an increase in coronary blood flow and enhances myocardial perfusion. Compared to adenosine, regadenoson has a longer half-life and shows higher selectivity towards the A2A adenosine receptor. This agent is a very weak agonist for the A1 adenosine receptor and has negligible affinity for the A2B and A3 adenosine receptors. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of dodecanoic acid (lauric acid); major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion, a medium-chain fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 12:0 and an omega-methyl fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a dodecanoic acid. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is the free acid form of the dye Sirius red F3B. The hexasodium salt is a histological dye used principally in staining methods for collagen and amyloid. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a member of ureas, a member of naphthols, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of azobenzenes. It is a conjugate acid of a Sirius red F3B(6-). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point 58Â°F. Less dense than water, Vapors are heavier than air. it is an acetate ester obtained by the formal condensation of acetic acid with propanol. It has a role as a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It derives from a propan-1-ol. 
Calcium glubionate (or it) is a mineral supplement to prevent or treat low blood calcium levels in people who do not get enough calcium from their diets. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Parkinson's Disease. It is a metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5) negative allosteric modulator (NAM). 
N(alpha),N(alpha)-dimethyl-L-histidine is the N(alpha),N(alpha)-dimethyl derivative of L-histidine. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a tautomer of a N(alpha),N(alpha)-dimethyl-L-histidine zwitterion. 
A tricyclic pentaglycosidic antibiotic from Streptomyces strains that inhibits RNA and protein synthesis by adhering to DNA. It is used as a fluorescent dye and as an antineoplastic agent, especially in bone and testicular tumors. Plicamycin is also used to reduce hypercalcemia, especially that due to malignancies. 
it is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-5-oxohexanoate. 
it is an macrolide antibiotic isolated from the pathogenic plant fungus Rhizopus microsporus. It also exhibits antitumour and antimitotic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a metabolite and an antimitotic. It is a macrolide antibiotic, an epoxide and a member of 1,3-oxazoles. 
it is an UDP-sugar. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it, also known as it or 2-formylcarbazole (obsol. ), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 9H-carbazole-3-carboxaldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 9H-carbazole-3-carboxaldehyde can be found in fruits. This makes 9H-carbazole-3-carboxaldehyde a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 1-benzothiophene that is 1-benzothiophene-4,7-dione bearing additional methylthio and 3,7,11,15,19,23-hexamethyltetracosyl substituents at positions 5 and 6 respectively. Isolated from Caldariella acidophila. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of 1-benzothiophenes, an organic sulfide and a member of p-quinones. 
it is a Toleragen that is designed to shut down the B cells that produce antibodies to ÃŸ2 GP1. it is undergoing trial for for the treatment of stroke, deep-vein thrombosis and other conditions associated with antibody-mediated thrombosis. Antibody-mediated thrombosis, also called antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), is a blood clotting disorder. Patients with high levels of anticardiolipin antibodies (ACA) have an increased risk of stroke, heart attack, deep vein thrombosis, and recurrent fetal loss. The target of the it's clot-promoting antibodies is a small region on a key blood protein called beta 2-glycoprotein I. To date, our scientists have shown that approximately 90% of patients studied with antibody-mediated thrombosis have antibodies that bind to this region. 
it is a dioxolane that is 1,3-dioxolane which is substituted at positions 2, 2, and 4 by 2,4-dichlorophenyl, 1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl, and [4-(4-isopropylpiperazin-1-yl)phenoxy]methyl groups, respectively. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, an aromatic ether, a dioxolane, a member of triazoles, a cyclic ketal and a dichlorobenzene. 
it, also known as sinequan or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzoxepines. Dibenzoxepines are compounds containing a dibenzoxepine moiety, which consists of two benzene connected by an oxazepine ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, doxepin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be converted into (e)-2-hydroxydoxepin through its interaction with the enzyme cytochrome P450 2D6. In addition, it can be converted into N-desmethyldoxepin and formaldehyde; which is mediated by the enzymes cytochrome P450 1A2, cytochrome P450 3A4, cytochrome P450 2C19, and cytochrome P450 2C9. In humans, doxepin is involved in the doxepin H1-antihistamine action pathway and the doxepin metabolism pathway. it is a potentially toxic compound. it is a dibenzoxepin derivative and tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) with antipruritic, antidepressive and anxiolytic activities. it blocks the reuptake of norepinephrine and serotonin (5-HT) into presynaptic terminals thereby prolonging the availability of the monoaminergic neurotransmitters within the synaptic cleft and enhancing their neurotransmission. it also has antagonistic effects on histamine H1, 5-HT2, alpha-1 adrenergic, and muscarinic receptors. The antipruritic effect of this agent is mediated through inhibition of histamine receptors. 
it is the simplest (and the only achiral) proteinogenic amino acid, with a hydrogen atom as its side chain. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a hepatoprotective agent, an EC 2.1.2.1 (it hydroxymethyltransferase) inhibitor, a NMDA receptor agonist, a micronutrient, a fundamental metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is an alpha-amino acid, a serine family amino acid and a proteinogenic amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a glycinium. It is a conjugate acid of a glycinate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a non-essential, non-polar, non-optical, glucogenic amino acid. it, an inhibitory neurotransmitter in the CNS, triggers chloride ion influx via ionotropic receptors, thereby creating an inhibitory post-synaptic potential. In contrast, this agent also acts as a co-agonist, along with glutamate, facilitating an excitatory potential at the glutaminergic N-methyl-D-aspartic acid (NMDA) receptors. it is an important component and precursor for many macromolecules in the cells. 
it is a cinnamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of trans-ferulic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of D-tartaric acid. It derives from a ferulic acid and a D-tartaric acid. It is an enantiomer of a (2R,3R)-trans-fertaric acid. 
An antibiotic isolated from the fermentation broth of Fusidium coccineum. (From Merck Index, 11th ed). It acts by inhibiting translocation during protein synthesis. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is maleic acid in which each of the hydrogens that is attached to a carbon atom is substituted by a methyl group. It derives from a maleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dimethylmaleate(2-). 
it, also known as 2-methyl-3-furyl propyl disulfide or disulfide, 2-methyl-3-furyl propyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-3-(propyldithio)furan is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a meaty taste. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the racemic form of ondansetron, a carbazole derivative and a selective, competitive serotonin 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 (5-HT3) receptor antagonist with antiemetic activity. Although its mechanism of action has not been fully characterized, ondansetron appears to competitively block the action of serotonin at 5HT3 receptors peripherally in the gastrointestinal tract as well as centrally in the area postrema of the CNS, where the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) for vomiting is located, resulting in the suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is the acetate ester of linalool. It forms a principal component of the essential oils from bergamot and lavender. It is an acetate ester and a monoterpenoid. It derives from a linalool. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that consists of trans-chalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 4 and 4' and a methoxy group at position 2'. Isolated from Caesalpinia sappan, it exhibits neuroprotective and cytoprotective activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent and an anti-allergic agent. It is a member of chalcones, a member of catechols and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
it is a 1-acyl-2-octadecanoyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate in which the 1-acyl group is also octadecanoyl. It is a 1-acyl-2-octadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphate and a phosphatidic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a 2-aminopyrimidin-4(1H)-one derivative bearing a 1,3-benzodioxol-5-ylmethyl group at the 5-position and with a 4-(5-methyl-(1H)imidazol-4-yl)-3-thiabutyl substituent attached to the 2-amino group. It is a specific histamine H2-receptor antagonist. It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug and a H2-receptor antagonist. It is a member of imidazoles, a pyrimidone and a member of benzodioxoles. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid. Boiling point 257Â°F (125Â° C). Irritates the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
Versiconol acetate is an acetate ester that is the O-acetyl derivative of versiconol. An intermediate in the biosynthesis of aflatoxin. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a polyphenol, an acetate ester and a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone. It is a conjugate acid of a versiconol acetate(1-). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester that is succinic acid in which one of the carboxy groups has been converted to its methyl ester. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a hemisuccinate. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-leucine and glycine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a peroxide-bridged anthracene substituted at the bridgeheads with methyl and carboxyethyl groups. It has a role as a hapten. It is a member of anthracenes, an organic peroxide and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a methoxybenzoic acid that is benzoic acid which is substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,5-dimethoxybenzoate. 
4-Ethyl-1, 2-dimethoxybenzene, also known as 1, 2-dimethoxy-4-ethyl-benzene or 3, 4-dimethoxyphenylethane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dimethoxybenzenes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a monocyclic benzene moiety carrying exactly two methoxy groups. 4-Ethyl-1, 2-dimethoxybenzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-ethyl-1, 2-dimethoxybenzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Ethyl-1, 2-dimethoxybenzene is an earthy and musty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products and tea. This makes 4-ethyl-1, 2-dimethoxybenzene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type II. it is a potent, water soluble, selective and orally bioavailable, boronic acid-based inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. it irriversibly binds to DPP-4. 
it appears as colorless crystals with slight odor. Non corrosive. Used as an insecticide. it is a phthalimide insecticide, a member of maleimides and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide. It derives from a chrysanthemic acid. 
Polymeric compounds that contain repeating units of hydroxypropyl methylcellulose. The properties of it polymers can vary greatly and are defined by their molecular weight, the percentage of hydroxyl groups, the percentage of hydroxypropyl groups, and viscosity measurements. They are found a broad variety of commercial products such as FOOD ADDITIVES; EXCIPIENTS; and LUBRICANTS. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
C7-oxacyanine is a C7 cyanine dye having 3-ethyl-1,3-benzoxazol-2(3H)-yl units at each end. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a cyanine dye, an organic iodide salt and a member of 1,3-benzoxazoles. It contains a C7-oxacyanine cation. 
it is a benzene which is substituted by a 3-oxopropyl group at position 1. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a plant metabolite. It is an aldehyde and a member of benzenes. It derives from a benzene. 
Octyl acid phosphate appears as a corrosive liquid. About the same density as water and insoluble in water. Noncombustible. May severely irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Contact should be avoided. 
it is an octadecatetraenoic acid containing a conjugated system of double bonds at positions 9, 11, 13 and 15. it is a polyunsaturated long-chain fatty acid with an 18-carbon backbone and 4 double bonds originating from the 3rd, 5th, 7th and 9th positions from the methyl end. 
it, also known as b-hydroxypalmitoyl-coenzyme A or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acyl coas. These are acyl CoAs where the group acylated to the coenzyme A moiety is a long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa) it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, it is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include carnitine palmitoyl transferase deficiency (I), trifunctional protein deficiency, the mitochondrial Beta-oxidation OF long chain saturated fatty acids pathway, and the glutaric aciduria type I pathway. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside in which the aglycone species is chrysophanol, the glycosidic linkage being to the hydroxy group at C-8. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a monohydroxyanthraquinone. It derives from a chrysophanol. 
it is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid (beta-D-glucuronide) that is a metabolite of diclofenac. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a dichlorobenzene, a monocarboxylic acid and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a diclofenac. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a characteristic odor. Less dense than water. Contact may cause severe irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it is a pyridopyrimidine that is 5-oxo-5,8-dihydropyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidine-6-carboxylic acid substituted at position 2 by a piperazin-1-yl group and at position 8 by an ethyl group. A synthetic broad-spectrum antibacterial, it is used for treatment of gastrointestinal, biliary, and urinary infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an amino acid, a N-arylpiperazine, a pyridopyrimidine and a quinolone antibiotic. it is a pyridopyrimidine antibiotic derivative of piromidic acid with activity against gram-negative bacteria, as well as some gram-positive bacteria. it exhibits greater activity than piromidic acid or nalidixic acid and shows moderate activity against bacteria that are resistant to piromidic acid and nalidixic acid. 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is genistein attached to alpha-L-6-deoxy-talopyranosyl residues at positions 7 and 4' respectively. Isolated from Kitasatospora kifunensis, it exhibits antifungal activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a glycosyloxyisoflavone and a hydroxyisoflavone. It derives from a genistein. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid comprising acetic acid substituted at the alpha carbon with a 2-nitrophenoxy group. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a C-nitro compound and an aromatic ether. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is propanamide substituted by two ethyl groups at the nitrogen atom and a naphthalen-1-yloxy group at position 2. It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of naphthalenes. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is 6-methoxycoumarin in which the hydrogens at positions 7 and 8 have been replaced by hydroxy groups. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an apoptosis inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent, a hepatoprotective agent, an antibacterial agent and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a hydroxycoumarin and an aromatic ether. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid substituted by a phenyl group at position 2. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenes. It derives from a butyric acid. 
[(3, 7-Dimethyl-6-octenyl)oxy]acetaldehyde, also known as 6, 10-dimethyl-3-oxa-9-undecanal or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. [(3, 7-Dimethyl-6-octenyl)oxy]acetaldehyde is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, [(3, 7-dimethyl-6-octenyl)oxy]acetaldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. [(3, 7-Dimethyl-6-octenyl)oxy]acetaldehyde has a sweet, aldehydic, and floral taste. 
A first generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). Like TAMOXIFEN, it is an estrogen agonist for bone tissue and cholesterol metabolism but is antagonistic on mammary and uterine tissue. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an oct-2-enedioate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-maleylacetoacetic acid. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid of D:C-friedooleanane-type triterpenoids isolated from the stems of Lagenaria siceraria and roots of Coriaria intermedia and has been found to exhibit antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 
1H-Indole, 3-methyl-1- (trimethylsilyl)- belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-methylindoles. These are aromatic heterocyclic compounds that contain an indole moiety substituted at the 3-position with a methyl group. 1H-Indole, 3-methyl-1- (trimethylsilyl)- is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a chlorocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is substituted by chlorine. It is a chlorocarboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-chloroacrylate. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Density 1.24 g / cm3. If spread over a large flat combustible area, friction can ignite the material. Soluble in tetrahydrofuran. 
Vinorelbine is a semisynthetic vinca alkaloid. Vinorelbine binds to tubulin and prevents formation of the mitotic spindle, resulting in the arrest of tumor cell growth in metaphase. This agent may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP. and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-isoleucine residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite and a human metabolite. It derives from a L-isoleucine. 
it is a member of the class of mastopyrans that is a 14-amino acid polypeptide comprising isoleucyl, asparaginyl, leucyl, lysyl, alanyl, isoleucyl, alanyl, alanyl, phenylalanyl, alanyl, lysyl, lysyl, leucyl, and leucinamide residues coupled in sequence. It is the major active component of the venom of the hornet Vespa ducalis and causes degranulation of mast cells. It exhibits antimicrobial activity against both Gram-positive and -negative bacteria as well as haemolytic activity on chicken, human and sheep erythrocytes. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is a member of mastoparans and a peptidyl amide. 
Tristearoylglycerol is a triglyceride that is glycerol in which all three hydroxy groups have been formally esterified with stearic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
Leucyl-glycine, also known as L-g dipeptide or leu-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Leucyl-glycine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Leucyl-glycine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a 2-ethoxyethoxy group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a diether and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an N-alkylpiperazine carrying (4-chlorophenyl)(phenyl)methyl and 4-tert-butylbenzyl groups. It has a role as an antiemetic, a cholinergic antagonist, a histamine antagonist, a local anaesthetic and a central nervous system depressant. It is a N-alkylpiperazine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). it is a piperazine histamine H1 receptor antagonist with primarily antiemetic and antivertigo activities. it binds to and blocks the histamine H1 receptor, thereby preventing the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity. it exerts its anti-emetic effect by binding to and blocking the muscarinic and histamine receptors in the vomiting center of the central nervous system (CNS). This may prevent activation of the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) and may reduce nausea and vomiting. 
it is a it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-dihydroxy-trans-cinnamate. 
it is an alkaloid extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree with class 1A antiarrhythmic and antimalarial effects. it stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses resulting in an increase of the threshold for excitation and decreased depolarization during phase 0 of the action potential. In addition, the effective refractory period (ERP), action potential duration (APD), and ERP/APD ratios are increased, resulting in decreased conduction velocity of nerve impulses. it exerts its antimalarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the heme polymer (hemazoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. 
it appears as a colorless to white crystalline solid with an insipid camphor-like odor. Dust and crystals are irritants to the eyes, nose and throat. Emits flammable vapors when heated. Emits acrid smoke and irritating fumes at high temperature. Used for the manufacture of synthetic camphor. it is a monoterpene with a bicyclic skeleton that is bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane substituted by geminal methyl groups at position 2 and a methylidene group at position 3. It is a widespread natural product found in many essential oils. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a fragrance. It is a monoterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. 
A topical bacteriostat that is available as various salts. It is used in wound dressings and mouth infections and may also have antifungal action, but may cause skin ulceration. 
it is a pyridochromene-derived monocarboxylic acid having an amino substituent at the 2-position, an oxo substituent at the 5-position and an isopropyl substituent at the 7-position. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent, an anti-ulcer drug and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a pyridochromene and a monocarboxylic acid. it is an anti-aphthous ulcer drug. it inhibits the synthesis and release of inflammatory mediators, including leukotrienes and histamine, from mast cells, neutrophils, and mononuclear cells. it also acts as a leukotriene D4 antagonist and a phosphodiesterase inhibitor. it decreases the time ulcers take to heal as well as the pain associated with the ulcers. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is 7-hydroxycoumarin which is substituted at position 6 by a 3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl group. A natural product found in Citropsis articulata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a benzopyridoindole derivative with antineoplastic property. it inhibits activities of both topoisomerase I and II via intercalating DNA helix, thereby hindering the movements of enzymes along DNA molecules during DNA transcription and replication, respectively. Furthermore, this agent stabilizes DNA-enzyme complexes during unwinding processes by both topoisomerases, leading to double- and single-stranded DNA breaks. Consequently, these effects bring about cell growth inhibition and apoptosis of tumor cells. 
it is an eight-membered oligopeptide consisting of Asp, Tyr, Met, Gly, Trp, Met, As and Phe-NH2 residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a human metabolite, a rat metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an oligopeptide and a peptidyl amide. 
it is the (3R,4R)-stereoisomer of 5-[(1-carboxyethenyl)oxy]-6-hydroxycyclohexa-1,3-diene-1-carboxylic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a haloacetate(1-) resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of fluoroacetic acid. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a fluoroacetic acid. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-benzoxazoles that is 1,3-benzoxazol-2-ol in which the hydrogen atom at position 5 is substituted by chlorine. A centrally acting muscle relaxant with sedative properties, it is used for the symptomatic treatment of painful muscle spasm. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and a sedative. It is a member of 1,3-benzoxazoles, an organochlorine compound and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. it is a benzoxazolone derivative with mild sedative and centrally-acting muscle relaxant activities. Although its exact mechanism of action is unknown, it (CZ) appears to act at the spinal cord and subcortical levels of the brain to inhibit multisynaptic reflex arcs involved in producing and maintaining muscle spasms. This agent is extensively hydroxylated by cytochrome P450 2E1 (CYP2E1) to 6-hydroxyit (HCZ),11,12 which is subsequently glucuronidated and eliminated renally. Highly selective for CYP2E1, CZ may be used as a selective probe for phenotyping CYP2E1 in humans; the ratio of HCZ-to-CZ plasma concentrations obtained 2 to 4 hours after oral administration of CZ may be used as a phenotypic measure of CYP2E1 enzymatic activity. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a hydrate that is the hemihydrate form of bumadizone calcium. Used for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as an antipyretic and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It contains a bumadizone calcium. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ortho cresols. These are organic compounds containing an ortho-cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene bearing one hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 2, respectively. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxyl groups of glutaric acid with the amino group of 4-aminostilbene. It has a role as an epitope. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from a glutaric acid. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. 
[methyl(oxido){1-[6-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-3-yl]ethyl}-lambda(6)-sulfanylidene]cyanamide is a member of the class of pyridines that is 5-ethyl-2-trifluoromethylpyridine in which the ethyl group is substituted at position 1 by an N-cyano-S-methylsulfonimidoyl group. The insecticide sulfoxalor is a mixture of the four possible stereoisomers arising from the two tetrahedral stereocentres. It is a member of pyridines, a sulfoximide, a nitrile and an organofluorine compound. 
it is a broad-spectrum parenteral carbapenem with activity against aerobic, anaerobic, gram-positive and gram-negative organisms including non-fermenters. it is often co-administered with betamipron to prevent nephrotoxicity. 
it is a neurotoxin with potential analgesic activity. it binds to the pores of fast voltage-gated fast sodium channels in nerve cell membranes, inhibiting nerve action potentials and blocking nerve transmission. Although found in various species of fish (such as the pufferfish), newts, frogs, flatworms, and crabs, it, for which there is no known antidote, is actually produced by bacteria such as Vibrio alginolyticus, Pseudoalteromonas tetraodonis, and other vibrio and pseudomonas bacterial species. 
5-oxoproline is an oxoproline having the oxo group placed at the 5-position. It is an intermediate metabolite in the glutathione cycle. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a pyrrolidinemonocarboxylic acid, a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones and an oxoproline. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-oxoprolinate. 
Fe-coproporphyrin III is a metalloporphyrin consisting of coproporphyrin III with a central iron atom. It has a role as a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a Fe-coproporphyrin III(4-). 
Beta-naphthyl N-acetylphenylalaninate is an alpha-amino acid ester obtained by the fromal condensation of N-acetylphenylalanine with 2-naphthol. It is an alpha-amino acid ester and a phenylalanine derivative. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
N,n-dimethyl-1-octadecanamine appears as a clear yellow liquid with a fishlike odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans that is the 2,3-dihydroderivative of benzofuran. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid carrying hydroxy and methyl substituents at positions 2 and 3 respectively It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-methylmalate(2-). 
it is a pyrroloquinoline having hydroxy groups at the 4- and 5-positions and carboxy groups at the 2-, 7- and 9-positions. It is a tricarboxylic acid and a pyrroloquinoline cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-) and a it(4-). 
it is a furoic acid having the carboxylic acid group located at position 2. It has a role as an inhibitor, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a plant metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-furoate. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an ether-like odor. Density 0.683 g / cm3. Flash point 61Â°F. Toxic by inhalation, skin absorption, and ingestion. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a solvent, and to make other chemicals. it is a nitrile that is acrylonitrile in which the carbon-carbon double bond has been reduced to a single bond. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. It is a volatile organic compound and an aliphatic nitrile. 
An alkaloid derived from the bark of the cinchona tree. It is used as an antimalarial drug, and is the active ingredient in extracts of the cinchona that have been used for that purpose since before 1633. Quinine is also a mild antipyretic and analgesic and has been used in common cold preparations for that purpose. It was used commonly and as a bitter and flavoring agent, and is still useful for the treatment of babesiosis. Quinine is also useful in some muscular disorders, especially nocturnal leg cramps and myotonia congenita, because of its direct effects on muscle membrane and sodium channels. The mechanisms of its antimalarial effects are not well understood. 
it is a member of the class of its that is benzene in which five of the hydrogens are replaced by chlorines. Now classed as a persistent organic pollutant under the Stockholm Convention. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant. 
Serves as the biological precursor of insect chitin, of muramic acid in bacterial cell walls, and of sialic acids in mammalian glycoproteins. 
it is a chlorobenzophenone that is (4-chlorophenyl)(phenyl)methanone substituted by a [2-methyl-1-oxo-1-(propan-2-yloxy)propan-2-yl]oxy group at position 1 on the phenyl ring. It has a role as an antilipemic drug, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a chlorobenzophenone, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a benzophenone. it is a synthetic phenoxy-isobutyric acid derivate and prodrug with antihyperlipidemic activity. it is hydrolyzed in vivo to its active metabolite fenofibric acid that binds to and activates peroxisome proliferator activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha), resulting in the activation of lipoprotein lipase and reduction of the production of apoprotein C-III, an inhibitor of lipoprotein lipase activity. Increased lipolysis and a fall in plasma triglycerides, in turn, leads to the modification of the small, dense low density lipoporotein (LDL) particles into larger particles that are catabolized more rapidly due to a greater affinity for cholesterol receptors. In addition, activation of PPARalpha also increases the synthesis of apoproteins A-I, A-II, and high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol. Overall, it reduces total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, total triglycerides and triglyceride rich lipoprotein (VLDL) while increasing HDL cholesterol. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a whitish, crystalline, inorganic compound that forms toxic fumes of cadmium oxides when heated. Calcium sulfate is used in electroplating, vacuum tubes, fluorescent screens, analytical chemistry, as a fungicide and as a chemical intermediate to produce cadmium containing pigments and stabilizers. Exposure to this substance irritates the eyes, skin and respiratory tract and causes damage to the lungs resulting in shortness of breath, chest pain and pulmonary edema, and can also damage the kidneys causing proteinuria and decreased renal function. Calcium sulfate is a known carcinogen and is associated with an elevated risk of developing lung cancer. (NCI05) 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid carrying a 3-sulfooxyphenyl substituent at C-3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion and a 3-(3-sulfooxyphenyl)propanoate(2-). 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of lurasidone with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. An atypical antipsychotic agent used for the treatment of schizophrenia. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, an adrenergic antagonist and a second generation antipsychotic. It contains a lurasidone(1+). 
it appears as clear colorless pale yellow or amber-colored liquid. Odor of cloves. Spicy pungent taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a phenylpropanoid formally derived from guaiacol with an allyl chain substituted para to the hydroxy group. It has a role as an allergen, a plant metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a sensitiser. It is a phenylpropanoid, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It derives from a guaiacol. 
it is an N-acyl-gamma-aminobutyric acid resulting from the monoacetylation of the nitrogen of GABA. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-acyl-gamma-aminobutyric acid and a member of acetamides. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-acetamidobutanoate. 
1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)pentyl]1,2,4-triazole is a member of the classof triazoles that is 1,2,4-triazole substituted at position 1 by a 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)pentyl group. It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of triazoles. 
it is a benzoic acid carrying a trifluoromethyl substituent at the 3-position. It is a member of benzoic acids and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxy-dihydrochalcones. These are organic compounds containing dihydrochalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
2-[3-ethyl-5-(4-methoxyphenyl)-1H-pyrazol-4-yl]phenol is a pyrazole that is 1H-pyrazole bearing an ethyl group at position 3, a 2-hydroxyphenyl group at position 2, and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a member of pyrazoles and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it is a derivative of the xanthine alkaloid theobromine with diuretic and vasodilating activity. Like other methylated xanthines, it causes diuresis, and acts as a stimulant and vasodilator. 
it is a member of the class of azepinoindoles that is 1,3,4,5-tetrahydro-6H-azepino[5,4,3-cd]indol-6-one carrying additional 4-[(methylamino)methyl]phenyl and fluoro substituents at positions 2 and 8 respectively. It is an inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase and is used (as the camsylate salt) as monotherapy for advanced ovarian cancer and deleterious germline or somatic BRCA mutation. It has a role as an EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an azepinoindole, a member of caprolactams, an organofluorine compound and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an orally bioavailable tricyclic indole and inhibitor of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerases (PARPs) 1 (PARP1), 2 (PARP2) and 3 (PARP3), with potential chemo/radiosensitizing and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it selectively binds to PARP1, 2 and 3 and inhibits PARP-mediated DNA repair. This enhances the accumulation of DNA strand breaks, promotes genomic instability and induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. This may enhance the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents and reverse tumor cell resistance to chemotherapy and radiation therapy. PARPs are enzymes activated by single-strand DNA breaks that catalyze the post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins, which induces signaling and the recruitment of other proteins to repair damaged DNA. The PARP-mediated repair pathway plays a key role in DNA repair and is dysregulated in a variety of cancer cell types. 
2-Propenyl cyclohexanepentanoate, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 2-Propenyl cyclohexanepentanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2-Propenyl cyclohexanepentanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl cyclohexanepentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 2-Propenyl cyclohexanepentanoate has an apple, apricot, and fruity taste. 
1-Isopropyl-2, 3-dimethylcyclopentane, also known as oseltamivir or iridane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monocyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing 1 ring in the isoprene chain. 1-Isopropyl-2, 3-dimethylcyclopentane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-isopropyl-2, 3-dimethylcyclopentane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-isopropyl-2, 3-dimethylcyclopentane can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 1-isopropyl-2, 3-dimethylcyclopentane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a carbonate salt in which the counter-ion is iron in the +2 oxidation state. It is a carbonate salt, a one-carbon compound, an iron molecular entity and a carbonate mineral. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indoles. Indoles are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2, 3-benzopyrrole. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an acyl-Coenzyme A:cholesterol acyltransferase (ACAT) inhibitor with antilipidemic, antiatherosclerotic, and antithrombotic activity. In an animal model, inhibition of ACAT by it increased HDL receptor activity and stimulated HDL-mediated cholesterol efflux from peritoneal macrophages. 
it is a member of maleimides and a member of indoles. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor. It derives from a maleimide. 
Tryptophanamide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tryptamines and derivatives. Tryptamines and derivatives are compounds containing the tryptamine backbone, which is structurally characterized by an indole ring substituted at the 3-position by an ethanamine. Tryptophanamide is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Tryptophanamide has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
4-Methoxy-5-((5-methyl-4-pentyl-2H-pyrrol-2-ylidene)methyl)- 2,2'-bi-1H-pyrrole. A toxic, bright red tripyrrole pigment from Serratia marcescens and others. It has antibacterial, anticoccidial, antimalarial, and antifungal activities, but is used mainly as a biochemical tool. 
it is the citrate salt form of clomiphene, a triphenylethylene nonsteroidal ovulatory stimulant evaluated for antineoplastic activity against breast cancer. Clomiphene has both estrogenic and anti-estrogenic activities that compete with estrogen for binding at estrogen receptor sites in target tissues. This agent causes the release of the pituitary gonadotropins follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), leading to ovulation. (NCI04) 
it is a tyrosine derivative that is L-tyrosine in which the hydrogen at position 3 on the phenyl ring is replaced by a methyl group. It is a L-tyrosine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
N-methyl-6-pyridone-3-carboxamide is a pyridone that is 2-pyridone substituted with a carboxamide group at C-5 and a methyl group at N-1. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyridinecarboxamide, a pyridone and a member of methylpyridines. 
it is a new and relatively unique antibiotic used for treatment of community acquired pneumonia. it has not been linked to an increased rate of transient serum liver test abnormalities during treatment or to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a benzenetriol carrying hydroxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 4. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is butanoic acid substituted by an amino group at position 2 and a hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a it compound with a monophosphate group at the 3'-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a it and a purine ribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a guanosine 3'-monophosphate(2-). 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion comprising an anilinium ion core having three methyl substituents on the aniline nitrogen, and a 3-[(dimethylcarbamoyl)oxy] substituent at position 3. It is a parasympathomimetic which acts as a reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an antidote to curare poisoning. it is a parasympathomimetic agent that acts as a reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. 
it is a monomethoxybenzene that is the N-desmethyl derivative of venlafaxine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a member of cyclohexanols, a monomethoxybenzene and a secondary amino compound. 
it appears as a white solid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is an 18-carbon primary aliphatic amine. It has a role as a film-forming compound. 
it is a Î²2 adrenergic agonist sold under the trade name, Zilmax, produced by Intervet, a subsidiary of Merck & Co. it is typically fed to cattle in the last three to six weeks of life with a brief washout period to clear the drug from the tissues before slaughter. 
it is an oxopentanoic acid with the oxo group in the 4-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and an oxopentanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-oxopentanoate. 
it is an oxopurine that is 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trionesubstituted by methyl groups at N-1 and N-3. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is testosterone in which the 17beta hydrogen is replaced by an ethynyl group. it was the first orally active progestin and is a metabolite of danazol. It has a role as a progestin and a drug metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a testosterone. 
it appears as white solid or heated colorless liquid. Has no odor. Liquid solidifies in cool water. Solid and liquid sink in water. (USCG, 1999) 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. A lachrymator: vapors are very irritating to the eyes. Has a floral odor. Used as a riot control agent. 
it is a lipid-permeable tacrolimus analogue and a protein dimerizer. It was designed to overcome limitations of current cellular immunotherapies used for cancer and other blood disorders by enhancing the control of the immune cell activity and function. When administered via chemically-inducible dimerization (CID) technologies, it binds to switch proteins and dimerizes them, triggering downstream signaling cascade. The combination use of it with immunotherapies for enhanced therapeutic effectiveness is currently under investigation. it is a lipid-permeable tacrolimus analogue with homodimerizing activity. Dimerizer drug it homodimerizes an analogue of human protein FKBP12 (Fv) which contains a single acid substitution (Phe36Val) so that it binds to wild-type FKBP12 with 1000-fold lower affinity. This agent is used to homodimerize the Fv-containing drug-binding domains of genetically engineered receptors such as the iCD40 receptor of the autologous dendritic cell vaccine BP-GMAX-CD1, resulting in receptor activation. 
it appears as needles (from water) or white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a chlorobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid in which the ring hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 are substituted by chloro groups. It is a chlorobenzoic acid and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a white crystalline solid with an odor of vinegar. Sensitive to light. Density 3.25 g / cm3. Toxic by inhalation (dust, etc.) and by ingestion. 
DT8 is an oligonucleotide comprised of eight thymidine residues connected via 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. It has a role as an epitope. It contains a thymidine 5'-monophosphate residue. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 is substituted by a 4-[(2-oxocyclopentyl)methyl]phenyl group. A prodrug that is rapidly converted into its active trans-alcohol metabolite following oral administration. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of cyclopentanones. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the L-stereoisomer of it. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It derives from a L-sorbose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it. 
it, also known as cyclogallipharaol or tetrahydro-anacardol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-hydroxy-4-unsubstituted benzenoids. These are phenols that are unsubstituted at the 4-position. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an odorless viscous clear colorless to amber-brown liquid. (NTP, 1992) it is a triglyceride obtained by acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by octanoic acid. Used as an alternative energy source to glucose for patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a plant metabolite. It is a triglyceride and an octanoate ester. 
it is an amino acid amide in which 2-[ethyl(propyl)amino]butanoic acid and 2,6-dimethylaniline have combined to form the amide bond. Used as a local anaesthetic (amide caine), it has rapid onset and long action properties, similar to bupivacaine, and is given by injection during surgical procedures and during labour and delivery. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. 
it is an organofluorine compound. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic. It derives from a methoxyethane. it is a fluorinated ether with general anesthetic and muscle relaxant activities. Although the exact mechanism of action has not been established, inhaled it, appears to act on the lipid matrix of the neuronal cell membrane, which results in disruption of neuronal transmission. This agent enhances the release of the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), thereby increasing the activity of the inhibitory neurotransmitter on synaptic transmission. it may also both inhibit glutamatergic excitatory transmission by increasing glutamate re-uptake, and potentiate glycine receptor activity, which decreases motor function. In addition, it may alter certain pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin-6 and -10 (IL-6, IL-10), possibly through the activation of the nuclear factor kappa B (NF-KB) pathway, which may affect immune responses during surgery. 
it is a fatty acid ester that is the butyl ester of stearic acid. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is a methyl ketone in which the keto group is attached to a 2-(2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-1-en-1-yl)ethyl group. It has a role as a member of oxidized luciferins. It is a methyl ketone and a Latia luciferin. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Contact may slightly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be slightly toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. it is an aromatic alcohol that is ethanol substituted by a phenyl group at position 1. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a fruity and minty taste. 
it is a member of the class of thromboxanes B that is (5Z,13E)-thromboxa-5,13-dien-1-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 9, 11 and 15. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Narphen is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a member of the class of hexadecen-1-ols that is hexadecanol containing a double bond located at position 9 (the Z-geoisomer). It has a role as an epitope. 
it is a member of the class of pyrroles carrying chloro and 2-amino-3-chlorophenyl substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an androgen antagonist. It is an indole alkaloid, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of pyrroles and a substituted aniline. 
it is the S-adenosyl derivative of methioninamine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a sulfonium compound and a member of adenosines. It derives from a 3-methylthiopropylamine. It is a conjugate base of a S-adenosylmethioninaminium. 
it is a doubly-charged N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid anion resulting from deprotonation of both carboxy groups of N-formyl-L-glutamic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid anion. It derives from a L-glutamate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a N-formyl-L-glutamic acid. 
it is a nitrosamine that is N-nitrosodiethylamine in which one of the ethyl froups has been replaced by a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It is used to induce renal and liver tumours in rodents. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a nitrosamine and a primary alcohol. It derives from a N-nitrosodiethylamine. 
Piperacillin is an extended spectrum ureidopenicillin and is used to treat moderate-to-severe infections due to susceptible organisms. Piperacillin has been linked with idiosyncratic liver injury, but only rarely and in isolated case reports. 
it is the O-phospho derivative of glycolic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a glycolic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-phosphonatoglycolate(3-) and a 2-it. 
it is trianionic form of pyrroloquinoline quinone arising from deprotonation of the three carboxy groups. It has a role as a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a pyrroloquinoline quinone. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a itcillin(2-). itcillin Disodium is the disodium salt form of itcillin, a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. Similar to carbenicillin in action, itcillin inactivates the penicillin-sensitive transpeptidase C-terminal domain by opening the lactam ring. This inactivation prevents the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan strands, thereby inhibiting the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to incomplete bacterial cell wall synthesis and eventually causes cell lysis. 
it is a percutaneous enhancer. Upon application to the skin, it interacts with lipids in the stratum corneum and may enhance the ability of the skin to absorb a hydrophilic chemical. 
it is a prostaglandin Falpha that is the isopropyl ester prodrug of it free acid. Used in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug, an antihypertensive agent, an EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a prostaglandins Falpha, a triol and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a it free acid. it is a prostaglandin F2alpha analogue and a prostanoid selective FP receptor agonist with an ocular hypertensive effect. it increases uveoscleral outflow and thereby reduces intraocular pressure. 
it is an ethylenediamine derivative that is ethylenediamine in which one of the amino nitrogens is substituted by two methyl groups and the remaining amino nitrogen is substituted by a 4-methoxybenzyl and a pyridin-2-yl group. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist. It is an ethylenediamine derivative and an aromatic ether. 
it is a nonabsorbed bile acid sequestrant that is used a therapy of hyperlipidemia and for the pruritus of chronic liver disease and biliary obstruction. it has been associated with mild and transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but has not been linked to cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. it is an anion exchange resin with hypolipidemic activity. it resin adsorbs and combines with bile acids in the intestine to form an insoluble complex, which is then excreted in the feces, resulting in an increased oxidation of cholesterol to bile acids, a decrease in low density lipoprotein in the plasma, and a decrease in serum cholesterol levels. 
N-Arachidonoyl glycine, also known as nagly or ema-1 20:4, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. Thus, N-arachidonoyl glycine is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. N-Arachidonoyl glycine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. N-Arachidonoyl glycine has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, N-arachidonoyl glycine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). N-Arachidonoyl glycine can be biosynthesized from arachidonic acid. 
it is the D-enantiomer of ornithine. It is an intermediate metabolite produced in the urea cycle. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an ornithine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a D-ornithinium(1+). It is an enantiomer of a L-ornithine. 
it is an sulfonylurea with structural variation to glibenclamide, in which 2-methoxy-5-chlorobenzyl is replaced by a cyclic acyl group, with hypoglycemic activity. it also exerts peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma) agonistic activity. 
One of the short-acting SULFONAMIDES used in combination with PYRIMETHAMINE to treat toxoplasmosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and in newborns with congenital infections. 
it is a colorless, flammable and poisonous gas, with a strong repulsive odor. It is easily ignited in air, reacts with oxidizing agents, is very toxic by inhalation, and is a strong irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. it is lighter than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is used in the production of amorphous silicon. it is the simplest it, consisting of a single silicon atom carrying four hydrogens. It is a member of its and a mononuclear parent hydride. 
it is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of (R)-it, obtained by protonation of the priamry amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-it. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-ylacetic acid with the anilino group of (1R)-2-{[2-(4-aminophenyl)ethyl]amino}-1-phenylethanol. Used for the treatment of overactive bladder syndrome. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, an aromatic amide, a member of ethanolamines and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is an orally bioavailable agonist of the human beta-3 adrenergic receptor (ADRB3), with muscle relaxing, neuroprotective and potential antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, it binds to and activates ADRB3, which leads to smooth muscle relaxation. it also restores sympathetic stimulation in mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) niches, inhibits JAK2-mutated hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) expansion and blocks the progression of myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs). Lack of sympathetic stimulation of the MSC and HSC niche is associated with the development of MPNs. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Temsirolimus is an ester analog of rapamycin. Temsirolimus binds to and inhibits the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), resulting in decreased expression of mRNAs necessary for cell cycle progression and arresting cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. mTOR is a serine/threonine kinase which plays a role in the PI3K/AKT pathway that is upregulated in some tumors. 
Saccharin, sodium salt appears as odorless white crystals or crystalline powder. Aqueous solution is neutral or alkaline to litmus, but not alkaline to phenolphthalein. Effloresces in dry air. Intensely sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a C-nitro compound that is chlorobenzene carrying a nitro substituent at each of the 2- and 4-positions. It has a role as an epitope, an allergen and a sensitiser. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is an aromatic hydrocarbon composed of a benzene ring linked to two nitro groups and one chloride with potential use as an indicator for glutathione S-transferase (GST) activity, in the evaluation of T-cell immunocompetence, and as a treatment for warts. The chloride group of dinitrochlorobenzene (it) is susceptible to nucleophilic substitution and is a target for GST-dependent glutathione conjugation in vitro; upon conjugation of the thiol group of glutathione to the it substrate, there is an increase in the absorbance at 340 nm, which permits an indirect quantitation of GST activity in a sample. it induces a type IV hypersensitivity reaction in most patients; therefore, exposure to it can yield an indirect measurement of T-cell activity in a patient and immunocompromised patients may demonstrate decreased hypersensitivity toward it. Following direct application to a wart, it induces an allergic inflammatory response that may cure the viral infection that caused the wart. 
Iodipamide Meglumine is the meglumine salt form of iodipamide, a tri-iodinated benzoate derivative and an ionic dimeric contrast agent used in diagnostic imaging. When administered in vivo, iodipamide is removed from the liver and secreted into the biliary tract. Like other organic iodine compounds, this agent blocks x-ray and appears opaque on x-ray film; thereby it enhances the visibility of the bile ducts and gallbladder during cholangiography and cholecystography procedures. 
6-bromo-2-naphthyl beta-D-glucoside is a beta-D-glucoside that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 6-bromo-2-naphthyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an organobromine compound, a member of naphthalenes and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a 6-bromo-2-naphthol. 
it is a tetrahydropterin that is monapterin tetrahydrogenated at positions 5, 6, 7 and 8. It has a role as a cofactor. It is a tetrahydropterin and a member of neopterins. 
Quinidine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of quinidine, an alkaloid with antimalarial and antiarrhythmic (Class la) properties. Quinidine sulfate exerts its anti-malarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the hemepolymer (hemozoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. Quinidine sulfate exerts its antiarrhythmic effects by depressing the flow of sodium ions into cells during phase 0 of the cardiac action potential, thereby slowing the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node, reducing the rate of phase 0 depolarization and prolonging the refractory period. Quinidine sulfate also reduces the slope of phase 4 depolarization in Purkinje-fibres resulting in slowed conduction and reduced automaticity in the heart. Quinidine is an alkaloid extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree with class 1A antiarrhythmic and antimalarial effects. Quinidine stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses resulting in an increase of the threshold for excitation and decreased depolarization during phase 0 of the action potential. In addition, the effective refractory period (ERP), action potential duration (APD), and ERP/APD ratios are increased, resulting in decreased conduction velocity of nerve impulses. Quinidine exerts its antimalarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the heme polymer (hemazoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. 
Macrolide antibiotic obtained from cultures of Streptomyces fradiae. The drug is effective against many microorganisms in animals but not in humans. 
it is an orally bioavailable, selective antagonist of the endothelin type-A (ETA) receptor that may be used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Upon administration, it targets and binds to ETA receptor, which prevents the binding of endothelin-1 (ET-1) to the ETA receptor and ET-1/ETA-mediated vasoconstriction and cell proliferation. This may lead to vasodilation. ET-1 concentrations are increased in plasma as well as lung tissue in PAH, and ET-1 may play a key role in the pathogenesis of PAH. 
CDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-glucose is a CDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose in which the anomeric centre of the deoxyglucose fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a CDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a CDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-glucose(2-). 
it is an alpha-amino acid having a 2-chloro-2-propenyl group at the alpha-position and L-configuration. It is an organochlorine compound and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from a pent-4-enoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-2-amino-4-chloropent-4-enoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene which is substituted at position 6 by a carboxylic acid group. It is a member of tetralins and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it appears as a colorless to dark-colored liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an optically active form of it having L-configuration. It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an it and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-ornithinium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a L-ornithinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. Ornithine is a naturally occurring amino acid found in meat, fish, dairy and eggs. Ornithine is one of the key reactants in the urea cycle that is responsible for 80% of the nitrogen excretion in the body. Ornithine enhances liver function and helps detoxify harmful substances. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining equimolar amounts of levobunolol and hydrochloric acid. A non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist used for treatment of glaucoma. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist and an antiglaucoma drug. It contains a levobunolol(1+). Levobunolol Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of levobunolol, a naphthalenone and non-cardioselective adrenergic beta-receptor antagonist with anti-glaucoma activity. Upon administration in the eye, levobunolol blocks beta-adrenergic receptors, thereby causing vasoconstriction. Levobunolol also decreases ciliary's body production of aqueous humor, leading to a decrease in aqueous humor. 
it is a dibenzoazepine (specifically 1,2,3,4,10,14b-hexahydrodibenzo[c,f]pyrazino[1,2-a]azepine) methyl-substituted on N-2. Closely related to (and now mostly superseded by) the tetracyclic antidepressant mirtazapinean, it is an atypical antidepressant used in the treatment of depression throughout Europe and elsewhere. It has a role as an antidepressant, a histamine agonist, a sedative, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that results from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of biotin with the N(6)-amino group of L-lysine. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an azabicycloalkane, a thiabicycloalkane, a member of ureas, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-lysine derivative. It derives from a biotin. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavone that is puerarin substituted by an alpha-D-xylopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It is a C-glycosyl compound, a hydroxyisoflavone and a glycosyloxyisoflavone. It derives from a puerarin. 
it is a monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitor with antidepressant activity. it selectively inhibits MAO type B, an enzyme catalyzing the oxidative deamination and inactivation of certain catecholamines, such as norepinephrine and dopamine, within the presynaptic nerve terminals. By inhibiting the metabolism of these biogenic amines in the brain, it increases their concentration and binding to postsynaptic receptors. Increased receptor stimulation may cause downregulation of central receptors which may attribute to it's antidepressant effect. 
2-Methoxybenzene-1, 4-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 2-Methoxybenzene-1, 4-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
A non-essential amino acid. It is found primarily in gelatin and silk fibroin and used therapeutically as a nutrient. It is also a fast inhibitory neurotransmitter. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by the formal condensation of 1H-benzimidazole and 2,4-dichlorobenzoic acid. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of benzamides and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a 2,4-dichlorobenzoic acid and a 1H-benzimidazole. 
Kaempferol-3-rutinoside is a kaempferol O-glucoside that is kaempferol attached to a rutinosyl [6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannosyl-(1->6)-beta-D-glucosyl] residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has been isolated from the leaves of Solanum campaniforme. It has a role as a metabolite, a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. It is a rutinoside, a trihydroxyflavone, a disaccharide derivative and a kaempferol O-glucoside. 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is daidzein substituted by a 6-O-(carboxyacetyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone, a glycosyloxyisoflavone, a malonate ester and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a daidzein 7-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid with a structure in which a vinyl group is bonded to the alpha-carbon of glycine. It has a role as an EC 4.4.1.14 (1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylate synthase) inhibitor. It is a glycine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the propionate salt form of halobetasol, a synthetic corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictor activities. Halobetasol, a topical steroid, diffuses across cell membranes to interact with cytoplasmic corticosteroid receptors located in both the dermal and intradermal cells, thereby activating gene expression of anti-inflammatory proteins mediated via corticosteroid receptor response element. Specifically, this agent induces phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, which inhibit the release of arachidonic acid, thereby inhibiting the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation, such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. As a result, halobetasol reduces edema, erythema, and pruritus through its cutaneous effects on vascular dilation and permeability. 
it is a spirocyclic that is 1-oxa-7-azaspiro[4.4]non-2-ene-4,6-dione bearing 1,2-dihydroxyhex-3-en-1-yl, methyl, methoxy, benzoyl and hydroxy substituents at positions 2, 3, 8, 8 and 9 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an azaspiro compound, an oxaspiro compound and a lactam. 
it is an isocyanate that is diphenylmethane with a isocyanato substituent at the 4-position of one phenyl ring and a methyl group at the 4-position of the other. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylmorpholines. These are aromatic compounds containing a morpholine ring and a benzene ring linked to each other through a CC or a CN bond. This drug targets mitogen-activated protein kinase 14. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxy-dihydrochalcones. These are organic compounds containing dihydrochalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid that is heptanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It derives from a heptanoic acid. 
it is a topical astringent that is used as an antiseptic agent. it is used to treat inflammation, itching, and stinging of the infected skin and promotes healing. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is substituted by a 2-hydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite, a fungal xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(2-hydroxyphenyl)propanoate. 
it is an imidazo[2,1-i]purine. It has a role as a mutagen. It derives from an adenine. It is a tautomer of a it. 
{2-[4-(4-chloro-1, 2-diphenylbut-1-en-1-yl)phenoxy]ethyl}(methyl)amine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. {2-[4-(4-chloro-1, 2-diphenylbut-1-en-1-yl)phenoxy]ethyl}(methyl)amine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Ubiquinones is any benzoquinone derived from 2,3-dimethoxy-5-methylbenzoquinone; one of a group of naturally occurring homologues. The redox-active quinoid moiety usually carries a polyprenoid side chain at position 6, the number of isoprenoid units in which is species-specific. Ubiquinones are involved in the control of mitochondrial electron transport, and are also potent anti-oxidants. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a prenylquinone and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. It derives from a 2,3-dihydroxy-5-methyl-1,4-benzoquinone. 
it is an organochlorine pesticide having a 3,6-dichlorinated 4-aminopicolinic acid structure. It has a role as a herbicide. It is an organochlorine pesticide, a member of pyridines and an aromatic amine. It derives from a picolinic acid. 
it appears as a colorless, nonflammable, corrosive and toxic gas with a pungent odor similar to that of hydrochloric acid. Very toxic by inhalation. Vapor is heavier than air. Under prolonged exposure to heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid consisting of octanoic acid carrying a 7-methyl group. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a muscarinic agonist. It is developed for the treatment of Alzheimerâ€™s disease and has shown the potential to both reduce symptoms and slow disease progression. 
PF-956980 is a pyrrolopyrimidine that is 7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidine substituted at position 4 by a methyl[(3R,4R)-4-methyl-1-(pyrrolidin-1-ylcarbonyl)piperidin-3-yl]nitrilo group. It is a potent JAK3-selective chemical probe. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, a tertiary amino compound, a N-acylpiperidine and a N-acylpyrrolidine. 
it, also known as diacylglycerol(29:0) or DAG(12:0/17:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2-diacylglycerols. These are diacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at positions 1 and 2. Thus, it is considered to be a diradylglycerol lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Beta-naphthylamine appears as a white to reddish colored solid in the form of flakes. Slightly soluble in hot water and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make dyes and agricultural chemicals. it is a naphthylamine carrying the amino group at position 2. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. 
Telbivudine is a nucleoside analogue and antiviral inhibitor of hepatitis B virus (HBV) replication which is used alone and in combination with other agents in the therapy of the hepatitis B. Telbivudine does not appear to be a significant cause of drug induced liver injury, but can be associated with flares of the underlying hepatitis B either during therapy or upon withdrawal. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is ergotaman bearing benzyl, hydroxy, and isopropyl groups at the 5', 12' and 2' positions, respectively, and oxo groups at positions 3', 6', and 18. It is a natural ergot alkaloid. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 
it, also known as BRAFTOVI,  is a kinase inhibitor.  it inhibits BRAF gene, which encodes for B-raf protein, which is a proto-oncogene involved in various genetic mutations.  This protein plays a role in regulating the MAP kinase/ERK signaling pathway, which impacts cell division, differentiation, and secretion. Mutations in this gene, most frequently the V600E mutation, are the most commonly identified cancer-causing mutations in melanoma, and have been isolated in various other cancers as well, including non-Hodgkin lymphoma, colorectal cancer, thyroid carcinoma, non-small cell lung carcinoma, hairy cell leukemia and adenocarcinoma of the lung.  On June 27, 2018, the Food and Drug Administration approved it and [Binimetinib] (BRAFTOVI and MEKTOVI, Array BioPharma Inc.) in combination for patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAF V600E or V600K mutation, as detected by an FDA-approved test. it is an orally available Raf kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically inhibits Raf kinase, a serine/threonine enzyme in the RAF/mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MEK)/extracellular signal-related kinase (ERK) signaling pathway. By inhibiting the activation of the RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway, the administration of it may result in a decrease in proliferation of tumor cells. The Raf mutation BRAF V600E is frequently upregulated in a variety of human tumors and results in the constitutive activation of the RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway that regulates cellular proliferation and survival. 
it, also known as C7H7NO or fema 3424, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a liquid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, dry, and hawthorn taste. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
Bolandiol dipropionate is a steroid ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of propanoic acid with the 3beta and 17beta hydroxy groups of bolandiol. It is a diester, an anabolic androgenic steroid and a steroid ester. It derives from a bolandiol. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Vapors may be narcotic and irritating in high concentrations. Used as a solvent and to make perfumes. 
it is synthetic small interfering RNA (siRNA) molecule directed against 5-aminolevulinic acid synthase that is used to treat acute hepatic porphyria. it has been linked to mild-to-moderate ALT elevations during therapy, but has not been linked to instances of idiosyncratic acute liver injury with symptoms and jaundice. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-aspartic acid units. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid aldehyde, an intermedediate in the biosynthesis of artemisinin from artemisinic alcohol in Artemisia annua. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, an aldehyde and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
it is a heteropentacyclic isoquinoline alkaloid having a tertiary amino bridging group. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a tertiary amine and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 
it is an organic sodium salt derivative of toluene-4-sulfonamide with a chloro substituent in place of an amino hydrogen. It has a role as an antifouling biocide, a disinfectant and an allergen. It contains a chloro(p-tolylsulfonyl)azanide. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is phenylalanine in which the phenyl ring is methylated at positions 2, 4 and 6. It is a phenylalanine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is an oxysterol that is the 22R-hydroxy derivative of cholesterol. It is a 22-hydroxy steroid, an oxysterol and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is a tetracarboxylic acid that is an optically active twelve-membered tetraazamacrocycle having a carboxymethyl group attached to each of the nitrogens and a 4-nitrobenzyl group at the 2-position. It has a role as an epitope. It is an azamacrocycle, a tetracarboxylic acid and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a DOTA. 
it is a D-tryptophan derivative obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of D-tryptophan with the amino group of (quinoxalin-6-yl)methylidenehydrazide. It directly targets the Rho GEF binding domain, thereby preventing Rho from interacting with its GEFs It has a role as a RhoA inhibitor, a RhoC inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a D-tryptophan derivative, a quinoxaline derivative and a hydrazone. 
N-cyclopropyl-4-[4-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1-methylpiperidin-4-yl)-1-propylimidazol-5-yl]pyrimidin-2-amine is a member of the class of piperidinylimidazoles that is 1-methyl-4-(1-propylimidazol-2-yl)piperidine carrying additional 3,4-dichlorophenyl and 2-(cyclopropylamino)pyrimidin-4-yl substituents at positions 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as a c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitor. It is an aminopyrimidine, a piperidinylimidazole, a dichlorobenzene, a member of cyclopropanes and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of two L-cysteine units joined to two L-histidine units by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-cysteine and a L-histidine. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylquinolines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a quinoline moiety substituted with a phenyl group. This substance targets the protein renin. 
1-it is an aralkylamino compound that is benzylamine substituted by a methoxy group at the para position. It is a primary amino compound, an aromatic ether and an aralkylamino compound. 
ite is a pyridine alkaloid that is nicotine lacking the methyl group on the pyrrolidine nitrogen. It has a role as a metabolite and a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is a pyridine alkaloid and a pyrrolidine alkaloid. It derives from a hydride of a nicotine. 
Penicillin G and V are first generation penicillins that are used widely to treat infections due to susceptible organisms and have been linked rarely and only weakly with idiosyncratic liver injury. 
it, which was formerly known as mithramycin, is an antibiotic that is used as an anticancer agent in the therapy of testicular and germ cell cancers. it causes acute hepatic injury that arises within days of starting therapy, but is usually transient and asymptomatic and rarely leads to jaundice. it has not been approved for use as cancer chemotherapy in the United States, but continues to be used on an investigational basis. it is an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces plicatus with antineoplastic activity. it, also known as mithramycin, binds to the minor groove of DNA at GC-rich sites, resulting in inhibition of RNA synthesis; this agent also inhibits mRNA expression, resulting in a reduction in protein synthesis. In addition, it may inhibit bone resorption by down regulating transcription of c-src, an oncogene involved in bone metabolism and resorption. (NCI04) 
it is an indole alkaloid that is fumitremorgin C substituted at positions 12 and 13 by hydroxy groups. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and a diol. It derives from a fumitremorgin C. 
it is 2,1,3-Benzothiadiazole substituted at C-4 by a Delta(1)-imidazolin-2-ylamino group and at C-4 by a chloro group. It is an agonist at alpha2-adrenergic receptor sites. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist and a muscle relaxant. It is a benzothiadiazole and a member of imidazoles. 
it is the anion obtained from global deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of myo-inositol 1,3,4,5,6-pentakisphosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a myo-inositol 1,3,4,5,6-pentakisphosphate. 
it appears as colorless crystals. Non corrosive. Insoluble in water. Used as an herbicide. it is an N-sulfonylurea that is N-carbamoyl-2-chlorobenzenesulfonamide in which one of the hydrogens attached to the non-sulfonylated nitrogen has been replaced by a 4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl group. A herbicide used for the control of broadleaf weeds in wheat, barley and oats. It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is a N-sulfonylurea, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a deep brown to yellow liquid with a faint odor of garlic. It is an organic phosphate insecticide which acts as an inhibitor of cholinesterase, and as such it is highly toxic by all routes of exposure. It may be found as a liquid or as a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. it is an organic itphate, a C-nitro compound and an organoitphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an avicide and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
Ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl diphosphate(3-) is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the trianion of ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl diphosphate. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a ditrans,polycis-polyprenyl diphosphate(3-). It is a conjugate base of a ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl diphosphate. 
it is an aminopyridine that is pyridin-4-amine substituted by chloro groups at positions 3 and 5, a fluoro group at position 6 and a carboxymethoxy group at position 2. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a herbicide. It is an aminopyridine, an organochlorine compound, an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid and an organofluorine compound. 
it is a diterpene lactone isolated from Podocarpus latifolius and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against activator protein 1 (AP-1). It has a role as a metabolite and an AP-1 antagonist. It is a gamma-lactone, a delta-lactone, a diterpene lactone and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is a 1-(phosphoribosyl)imidazolecarboxamide. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as terminal alkynes. These are alkynes featuring a carbon substituent on one acetylenic carbon, and a hydrogen on the other carbon. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 9-icosyne is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 9-icosyne can be found in green vegetables. This makes 9-icosyne a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is N,N-dimethyl-2-oxoacetamide substituted by a 2-acetyl-2-methyl-1-phenylhydrazinyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the drug aminopyrine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a carbohydrazide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as hexanoyl. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-hexanoylglycinate. 
Lemon yellow leaflets or plates or an orange powder. Melting point 176-181Â°C. No odor or taste. Insoluble in water. Moderately toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used as a treatment for psoriasis. it is an anthracene compound derived by the substitution of -OH groups for hydrogen at C-1 and C-8, and with an oxo group at C-9. It has a role as an antipsoriatic. It derives from an anthrone. It is a tautomer of an anthracene-1,8,9-triol. it is a natural anthraquinone derivative, anti-psoriatic and anti-inflammatory it (it) controls skin growth by reducing DNA synthesis and mitotic activity in the hyperplastic epidermis, restoring a normal rate of cell proliferation and keratinization. Used topically in the treatment of psoriasis, dermatoses, and alopecia areata, it is also used in biomedical research due to its effect on EGFR autophosphorylation. (NCI04) 
it is a stilbenol that consists of trans-stilbene bearing a hydroxy group at position 4 as well as two methoxy substituents at positions 3' and 5'. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent and a neurotransmitter. It derives from a hydride of a trans-stilbene. : A naturally-derived stilbenoid structurally related to resveratrol, with potential antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, pro-apoptotic, antineoplastic and cytoprotective activities. Upon administration, it exerts its anti-oxidant activity by scavenging reactive oxygen species (ROS), thereby preventing oxidative stress and ROS-induced cell damage. It may also activate the nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-mediated pathway and increase the expression of various antioxidant enzymes, such as superoxide dismutase (SOD). In addition, it is able to inhibit inflammation by reducing the expression of various inflammatory mediators, such as interleukin (IL) 1beta, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-a), inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), cyclooxygenases (COX), and nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kB). It also inhibits or prevents the activation of many signaling pathways involved in carcinogenesis, and increases expression of various tumor suppressor genes while decreasing expression of certain tumor promoting genes. It also directly induces apoptosis in tumor cells. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 2, an ethyl group at position 4, a hydroxy group at position 7 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is a member of chromenes, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. 
Dioscorine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as azaspirodecane derivatives. These are organic compounds containing a spirodecane moiety with at least one nitrogen atom. Dioscorine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, dioscorine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, dioscorine can be found in root vegetables. This makes dioscorine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Oxazole derivative that acts as an agonist for ALPHA-2 ADRENERGIC RECEPTORS and IMIDAZOLINE RECEPTORS. It is used in the treatment of HYPERTENSION. 
it is a pyridinecarbaldehyde that is pyridine-4-carbaldehyde bearing methyl, hydroxy and hydroxymethyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 5 respectively. The 4-carboxyaldehyde form of vitamin B6, it is converted into it phosphate, a coenzyme for the synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters, sphingolipids and aminolevulinic acid. It has a role as a cofactor, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a vitamin B6, a pyridinecarbaldehyde, a member of methylpyridines, a monohydroxypyridine and a hydroxymethylpyridine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Virus Diseases, Nutritional Status, Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive, and Infections, Respiratory Syncytial Virus. 
Ethyl 3, 4, 5-trimethoxybenzoate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gallic acid and derivatives. Gallic acid and derivatives are compounds containing a 3, 4, 5-trihydroxybenzoic acid moiety. Ethyl 3, 4, 5-trimethoxybenzoate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ethyl 3, 4, 5-trimethoxybenzoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a cholestanoid that is cholesta-5,24-diene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It is an intermediate metabolite obtained during the synthesis of cholesterol. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a cholestanoid, a C27-steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. 
it is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is dihydrochalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2' and 6' and a methoxy group at position 4' respectively. It has a role as an antiplasmodial drug and a radical scavenger. It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a polyphenol and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a dihydrochalcone. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as chlorobenzenes. Chlorobenzenes are compounds containing one or more chlorine atoms attached to a benzene moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a yellow-brown liquid with an unpleasant odor. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a monocarboxylic acid that consists of acetic acid bearing a cyano substituent. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid compound having methylselanylmethyl as the side-chain. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a it, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-selenocysteine derivative. It is a conjugate base of a Se-methyl-L-selenocysteinium. It is a conjugate acid of a Se-methyl-L-selenocysteinate. It is an enantiomer of a Se-methyl-D-selenocysteine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a primary alcohol, being cinnamyl alcohol hydroxylated at C-4 and methoxylated at C-3 and -5. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a primary alcohol, a member of phenols and a dimethoxybenzene. It derives from a cinnamyl alcohol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazoles. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member aromatic ring made up of one sulfur atom, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a long-chain alkane that is heptadecane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 6, 10 and 15. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. 
it is a spiro compound that is spiro[4.5]dec-6-ene which is substituted at positions 2, 6, 8, and 10 by isopropenyl, methyl, hydroxy, and methyl groups, respectively (the (2R,5S,8S,10R)-diastereoisomer). It is a sesquiterpenoid, a secondary alcohol and a spiro compound. 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid isolated from Berberis coletioides. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is a cephalosporin with acetoxymethyl and 2(pyridin-4-ylsulfanyl)acetamido substituents at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. It is used (as its sodium salt) as an antibiotic, being effective against gram-negative and gram-positive organisms. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is (2S)-2-ethoxy-3-(p-ethoxyphenyl)propanoic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens of the p-ethoxy substituent has been replaced by the nitrogen of 2-methyl-5-[4-(methylthio)phenyl]-1H-pyrrole. An agonist at the subtypes alpha and gamma of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) with predominant PPARalpha activity, it is used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It has a role as a PPARgamma agonist, a hypoglycemic agent and a PPARalpha agonist. It is a member of pyrroles, a monocarboxylic acid, a methyl sulfide and an aromatic ether. 
Ammonium molybdate is a source of molybdenum that exists in several hydrate forms. It is intravenously administered as an additive to solutions for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN). Molybdenum is an essential element that is present in enzymes including xanthine oxidase, sulfite oxidase, and aldehyde oxidase. 
Methyl alpha-D-galactoside is an alpha-D-galactoside having a methyl substituent at the anomeric position. It is an alpha-D-galactoside, a methyl D-galactoside and a monosaccharide derivative. 
it is a hydroxamic acid that is L-glutamine hydroxylated at N-5. It is a glutamic acid derivative and a hydroxamic acid. It derives from a L-glutamic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the D-enantiomer of dopa. It is a dopa and a D-tyrosine derivative. It is an enantiomer of a L-dopa. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of 6-ethoxypyridazine with a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 3-position. Generally licensed for veterinary use only against bacterial infections, such as fowl cholera and salmonella infection. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. 
Galactinol, also known as 6 beta-galactinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. Galactinol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Galactinol exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Galactinol can be biosynthesized from D-galactose and myoinositol through its interaction with the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. In humans, galactinol is involved in the galactose metabolism pathway. Galactinol is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the galactosemia pathway. 
it is a monoterpene that is tricyclo[2.2.1.0(2,6)]heptane bearing a three additional methyl substituents (one at position 1 and two at position 7). 
it is a 13-HODE in which the stereocentre at position 13 has S-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as fine white to creamy-white crystalline powder. Odorless or with a faint odor. Melting point 150Â°C. Insoluble in water. Slightly bitter taste. 
ADP-5-ethyl-4-methylthiazole-2-carboxylic acid is an 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid that is ADP in which one of the diphosphate hydrogens has been replaced by a 2-(2-carboxy-4-methyl-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)ethyl group. It derives from an ADP. It is a conjugate acid of an ADP-5-ethyl-4-methylthiazole-2-carboxylate(3-). 
it is a polyene antibiotic that is 2-amino-4,5-dihydroxycyclohex-2-en-1-one in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a by an all-E-6-carboxyhexa-1,3,5-trien-1-yl group; in which the amino group has been acylated by a (2E)-2,4-dimethyloct-2-enoyl group; and in which the carboxy group of the resulting carboxylic acid has been condensed with the amino group of 2-amino-3-hydroxycyclopent-2-en-1-one to give the corresponding carboxamide. it is an antitumour antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces sp. A-230. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol, an enol, a cyclic ketone, a polyene antibiotic, an enone, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a acetone-like odor. Toxic by inhalation. Nonflammable. Emits toxic fumes when heated to high temperatures. Heavier than air. Used as an intermediate in organic synthesis. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is isoflavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' and a prenyl group at position 6. It has been isolated from Ficus mucuso. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antifungal agent. It derives from an isoflavone. 
it appears as a grayish metallic solid that turns black upon exposure to air. Insoluble in water. Toxic by ingestion. it atom is a pnictogen and a metalloid atom. It has a role as a micronutrient. it is a naturally occurring allotropic pnictogen and metalloid trace element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 33, and atomic weight 74.92 that is found in water, air, food, and soil, and has a role as a micronutrient. it, which is highly toxic with acute or chronic exposure to moderate or high levels through an unknown mechanism of action, is used in many industrial processes, as well as in pharmaceuticals, feed additives, and pesticides. It is characterized as a white, yellow, gray metallic, or black solid that is odorless. Exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a slightly bitter crystalline powder. An anticoagulant used as a rodenticide. (EPA, 1998) it is the sodium salt form of warfarin, a coumarin and a vitamin K antagonist, with anticoagulant activity. it inhibits both vitamin K and vitamin K epoxide reductases, thereby interfering with the cyclic interconversion of vitamin K epoxide to its reduced form, vitamin KH2. Vitamin KH2 is a cofactor for the carboxylation of glutamate residues on the N-terminal regions of vitamin K-dependent proteins. As a result, maturation of vitamin K-dependent coagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X and anticoagulant proteins C and S is inhibited. Without these coagulation factors, thrombogenesis and blood clot formation are prevented. 
it is a polyphenol that is 9,10-anthraquinone substituted at positions 1, 3, 6 and 8 by hydroxy groups and at position 2 by a 1,4-dihydroxybutan-2-yl group. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a polyphenol and a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone. 
it is a 33-membered polypeptide consisting of His, Gly, Asp, Gly, Ser, Phe, Ser, Asp, Glu, Met, Asn, Thr, Ile, Leu, Asp, Asn, Leu, Ala, Ala, Arg, Asp, Phe, Ile, Asn, Trp, Leu, Ile, Gln, Thr, Lys, Ile, Thr and Asp residues joined in sequence. A glucagon-like peptide-2 receptor agonist used for the treatment of short-bowel syndrome. It has a role as a glucagon-like peptide-2 receptor agonist, a metabolite, an antioxidant and a protective agent. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a mandelic acid. 
A cardiotonic glycoside obtained mainly from Digitalis lanata; it consists of three sugars and the aglycone DIGOXIGENIN. Digoxin has positive inotropic and negative chronotropic activity. It is used to control ventricular rate in ATRIAL FIBRILLATION and in the management of congestive heart failure with atrial fibrillation. Its use in congestive heart failure and sinus rhythm is less certain. The margin between toxic and therapeutic doses is small. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p666) 
it is a hydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 4 is substituted by a formyl group. It is a member of phenols, an aldehyde and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a meaty and pungent taste. 
it is a 2-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxyphenoxy)propyl carbamate that has S configuration. Both (R)- and it have muscle relaxant properties, with the (R)-enantiomer being more active than the (S)-enantiomer. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-methocarbamol. 
it is a hydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of mesalamine, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a hydroxybenzoate and an aminobenzoate. It derives from a salicylate. It is a conjugate base of a mesalamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as primary carboxylic acid amides. Primary carboxylic acid amides are compounds comprising primary carboxylic acid amide functional group, with the general structure RC(=O)NH2. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an aprotoxin having the common aprotoxin cyclodepsipeptide skeleton where the isoleucyl residue carries an N-methyl substituent and the side-chain adjacent to the lactone is (2R)-4,4-dimethylpentan-2-yl. It is isolateed from Lyngbya majuscula and Lyngbya sordida and exhibits anticancer properties. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 
it is a gallate ester obtained by the formal condensation of gallic acid with methanol. It exhibits anti-oxidant, anti-tumor, anti-microbial and anti-inflammatory properties. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and an antioxidant. 
it is a member of the class of ergot alkaloids that is known to act on serotonin and dopamine receptors. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a dopamine agonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It is an ergot alkaloid and a member of sulfamides. It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 
it is a non-nuceoside polymerase inhibitor with activity against hepatitis C virus (HCV). it binds to the palm site II pocket of HCV NS5B polymerase and inhibits viral genome replication. 
it is hexaanion of 1D-myo-inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate arising from glabal deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 1D-myo-inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate. 
it is an acylcholine in which the acyl group specified is sinapoyl. It has a role as a photosynthetic electron-transport chain inhibitor, an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It derives from a trans-sinapic acid. 
The glycopeptide antibiotics are semisynthetic macromolecules that are structurally related to vancomycin and have antibacterial activity against several gram positive organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Three lipoglycopeptide antibiotics are available for use in the United States: dalbavancin, it and telavancin. All three agents have been associated with transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but they have yet to be linked convincingly to cases of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
Phosphate ester flame retardants are human-made chemicals added to consumer and industrial products for the purpose of reducing flammability. Phosphate ester flame retardants are composed of a group of chemicals with similar properties but slightly different structures. Phosphate esters are typically liquids at room temperature; however, some are solids. 
it is the conjugate acid of methylamine; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a methylamine. 
it is a phosphorothioate antisense oligonucleotide. Targeted to the initiation codon region of the bcl-2 mRNA, it inhibits bcl-2 mRNA translation, resulting in decreased expression of the bcl-2 protein, an apoptotic inhibitor expressed in some types of cancer and linked to tumor drug resistance. This agent may enhance the efficacy of standard cytotoxic chemotherapy. (NCI04) it Sodium is the sodium salt of a phosphorothioate antisense oligonucleotide targeted to the initiation codon region of mRNA for the anti-apoptotic gene Bcl-2. it inhibits Bcl-2 mRNA translation, which may result in decreased expression of the Bcl-2 protein and tumor cell apoptosis. This agent may enhance the efficacy of standard cytotoxic chemotherapy. The anti-apoptotic bcl-2 protein is an integral outer mitochondrial membrane protein (OMMP) that is overexpressed in some cancer cell types and is linked to tumor drug resistance. 
Pentachloronaphthalene appears as pale-yellow to white solid or powder with an aromatic odor. Bp: 327-371Â°C; mp: 120Â°C. Density 1.7 g cm-3. Used in lubricants and in the manufacture of insulation for electrical wire. Presents an environmental danger. If released into the environment, bioaccumulation takes place, specifically in fish. Will persist in the environment causing long-term adverse effects. The halowaxes are technical-grade chlorinated naphthalenes containing pentachloronaphthalene in its various isomers together with (mainly) trichloro- tetrachloro- and hexa-chloronapthalenes in their various isomers. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of formic acid. Induces severe metabolic acidosis and ocular injury in human subjects. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a formic acid. 
Sodium arsenate is a colorless to white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is toxic by ingestion. it is an inorganic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of arsenic acid. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It contains an arsenate(1-). 
it is a polyketide obtained by hydrolysis of the pyranone ring of dihydromonacolin L. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a carbobicyclic compound, a polyketide and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It derives from a dihydromonacolin L. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydromonacolin L carboxylate. 
it is an organic cation that is phenothiazin-5-ium substituted by dimethylamino groups at positions 3 and 7. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'methylene blue'. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,7-bis(dimethylamino)phenothiazine. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid that is hexanoic acid substituted at position 5 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-hydroxyhexanoate. 
it is the D-enantiomer of tryptophan. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a tryptophan and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a itium. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. It is an enantiomer of a L-tryptophan. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it, also known as S-1-methylethyl 3-methylbut-2-enethioate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl thioesters. These are thioester derivatives of a fatty acid with the general formula RC(=O)SR', where R is the fatty acyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, S-isopropyl 3-methylbut-2-enethioate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an alliaceous, galbanum, and green taste. 
Fenoprofen calcium is the dihydrate form of the calcium salt of fenoprofen. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it is used for the management of mild to moderate pain and for the relief of pain and inflammation associated with disorders such as arthritis. It is pharmacologically similar to aspirin, but causes less gastrointestinal bleeding. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, an antipyretic and a non-narcotic ait. It contains a fenoprofen calcium (anhydrous). Fenoprofen Calcium is the calcium salt form of fenoprofen, a propionic acid derivative with ait, non-steroidal antiinflammatory and antirheumatic properties. Fenoprofen inhibits both isozymes of cyclooxygenase; resulting in prostaglandin synthesis inhibition, thereby blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins. In addition, fenoprofen activate both peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR)-alpha and -gamma, by which it may down-regulate leukotriene B4 production. 
it is a hydroxytryptophan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 on the indole ring. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 
Heptyl cyclohexane carboxylic acid, also known as cyclohexyl octanoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Heptyl cyclohexane carboxylic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Heptyl cyclohexane carboxylic acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and urine. Within the cell, heptyl cyclohexane carboxylic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it, also known as -methyl-5-acetylthiophene or 1-(5-methyl-2-thienyl)-ethanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it-1 appears as colorless to pale yellow crystals or white powder. Exhibits blue fluorescence. (NTP, 1992) it is an aflatoxin having a tetrahydrocyclopenta[c]furo[3',2':4,5]furo[2,3-h]chromene skeleton with oxygen functionality at positions 1, 4 and 11. It has a role as a human metabolite and a carcinogenic agent. It is an aflatoxin, an aromatic ether and an aromatic ketone. it is a member of a group of mycotoxins produced by Aspergillus flavus and A. parasiticus. Alflatoxin B1 is the most hepatotoxic and hepatocarcinogenic of the aflatoxins and occurs as a contaminant in a variety of foods. 
(1,5-dimethyl-3-oxo-2-phenyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-pyrazol-4-yl){4-[(6-methoxypyridazin-3-yl)sulfamoyl]anilino}methanesulfonic acid is a sulfonamide that is aminomethanesulfonic acid in which a hydrogen attached to the carbon has been replaced by a 1,5-dimethyl-3-oxo-2-phenyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-pyrazol-4-yl group and in which a hydrogen attached to the amino group has been replaced by a p-[(6-methoxypyridazin-3-yl)sulfamoyl]phenyl group. It is a sulfonamide, an aromatic ether, a member of pyridazines, an amino sulfonic acid and a pyrazolone. 
6-Heptyl-5, 6-dihydro-2H-pyran-2-one, also known as it or 5-hydroxy-2-dodecenoic acid lactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydropyranones. Dihydropyranones are compounds containing a hydrogenated pyran ring which bears a ketone, and contains one double bond. 6-Heptyl-5, 6-dihydro-2H-pyran-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6-heptyl-5, 6-dihydro-2H-pyran-2-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid in which the sulfo groups are attached to positions 2 and 7 of the naphthalene ring. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as linear pyranocoumarins. These are organic compounds containing a pyran (or a hydrogenated derivative) linearly fused to a coumarin moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, aegelinol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, aegelinol can be found in fruits. This makes aegelinol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is isoflavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 2' and 4' and a 3-hydroxy-3-methylbutyl group at position 8. It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a kievitone. 
6-azauridine 5'-monophosphate is a N-glycosyl-1,2,4-triazine that is the 6-aza analogue of uridine 5'-monophosphate. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 4.1.1.23 (orotidine-5'-phosphate decarboxylase) inhibitor. It is a N-glycosyl-1,2,4-triazine and a nucleoside monophosphate analogue. It derives from a 6-azauridine. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-azauridine 5'-monophosphate(2-). 
L-glutamic 5-semialdehyde is a glutamic semialdehyde arising from formal reduction of the side-chain carboxy group of L-glutamic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tautomer of a L-glutamic 5-semialdehyde zwitterion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in feces. Within the cell, Beta-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a fruity, herbal, and woody tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as common oregano, rosemary, parsley, and ginger. This makes Beta-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as Mayzent, by Novartis, is a new drug formulated for the management of Multiple Sclerosis (MS). It was approved by the FDA on March 26, 2019 and by Health Canada on February 20, 2020. This drug is considered a sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) receptor modulator and is thought to play a role in suppressing the central nervous system inflammation that is associated with MS.  Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is an autoimmune disease of the central nervous system that is chronic and inflammatory, disrupting communication between the brain and other parts of the body. Most patients diagnosed with this illness experience their initial disease symptoms between the age of 20 to 40, often the most productive years of life. Symptoms may include but are not limited to fatigue, gait changes, bowel or bladder dysfunction, abnormal muscle twitching, vision disturbance, and depressing or mood swings. MS is one of the most common causes of neurological disability in young adults and is found to occur more frequently in women than in men. 
it is a member of the class of resolvins that is (5Z,7E,9E,13Z,15E,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 4, 11 and 17 (the 4S,11R,17S-stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a resolvin, a secondary allylic alcohol, a triol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
it is a 2-fluorophenylalanine that has L-configuration. It is a 2-fluorophenylalanine and a L-phenylalanine derivative. It is an enantiomer of a 2-fluoro-D-phenylalanine. 
it is a substituted phenothiazine in which the ring nitrogen at position 10 is attached to C-3 of an N,N-dimethylpropanamine moiety. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug, an antiemetic, a dopaminergic antagonist, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of phenothiazines, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary amine. it is a phenothiazine and traditional antipsychotic agent with anti-emetic activity. it exerts its antipsychotic effect by blocking postsynaptic dopamine receptors in cortical and limbic areas of the brain, thereby preventing the excess of dopamine in the brain. This leads to a reduction in psychotic symptoms, such as hallucinations and delusions. it appears to exert its anti-emetic activity by blocking the dopamine receptors in the chemical trigger zone (CTZ) in the brain, thereby relieving nausea and vomiting. 
it is a modified glutathione analogue and nitrogen mustard prodrug, with potential antineoplastic activity. it is selectively activated by glutathione S-transferase P1-1 into an alkylating metabolite that forms covalent linkages with nucleophilic centers in tumor cell DNA, which may induce a cellular stress response and cytotoxicity, and decrease tumor cell proliferation. Glutathione S-transferase P1-1 is an enzyme that is overexpressed in many human malignancies. 
it is a xanthine that is 7H-xanthine bearing (4-methylquinazolin-2-yl)methyl, methyl, but-2-yn-1-yl and 3-aminopiperidin-1-yl substituents at positions 1, 3, 7 and 8 respectively (the R-enantiomer). Used for treatment of type II diabetes. It has a role as an EC 3.4.14.5 (dipeptidyl-peptidase IV) inhibitor and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a member of quinazolines and an aminopiperidine. It derives from a 7H-xanthine. it is a potent, orally bioavailable dihydropurinedione-based inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. The inhibition of DPP-4 by it appears to be longer lasting than that by some other DPP-4 inhibitors tested. 
L-glutamate(1-) is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of L-glutamic acid, having anionic carboxy groups and a cationic amino group It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an EC 6.3.1.2 (glutamate--ammonia ligase) inhibitor. It is a glutamate(1-) and a polar amino acid zwitterion. It is a conjugate base of a L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-glutamate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a D-glutamate(1-). 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax ginseng and Panax japonicus var. major that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 6alpha, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 20 have been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranosides, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and a pro-angiogenic agent. It is a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a ginsenoside and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is a carboxyalkanesulfonic acid comprising pyruvic acid with a sulfo group attached at the C-3 position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-sulfonatopyruvate(2-). 
it is a heteroaryl hydroxy compound that is pyridazin-3-ol substituted by an amino group at position 5 and a chloro group at position 4. It is a metabolite of the herbicide chloridazone. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of pyridazines, an organochlorine compound, a heteroaryl hydroxy compound and a primary arylamine. 
Ribostamycin sulfate is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt resulting from the reaction of ribostamycin with sulfuric acid. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial drug and an antibacterial agent. It is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt and an aminoglycoside. It contains a ribostamycin(4+). 
A mixture of mostly avermectin H2B1a (RN 71827-03-7) with some avermectin H2B1b (RN 70209-81-3), which are macrolides from STREPTOMYCES avermitilis. It binds glutamate-gated chloride channel to cause increased permeability and hyperpolarization of nerve and muscle cells. It also interacts with other CHLORIDE CHANNELS. It is a broad spectrum antiparasitic that is active against microfilariae of ONCHOCERCA VOLVULUS but not the adult form. 
Exudate from seeds of the grape plant Vitis vinifera, composed of oils and secondary plant metabolites (BIOFLAVONOIDS and polyphenols) credited with important medicinal properties. 
it is a dichlorocatechol in which the two chloro groups are located at positions 3 and 6. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as pulegone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2,3,8,9-tetramethoxy-13-methyl-5,6,11,12-tetrahydro-5,11-epiminodibenzo[a,e][8]annulene is an isoquinoline alkaloid that is 13-methyl-5,6,11,12-tetrahydro-5,11-epiminodibenzo[a,e][8]annulene substituted at positions 2, 3, 8 and 9 by methoxy groups. It is an aromatic ether, an isoquinoline alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenyl-1, 3-oxazoles. These are aromatic heterocyclic compounds containing a 1, 3-oxazole substituted at one or more positions by a phenyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an odorless fine white crystalline solid with a lightly bitter taste. Used as an analgesic medicine. it is a member of the class of acetamides that is acetamide in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 4-ethoxyphenyl group. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a peripheral nervous system drug and a cyclooxygenase 3 inhibitor. It is a member of acetamides and an aromatic ether. It derives from a N-phenylacetamide, a 4-ethoxyaniline and a paracetamol. it is a synthetic, white crystalline solid that is slightly soluble in water and benzene, soluble in acetone and very soluble in pyrimidine. It is used in research as the preferred marker for detecting CYP1A2-based inhibition potential in vitro. Human ingestion of it can result in a bluish discoloration of the skin due to a lack of oxygen in the blood (cyanosis), dizziness and respiratory depression. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a stilbenoid derivative isolated from Macaranga alnifolia and Macaranga alnifolia and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a stilbenoid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a member of resorcinols and a cyclic ether. 
it is a yellow to amber liquid. Works as an insecticide and acaricide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
Limonin, also known as evodin or citrolimonin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as limonoids. These are highly oxygenated, modified terpenoids with a prototypical structure either containing or derived from a precursor with a 4, 4, 8-trimethyl-17-furanylsteroid skeleton. All naturally occurring citrus limonoids contain a furan ring attached to the D-ring, at C-17, as well as oxygen containing functional groups at C-3, C-4, C-7, C-16 and C-17. Limonin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, limonin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Limonin is a bitter tasting compound that can be found in citrus, lemon, mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), and sweet orange. This makes limonin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine substituted by an acetyl group at position 2 and a 3-(dimethylamino)propyl group at position 10. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. It is a methyl ketone, an aromatic ketone, a tertiary amino compound and a member of phenothiazines. it is a phenothiazine derivative with depressant effect on the central nervous system. it acts as a dopamine receptor antagonist in the CNS, thereby causing sedation, muscular relaxation and a reduction in spontaneous activity. Its fast-acting neuroleptic effect with low toxicity is of particular value in veterinary medicine. 
Yellowish-white crystalline powder; colorless when pure; odorless. This material is used as a rodenticide, functioning as an anticoagulant that does not induce bait-shyness. (EPA, 1998) 
it is an S-substituted glutathione that is glutathione in which the mercapto hydrogen has been replaced by a methyl group. It is a S-substituted glutathione and a methyl sulfide. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it, also known as 15-ohcpa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gluco/mineralocorticoids, progestogins and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure based on a hydroxylated prostane moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 15beta-hydroxycyproterone acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
Quetiapine Fumarate is the fumarate salt form of quetiapine, a dibenzothiazepine derivative with antipsychotic property. Quetiapine fumarate antagonizes serotonin activity mediated by 5-HT 1A and 5-HT2 receptors. With a lower affinity, this agent also reversibly binds to dopamine D1 and D2 receptors in the mesolimbic and mesocortical areas of the brain leading to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, quetiapine fumarate also binds to other alpha-1, alpha-2 adrenergic and histamine H1 receptors. 
it, also known as 6-Î’-naltrexol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthrenes and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthrene moiety, which is a tricyclic aromatic compound with three non-linearly fused benzene. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the anhydrous form of (S)-it. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It contains a (S)-ropivacaine. it is the hydrochloride salt of ropivacaine, a local anesthetic of the amide type with analgesic activity. Ropivacaine binds to voltage-gated sodium ion channels in the neuronal membrane, thereby preventing the permeability of sodium ions and resulting in a stabilization of the neuronal membrane and inhibition of depolarization; nerve impulse generation and propagation are blocked, resulting in a reversible loss of sensation. 
it, also known as fema 2081 or isoamyl alpha-toluate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a sweet, animal, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in peppermint. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an omega-amino fatty acid that is octanoic acid which carries an amino group at position 8. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a medium-chain fatty acid and an omega-amino fatty acid. 
it is an aromatic ether consisting of a pyridine ring substituted at position 2 by a 2-{2-[2-((18)F)fluoroethoxy]ethoxy}ethoxy group and at position 5 and a 2-(4-methylaminophenyl)vinyl group. A positron emission tomography imaging ligand for the detection of amyloid aggregation associated with Alzheimer disease. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. It is an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether, a (18)F radiopharmaceutical and a substituted aniline. 
it is an off-white crystalline solid. Sensitive to light. (NTP, 1992) 4-methylaminophenol sulfate is the sulfate salt of 4-methylaminophenol. It derives from a 4-methylaminophenol. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is cyclohexa-1,3-dione in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 is substituted by a 4-(methanesulfonyl)-2-nitrobenzoyl group. It has a role as a herbicide, an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a sulfone, a C-nitro compound, an aromatic ketone and a beta-triketone. It derives from a benzophenone. 
it is an amphetamine methylated on nitrogen and with the phenyl ring methoxylated at C-2. A beta-adrenergic receptor agonist, it is used as a bronchodilator. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and a bronchodilator agent. 
it is an isochromene that is 3,4-dihydroisochromene-5,6-diol bearing additional aminomethyl and 1-adamantyl substituents at positions 1 and 3 respectively (the 1R,3S-diastereomer). Potent and selective dopamine D1-like receptor agonist (pEC50 values are 8.97 and < 5 for D1-like and D2-like receptors respectively). Displays anti-Parkinsonian activity following oral administration in vivo. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug and a dopamine agonist. It is a member of adamantanes, a member of isochromenes, a member of catechols and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a (1R,3S)-3-(adamantan-1-yl)-1-(ammoniomethyl)-3,4-dihydroisochromene-5,6-diol(1+). 
it is an omega-hydroxy-long-chain fatty acid that is hexadecanoic acid (also known as palmitic acid) which is substituted at position 16 by a hydroxy group. It is a key monomer of cutin in the plant cuticle. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 16-hydroxyhexadecanoate. 
4-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)but-3-en-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives. Hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives are compounds containing an cinnamic acid (or a derivative thereof) where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 4-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)but-3-en-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is valeric acid which is substituted at position 2 by an amino group. It derives from a valeric acid. 
it is a hydroxyquinolone that is 3-hydroxyuinolin-2(1H)-one which is substituted at position 4 by a phenyl groups. Isolated from the mycelium of several Penicillium species, it exhibits strong antibiotic activity against M. tuberculosis and also against B. subtilis, S. aureus and S. cerevisiae. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. 
A synthetic steroid with antigonadotropic and anti-estrogenic activities that acts as an anterior pituitary suppressant by inhibiting the pituitary output of gonadotropins. It possesses some androgenic properties. Danazol has been used in the treatment of endometriosis and some benign breast disorders. 
it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone that is 9,10-anthraquinone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3 and 6 and a methyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Diethylthiophosphoryl chloride appears as a colorless to light amber liquid with a disagreeable odor. Insoluble in water but soluble in most organic solvents. May be highly toxic and irritating to the eyes and lungs. Used as an intermediate for pesticides, as an oil and gasoline additive, and as a flame retardant. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, mandarin, and petitgrain taste. 
it is a hydrobromide. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist, a vasoconstrictor agent and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It contains an eletriptan(1+). it is a triptan with specific affinity for the 5-hydroxytriptamine1B/1D receptor. it binds to and acts at serotonin 5-HT1B receptors located on intracranial blood vessels which leads to vasoconstriction. This drug may also exerts its effects by binding to and activating 5-HT 1D receptors on sensory nerve endings in the trigeminal system, which results in the inhibition of pro-inflammatory neuropeptide release. it is used to relieve pain or symptoms associated with migraine headaches. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01511900 (A Multiple Ascending Dose Study of it in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes). 
2-Hydroxy-3, 4-dimethoxybenzoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. 2-Hydroxy-3, 4-dimethoxybenzoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a 4-ethylthio-3-methylpyridine analogue of omeprazole with no substituent on the benzimidazole ring, with selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor activity. Once converted to its active sulfenamide form, it forms a stable disulfide bond with the sulfhydryl group of the hydrogen-potassium (H+/K+) ATPase found on the secretory surface of parietal cells, thereby inhibiting the final transport of hydrogen ions (via exchange with potassium ions) into the gastric lumen and suppressing gastric acid secretion. 
it is the (S)-camphorsulfonate salt of trimethaphan. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent. It contains a trimethaphan and a (S)-camphorsulfonate. 
it is the 17-O-propionate ester of clobetasol. A potent corticosteroid, it is used to treat various skin disorders, including exzema and psoriasis. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a glucocorticoid, a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a chlorinated steroid. It derives from a clobetasol and a propionic acid. it is the propionate salt form of clobetasol, a topical synthetic corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory, anti-pruritic, and vasoconstrictive properties. it exerts its effect by binding to cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. This results in synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins, while inhibiting the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators. Specifically, it appears to induce phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, thereby controlling the release of the inflammatory precursor arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A2. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is oct-7-en-2-ol substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a fragrance and a metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent that consists of a thiophene ring flanked by two benzene rings ortho-fused across the 2,3- and 4,5-positions. It has a role as a keratolytic drug. It is a member of its and a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent. it is a sulfur-containing polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) derivate consisting of 3 fused rings with keratolytic activity. it is a component of petroleum oils. 
it is an iron coordination entity consisting of iron(III) coordinated as a 1:1 complex by three nitrogen electron pairs and three negatively charged oxygen atoms of yersiniabactin with a distorted octahedral coordination. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a virulence factor. It contains an iron(3+) and a yersiniabactin(1-). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is malonic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a hydroxymalonate(1-) and a hydroxymalonate. 
it is estran-3-one with a double bond between positions 5 and 10, and bearing both an ethynyl group and a hydroxy group at position 17 (R-configuration). A synthetic steroid hormone drug which acts as an agonist at all five type I steroid hormone receptors, it is used in the prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis and for treatment of endometriosis. It has a role as a hormone agonist and a bone density conservation agent. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a terminal acetylenic compound. it is a synthetic anabolic steroid with estrogenic, androgenic and progestagenic activities. The 3alpha- and 3beta-hydroxy metabolites of tibilone activate estrogenic receptors (ERs) in bone and vaginal tissue leading to a decrease in bone turnover, and decreased vaginal dryness, respectively; derived from the 3beta-hydroxy metabolite, its delta4-isomer activates androgenic receptors (ARs) in the brain and liver and progestogenic receptors (PRs) in endometrial tissue, affecting sexual function, lipid metabolism, and endometrial function, respectively. In breast and endometrial tissue, it metabolites inhibit sulfatase, preventing the conversion of circulating estrone sulfate and estradiol sulfate to estrone and estradiol, respectively; estrogen-mediated effects in the breast and uterus are thus reduced. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is 5beta-cholestane containing a double bond between positions 7 and 8, and substituted by an oxo group at position 6 and by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 14alpha, 22 pro-R and 25 positions. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 25-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid and an enone. It derives from an ecdysone. It is a conjugate acid of a it 22-phosphate(2-). It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it is a pyrazolopyrazole that consists of 1H,7H-pyrazolo[1,2-a]pyrazole-1,7-dione bearing three methyl substituents at positions 2, 5 and 6 as well as a bromomethyl substituent at the 3-position. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organobromine compound and a pyrazolopyrazole. 
it is a member of the class of furans that is a metabolite of ranitidine in rats and humans. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a rat metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is a C-nitro compound, a secondary amino compound, a member of furans and an organic sulfide. 
it is a benzenedicarboxamide compound having N-(2,3-dihydroxypropyl)carbamoyl groups at the 1- and 3-positions, iodo substituents at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions and an N-(2,3-dihydroxypropyl)acetamido group at the 5-position. It has a role as a radioopaque medium, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is an organoiodine compound and a benzenedicarboxamide. it is an X-ray contrast medium containing it in various concentrations, from 140 to 350 milligrams of iodine per milliliter. 
it is a colorless liquid with a sweet tarry odor. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a cresol with the methyl substituent at position 3. It is a minor urinary metabolite of toluene. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
Small lustrous prisms. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. May severely irritate skin and eyes. Used as an herbicide and fungicide. as such, is mixed with organic solvent for the purpose of application. it is an arylmercury compound and a member of benzenes. 
Methyl green is an iminium salt composed of (4-{[4-(dimethylamino)phenyl][4-(trimethylazaniumyl)phenyl]methylidene}cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene)(dimethyl)ammonium and chloride ions in a 1:2 ratio. A histological dye used to demonstrate nucleic acids by the Unna-Pappenheim stain, in conjunction with Pyronin Y. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an organic chloride salt, an iminium salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a methyl green(2+). 
Topoisomerase-1 Inhibitor it is an indenoisoquinoline derivative and topoisomerase 1 (Top1) inhibitor, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and stabilizes cleaved DNA-Top1 complexes, which prevents DNA re-ligation, induces stable, irreversible DNA strand breaks, prevents DNA repair, and leads to cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. As tumor cells proliferate at a much higher rate than normal cells, it specifically targets cancer cells. Top1, a DNA modifying enzyme essential for transcription, replication, and repair of double-strand DNA breaks, is overexpressed in tumor cells. 
it is a Î²-lactamase inhibitor based on a cyclic boronic acid pharmacophore. It has been used in trials investigating the treatment of bacterial infections in subjects with varying degrees of renal insufficiency. In August 2017, a combination antibacterial therapy under the market name Vabomere was approved by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI). Vabomere consists of it and [Meropenem] for intravenous administration. it is added to the therapy to reduce the extent meropenem degradation by inhibiting the serine beta-lactamases expressed by the microorganism of target. The treatment aims to resolve infection-related symptoms of cUTI and achieve negative urine culture, when the infections are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria. 
11,14,15-trihydroxy-(5Z,8Z,12E)-icosatrienoic acid is a trihydroxyicosatrienoic acid that is (5Z,8Z,12E)-icosatrienoic acid in which the three hydroxy groups are located at positions 11, 14 and 15. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a trihydroxyicosatrienoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of an 11,14,15-trihydroxy-(5Z,8Z,12E)-icosatrienoate(1-). 
it is a phenol that consists of 1,2,3-trimethylbenzene having a single phenolic hydroxy substituent located at position 5. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2,3-trimethylbenzene. 
N-[(R)-pantothenoyl]-L-cysteine is a L-cysteine derivative. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-[(R)-pantothenoyl]-L-cysteinate. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion in which the substituents on nitrogen are methyl (three) and carboxymethyl. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a glycine betaine. 
it is a butyrate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of 4-nitrophenol with the carboxy group of butyric acid. It is a butyrate ester and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is a 1-acyl-2-tetradecanoyl-sn-glycerol 3-phosphate(2-) obtained by deprotonation of both phosphate OH groups of 1,2-ditetradecanoyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate(; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 1,2-ditetradecanoyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines that is dioctylamine in which a hydrogen from each of the terminal methyl groups is replaced by a guanidino group. Once used as a fungicidal seed dressing, it is no longer approved for use in the European Union. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of guanidines, a secondary amino compound and an aliphatic nitrogen antifungal agent. 
it is a sulfonamide that is N-(pyrimidin-2-yl)benzenesulfonamide which is substituted at position 5 of the pyrimidine ring by a 2-methoxyethoxy group. It is a hypoglycemic drug used for the treatment of diabetes mellitus. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a diether. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a sulfapyrimidine derivative,also known as it, with antihyperglycemic activity. Like sulfonylureas, it is able to lower blood glucose levels by increasing the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells and increasing the sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin. 
it appears as a colorless or slightly yellow fuming liquid with a pungent and irritating odor resembling that of hydrochloric acid. Causes severe burns to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Very toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption. Reacts with water to evolve hydrochloric acid, an irritating and corrosive gas apparent as white fumes. Used during electrodeposition of metal on rubber and for making pesticides, surfactants, gasoline additives, plasticizers, dyestuffs, textile finishing agents, germicides, medicinal products, and other chemicals. 
it is a ring assembly obtained by 1,1'-coupling of two molecules of (3E)-3-[(4-hydroxyphenyl)methylidene]cyclopenta[b]indol-2(3H)-one. A UV-screening molecule produced by many strains of cyanobacteria. It has a role as a biological pigment, a bacterial metabolite and an ultraviolet filter. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an enone, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and a ring assembly. 
1, 2, 4-Trithiolane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trithiolanes. These are organic compounds containing a six-member aliphatic saturated heterocycle made up of three sulfur atoms and two carbon atoms. Within the cell, 1, 2, 4-trithiolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1, 2, 4-trithiolane can be found in green vegetables and mushrooms. This makes 1, 2, 4-trithiolane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
3-hydroxy-9,10-secoandrosta-1,3,5(10)-triene-9,17-dione is a seco-androstane that is 9,10-secoandrostane which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 9 and 17 and in which the A-ring is aromatic and bears a hydroxy group at position 3. It is a seco-androstane, a member of phenols and a cyclic ketone. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03053050 (Safety and Efficacy of it in Adults With Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis (NASH) and Bridging (F3) Fibrosis). it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1), with potential anti-inflammatory, antineoplastic and anti-fibrotic activities. Upon oral administration, it targets and binds to the catalytic kinase domain of ASK1 in an ATP-competitive manner, thereby preventing its phosphorylation and activation. This prevents the phosphorylation of downstream kinases, such as c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNKs) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38 MAPK). By preventing the activation of ASK1-dependent signal transduction pathways, it prevents the production of inflammatory cytokines, down-regulates the expression of genes involved in fibrosis, suppresses excessive apoptosis and inhibits cellular proliferation. ASK1, also called mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase kinase 5 (MAP3K5), is activated in response to oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress, calcium influx and infection. It plays a key role in the development of certain cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, as well as certain types of cancer. 
it is a 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-1D-myo-inositol in which the acyl group is specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-hexadecanoyl-sn--glycero-3-phospho-D-myo-inositol(1-). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion resulting from selective deprotonation of the 1-carboxy group of 2-oxoglutaric acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It derives from a glutarate(1-). It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxoglutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxoglutarate(2-). 
Undecaprenyl diphosphate is a polyprenol diphosphate compound having eleven prenyl units with undefined stereochemistry about the double bonds. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a polyprenyl diphosphate and an undecaprenyl phosphate. 
Dimethyl-n-propylamine appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an organic tricyclic compound. It has a role as an antidepressant. It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. 
it is a methanesulfonate salt. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent. It contains an eprosartan. it is the mesylate salt form of eprosartan, a non-biphenyl, non-tetrazole, nonpeptide angiotensin II antagonist with antihypertensive activity. it antagonizes angiotensin II type I receptors in tissues such as vascular smooth muscle and the adrenal gland. This prevents angiotensin II-induced vasoconstriction and prevents angiotensin II-mediated stimulation of aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which decreases the excretion of sodium and water and increases the excretion of potassium. 
Cyananin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. Cyananin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cyananin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, cyananin can be found in potato. This makes cyananin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Losartan is an angiotensin II receptor blocker used in the therapy of hypertension and diabetic nephropathy. Losartan is associated with a low rate of transient serum aminotransferase elevations and has been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. it is the potassium salt of losartan, a non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity. Losartan selectively and competitively binds to the angiotensin II receptor (type AT1) and blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the receptor, thus promoting vasodilatation and counteracting the effects of aldosterone. Converted from angiotensin I by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), angiotensin II stimulates the adrenal cortex to synthesize and secrete aldosterone, decreasing sodium excretion and increasing potassium excretion, and acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is 1-methylurea substituted by a p-cumenyl group at position 3. It is a metabolite of the herbicide isoproturon. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 
A bile salt formed in the liver by conjugation of deoxycholate with taurine, usually as the sodium salt. It is used as a cholagogue and choleretic, also industrially as a fat emulsifier. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C21H22N2O2, originally isolated from the seeds of Strychnos nux-vomica. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a delta-lactam, a tertiary amino compound, an olefinic compound and a primary alcohol. 
it appears as colorless crystals with a mild ester odor, commercial product is a reddish-brown solid. Used as a fast acting insecticide with both systemic and contact action against a wide range of pests on cotton, sugar cane, tobacco, potatoes, peanuts, tomatoes, and ornamentals. Very toxic. it is an alkenyl phosphate that is the 4-(methylamino)-4-oxobut-2-en-2-yl ester of dimethyl phosphate. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an avicide and an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. It is a dialkyl phosphate, an organophosphate insecticide, an alkenyl phosphate and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid that is glucobrassicin bearing a methoxy substituent at position 4 on the indole ring. It is an indolyl carbohydrate and an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid. It derives from a glucobrassicin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Oxaliplatin is a platinum coordination entity that is a commonly used chemothrepeutic drug for treatment of colorectal cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a mutagen. 
it appears as colorless crystals or waxy solid. Insoluble in water. Used as an insecticide. it is a member of furans and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and an agrochemical. It derives from a chrysanthemic acid. 
it is a methoxysalicylic acid that is salicylic acid which is carrying a methoxy group at position 5. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. 
it is an enoate ester that is the methyl ester of (2E,3Z,5E)-2-(methoxymethylene)-3-methyl-6-phenylhexa-3,5-dienoic acid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is an enoate ester and an enol ether. 
it is a C13 straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tridecanoate. 
it is a phenolate anion resulting from deprotonation of the phenolic hydroxy group of picric acid. It is a conjugate base of a picric acid. 
it is a pyridine nucleoside comprising 4-imino-1,4-dihydro-3-pyridinecarboxylic acid as the nucleobase having the beta-ribofuranosyl moiety attached at position 1. A toxin produced by poisonous mushrooms. It has a role as a toxin and a fungal metabolite. It is a pyridine nucleoside, an imine and a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid. It derives from a D-ribosylnicotinic acid. 
it is an organoiodine compound consisting of uracil having an iodo substituent at the 5-position. It has a role as an antimetabolite. It derives from a uracil. it is a halogenated pyrimidine analog containing an iodine atom linked to a pyrimidine ring. it (IU) gets incorporated into DNA. IU is a metabolite of idoxuridine (IUdR; 5-iododeoxyuridine) and the IUdR prodrug ropidoxuridine (IPdR). 
6-Hydroxy-2, 3, 4-trimethoxybenzoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. 6-Hydroxy-2, 3, 4-trimethoxybenzoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a diester, a methyl ester and a member of dicarboxylic acids and O-substituted derivatives. It derives from an oxalic acid. 
it is an anthracenyl bishydrazone with antineoplastic activity. it intercalates with and disrupts the configuration of DNA, resulting in DNA single-strand breaks, DNA-protein crosslinking, and inhibition of DNA replication. This agent is similar to doxorubicin in activity, but unlike doxorubicin, does not exhibit cardiotoxicity. (NCI04) 
it is a polycyclic ether that is produced by several species of dinoflagellates, and is known to accumulate in both marine sponges and shellfish. A polyketide, polyether derivative of a C38 fatty acid, it is one of the primary causes of diarrhetic shellfish poisoning (DSP). It is a potent inhibitor of specific protein phosphatases and is known to have a variety of negative effects on cells. It has a role as a marine metabolite, an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor and a calcium ionophore. 
it is an enanthate ester and a sterol ester. It has a role as an androgen. It derives from a testosterone. it is a long-acting intramuscular form of the androgen testosterone. Testosterone inhibits gonadotropin secretion from the pituitary gland and ablates estrogen production in the ovaries, thereby decreasing endogenous estrogen levels. In addition, this agent promotes the maintenance of male sex characteristics and is indicated for testosterone replacement in hypogonadal males, delayed puberty, and metastatic mammary cancer. (NCI04) 
it is an uronic acid phosphate that is alpha-D-galacturonic acid carrying a phosphate group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-galacturonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-phosphonato-alpha-D-galacturonate(3-). 
it monomer appears as a clear colorless liquid. Slightly soluble in water and floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Vapors irritate the eyes and respiratory system. Containers must be heavily insulated or shipped under refrigeration. An inhibitor such as hydroquinone, hydroquinone methyl ester and dimethyl t-butylphenol is added to keep the chemical from initiating polymerization. The chemical may polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated with strong acid or base. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. Used to make plastics. it is an enoate ester having methacrylic acid as the carboxylic acid component and methanol as the alcohol component. It has a role as an allergen and a polymerisation monomer. It is an enoate ester and a methyl ester. It derives from a methacrylic acid. it is a methyl ester of methacrylic acid. it is a reactive resin, and the polymerized form is used as cement in dentistry, orthopaedic surgery and ophthalmology. The monomer form of this agent has relaxation effect on smooth muscle systemically, which might be a result of nitric oxide-mediated response. 
it is an aminoacridine that is acridine in which the hydrogen at position 9 is replaced by an amino group. A fluorescent dyd and topical antiseptic agent, it is used (usually as the hydrochloride salt) in eye drops for the treatment of superficial eye infections. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antiseptic drug, a fluorescent dye, a MALDI matrix material, an acid-base indicator and a mutagen. It is a member of aminoacridines and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid that is brucine in which the hydrogen at position 16 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a delta-lactam, a hemiaminal, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteroheptacyclic compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a brucine. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylsulfates. Phenylsulfates are compounds containing a sulfuric acid group conjugated to a phenyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavones. These are polycyclic compounds containing a 2-isoflavene skeleton which bears a ketone group at the C4 carbon atom. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a clear very light amber liquid. (NTP, 1992) it is a monoalkyl phosphate having methyl as the alkyl group. It has a role as an epitope, a phosphoantigen and an algal metabolite. It is a monoalkyl phosphate and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a methyl phosphate(2-). 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by removal of the proton from the phosphate group of glycyl-AMP. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate base of a glycyl-AMP and a glycyl-AMP zwitterion. 
it appears as oily colorless liquid or solid white crystals. Slight rotten fish or ammonia odor. Denser than water. (USCG, 1999) it is a member of the class of ethanolamines that is ethanolamine having a N-hydroxyethyl substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an ethanolamine. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03892499 (A Trial to Evaluate the Effect of Itraconazole (ITZ), a CYP3A4 Inhibitor, on the Pharmacokinetics of the Soluble Guanylate Cyclase Stimulator, it (it), in Healthy Volunteers). 
it is the sodium salt form of fondaparinux, a synthetic glucopyranoside with antithrombotic activity. it selectively binds to antithrombin III, thereby potentiating the innate neutralization of activated factor X (Factor Xa) by antithrombin. Neutralization of Factor Xa inhibits its activity and interrupts the blood coagulation cascade, thereby preventing thrombin formation and thrombus development. (NCI05) 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a fresh and green taste. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is glutaric acid substituted by two methyl groups at the C-3 position. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glutaric acid. 
it is a deep purple to dark blue microcrystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) Pontamine sky blue 5B is an organic sodium salt resulting from the formal condensation of Pontamine sky blue 5B (acid form) with four equivalents of sodium hydroxide. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome and a carcinogenic agent. It contains a Pontamine sky blue 5B(4-). 
it is a benzyl ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-methylacetoacetic acid with the hydroxy group of benzyl alcohol. It is a fatty acid ester, a beta-ketoester, a methyl ketone and a benzyl ester. It derives from a 2-methylacetoacetic acid. 
it is a nitrogen hydride and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of an ammonia. It is a conjugate acid of a hydridonitrate(2-). 
it is a L-lysine derivative. It has a role as a siderophore and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an itate(3-). 
it is a member of the class of dihydronaphthalenes that is 1,2-dihydronaphthalene which is substituted at positions 1, 1, 4, and 6 by methyl, methyl, phenylethynyl, and 2-(p-carboxyphenyl)vinyl groups, respectively (the E isomer). It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor antagonist. It is a member of benzoic acids, a stilbenoid, a member of dihydronaphthalenes and an acetylenic compound. 
it is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-amino-5-oxohexanoate. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 6H-6,12-epoxydibenzo[b,f]oxocin-11(12H)-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4, 7 and 8, a hydroxymethyl group position 1, methyl groups at positions 6 and 12 and methoxy groups at positions 3 and 9. It is isolated as a racemate from Unidentified fungi (New mexico) and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against HIV-1 integrase. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a bridged compound, a cyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a polyphenol and a primary alcohol. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is 7-hydroxyisoflavone substituted by additional hydroxy groups at positions 5, 2' and 4' and a prenyl group at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. 
Obtained in both anhydrous form and as a dihydrate. Both are white crystalline solids. The primary hazard is the threat posed to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used to preserve wood, to make other zinc compounds, as a food and feed additive. it is an acetate salt in which the cationic component is zinc(2+). It has a role as an astringent. It is a zinc molecular entity and an acetate salt. 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil in which positions 1, 5, and 6 are substituted by ethoxymethyl, isopropyl, and cyclohexylsulfanyl groups, respectively. It is a pyrimidone and an aliphatic sulfide. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin having the hydroxy group located at position 7 and bearing two fluoro substituents at positions 6 and 8 as well as a carboxy group at position 3. A fluorescent dye of excitation wavelength 403 nm and emission wavelength 455 nm. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a hydroxycoumarin, an organofluorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as it or dithiobis((methylsulfonyl)-methane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sulfones. Sulfones are compounds containing a sulfonyl group( which as the general structure RS(=O)2R' (R, R' =alkyl, aryl)) attached to two carbon atoms. Within the cell, bis(methylsulfonylmethyl) disulfide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, bis(methylsulfonylmethyl) disulfide can be found in mushrooms and onion-family vegetables. This makes bis(methylsulfonylmethyl) disulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
4-Hexyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 4-Hexyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-hexyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole substituted by a methyl group at position 4. It has a role as an antidote, a protective agent and an EC 1.1.1.1 (alcohol dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-pyrazole. it is a pyrazole with competitive alcohol dehydrogenase inhibitor activity. it prevents the metabolism of ethylene glycol and methanol by alcohol dehydrogenase, thereby inhibiting the formation of their toxic metabolites, glycolate and oxalate (from ethylene glycol), and formic acid (from methanol). it is indicated for use as an antidote in ethylene glycol and methanol poisoning. (NCI05) 
it, also known as ethoxy 4-etob, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is gallic acid in which the phenolic hydroxy group at position 3 is converted into the corresponding methyl ether. It is a member of catechols and a member of benzoic acids. It derives from a gallic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-O-methylgallate. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is glyburide in which the (5-chloro-2-methoxybenzoyl group is replaced by a (5-methylpyrazin-2-yl)carbonyl group. An oral hypoglycemic agent, it is used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor and an insulin secretagogue. It is a N-sulfonylurea, a member of pyrazines, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a short-acting, second-generation sulfonylurea with hypoglycemic activity. it is rapidly absorbed, has a very quick onset of action and a short half-life. This agent is extensively metabolized in the liver and the metabolites as well as the unchanged form are excreted in the urine. 
it is a dioxolane that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a tertiary alcohol that is methanol in which the hydrogens attached to the carbon are replaced by cyclopropyl, p-methoxyphenyl and pyrimidin-5-yl groups. By inhibiting gibberellin biosynthesis, it reduces plant growth, resulting in reduced internode elongation and thus more compact plants. It is used in the commercial production of a wide variety of container-grown bedding and foliage plants, including chrysanthemums, Easter lilies and poinsettias. It has a role as a plant growth retardant, a cellulose synthesis inhibitor and a gibberellin biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a tertiary alcohol and a member of pyrimidines. 
2, 5-Dihydro-2, 4, 5-trimethyloxazole, also known as 2, 4, 5-trimethyl-3-oxazoline or fema 3525, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxazolines. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-oxazoline, a five-membered ring with a nitrogen and an oxygen atoms at the 1- and 3-position, respectively. Additionally, it contains two double bonds. 2, 5-Dihydro-2, 4, 5-trimethyloxazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dihydro-2, 4, 5-trimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 5-Dihydro-2, 4, 5-trimethyloxazole is a caramel, green, and musty tasting compound that can be found in nuts. This makes 2, 5-dihydro-2, 4, 5-trimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a sulfonamide that is 5-chloronaphthalene-2-sulfonamide in which one of the hydrogens of the nitrogen atom is substituted by a 4-aminobutyl group. It is a sulfonamide, an organochlorine compound, a member of naphthalenes and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
A chromone complex that acts by inhibiting the release of chemical mediators from sensitized mast cells. It is used in the prophylactic treatment of both allergic and exercise-induced asthma, but does not affect an established asthmatic attack. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is pentane with two carboxylic acid groups at positions C-1 and C-5. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a pimelate and a pimelate(1-). 
Bufogenin is a bufadienolide toxin originally isolated from the venom of the Chinese toad Bufo gargarizans; it is also one of the glycosides in the traditional Chinese medicine ChanSu, with potential cardiotonic activity. Although the mechanism of action of bufogenin is still under investigation, this agent is a specific Na+/K+-ATPase inhibitor and has been shown to reduce blood pressure in a rat model of preeclampsia. 
it is a 3-(cis-5,6-dihydroxycyclohexa-1,3-dienyl)propanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-[(5S,6R)-5,6-dihydroxycyclohexa-1,3-dienyl]propanoate. It is an enantiomer of a 3-[(5R,6S)-5,6-dihydroxycyclohexa-1,3-dienyl]propanoic acid. 
it appears as yellow crystalline or chunky solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of aminoacridines that is acridine which is substituted by a methoxy group at position 2, chlorine at position 6, and a {3-[(2-chloroethyl)amino]propyl}amino group at position 9. It has a role as a mutagen. It is a member of aminoacridines, a secondary amino compound, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate base of an it(2+). 
it appears as a clear to light yellow liquid. Corrosive to the eyes, skin, mouth, throat and stomach. Vapors may irritate eyes. 
it is a member of the class of phenylethanolamines that is catechol substuted at position 5 by a 2-(tert-butylamino)-1-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an anti-asthmatic drug, a bronchodilator agent, a sympathomimetic agent, a tocolytic agent and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a member of phenylethanolamines and a member of resorcinols. it Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of it, an ethanolamine derivative with bronchodilating and tocolytic properties. it sulfate selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors, leading to intracellular adenyl cyclase activation via a trimeric G protein and subsequent increase in cyclic cAMP production. Increased cAMP levels result in relaxation of bronchial and vascular smooth muscle mediated through the activation of protein kinase A (PKA), which phosphorylates proteins in control of muscle tone. cAMP also inhibits calcium ion release from intracellular stores, reduces calcium entry into cells and induces the sequestration of intracellular calcium all of which aids the relaxation of airway muscles. it sulfate also increases mucociliary clearance and reduces release of inflammatory cell mediators. it is an ethanolamine derivative with bronchodilating and tocolytic activities. it selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors, leading to intracellular adenyl cyclase activation via a trimeric G protein and subsequent increase in cyclic AMP (cAMP) production. Increased cAMP levels result in relaxation of bronchial and vascular smooth muscle mediated through the activation of protein kinase A (PKA), which phosphorylates proteins in control of muscle tone. cAMP also inhibits calcium ion release from intracellular stores, reduces calcium entry into cells and induces the sequestration of intracellular calcium all of which aids in the relaxation of airway muscles. it also increases mucociliary clearance and reduces release of inflammatory cell mediators. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of arachidonic acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It derives from an arachidonic acid. 
it is an acetylspermidine having the acetyl group at the N1-position. It has a role as a metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N(1)-acetylspermidinium(2+). 
it appears as white to tan solid or beige powder. Musty odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a dimethoxybenzene that is p-dimethoxybenzene which is substituted by chlorines at positions 2 and 5. A fungicide formerly used as a seed treatment, it is not approved for use in the European Union. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dimethoxybenzene, a dichlorobenzene and an aromatic fungicide. 
it is a indol-3-yl carboxylic acid that is butanoic acid carrying a 1H-indol-3-yl substituent at position 1. It has a role as a plant hormone, a plant metabolite and an auxin. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of an indole-3-butyrate. 
Found in large amounts in the plasma and urine of patients with malignant melanoma. It is therefore used in the diagnosis of melanoma and for the detection of postoperative metastases. Cysteinyldopa is believed to be formed by the rapid enzymatic hydrolysis of 5-S-glutathionedopa found in melanin-producing cells. 
it is an S-acylglutathione in which the S-acyl group is specified as acetyl. It has a role as an anti-HSV-1 agent and an apoptosis inducer. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 3 and 5 are replaced by iodine atoms. It is an auxin polar transport inhibitor. It has a role as a member of antiauxins. It is an organoiodine compound and a member of benzoic acids. 
it, also known as ad 92 or ad-P2, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthracyclines. These are polyketides containing a tetracenequinone ring structure with a sugar attached by glycosidic linkage. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
(3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-Ergost-8(14)-en-3-ol, also known as (24S)-beta-methyl cholest-8(14)-enol or 5alpha-ergost-8(14)-en-3beta-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ergosterols and derivatives. These are steroids containing ergosta-5, 7, 22-trien-3beta-ol or a derivative thereof, which is based on the 3beta-hydroxylated ergostane skeleton (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-Ergost-8(14)-en-3-ol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-Ergost-8(14)-en-3-ol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-ergost-8(14)-en-3-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-ergost-8(14)-en-3-ol can be found in root vegetables. This makes (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-ergost-8(14)-en-3-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Keto-D-fructose is the open-chain form of D-fructose. It is a keto-fructose and a D-fructose. It is an enantiomer of a keto-L-fructose. 
it is an imidazolium ion formed via cyclo-dimerisation of L-lysine and methylglyoxal. It has a role as an epitope. It is an imidazolium ion, a L-lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-aminobenzoic acid with the primary amino group of 1-(2-aminoethyl)-2-cyano-3-{3-[3-(piperidin-1-ylmethyl)phenoxy]propyl}guanidine. It has a role as a H2-receptor antagonist. It is a member of guanidines, a member of benzamides, a substituted aniline, a nitrile, an aromatic ether and a member of piperidines. 
it is a magnesium salt of orotic acid and is poorly soluble in water. It is a source of magnesium and is used as a mineral supplement to treat Mg deficiency. Orotic acid acts as a transporter that carries magnesium into the cells. It also exhibits antioxidant properties, since it is a key intermediate in the biosynthetic pathway of pyrimidines that promotes the synthesis of enzymes which act as free radical scavengers. Experiments investigating the potential cardioprotective actions of orotic acid in pathological heart conditions are still ongoing. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a turpentine odor. Flash point 91Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a solvent. it is a pinene that is bicyclo[3.1.1]hept-2-ene substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 6 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a butenolide that is furan-2(5H)-one substituted by a phenyl group at position 3 and by a p-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl group at position 4. A selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, it was used from 1999 to 2004 for the treatment of ostoarthritis, but was withdrawn following concerns about an associated increased risk of heart attack and stroke. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an analgesic. It is a sulfone and a butenolide. it is a synthetic, nonsteroidal derivative of phenyl-furanone with antiinflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic properties and potential antineoplastic properties. it binds to and inhibits the enzyme cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), resulting in an inhibition of the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins. COX-related metabolic pathways may represent key regulators of cell proliferation and neo-angiogenesis. Some epithelial tumor cell types overexpress pro-angiogenic COX-2. (NCI04) 
Butylscopolamine bromide is an organic bromide salt of butylscopolamine. It is an antispasmodic drug which can relieve painful stomach cramps (including those linked with irritable bowel syndrome), bladder and menstrual cramps. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is an organic bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a butylscopolamine. Butylscopolamine Bromide is an orally available bromide salt form of butylscopolamine, a quaternary ammonium derivative of the alkaloid scopolamine, with anticholinergic property. Upon oral administration, it binds to and blocks muscarinic receptors located on postganglionic parasympathetic nerve endings and on smooth muscle cells. This blocks the activity of acetylcholine (Ach) and causes its antispasmodic effect in the gastrointestinal (GI), urinary, uterine, and biliary tracts. This agent may also facilitate radiologic visualization of the GI tract. 
it is an epoxydodecadienamide isolated from several species, including Acremonium, Acrocylindrum and Helicoceras. It inhibits the biosynthesis of several lipids by interfering with enzyme function. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antiinfective agent, an antilipemic drug, an antimetabolite, a fatty acid synthesis inhibitor and an antimicrobial agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and an epoxide. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 4-methyl-2-oxopentanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a valerate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-methyl-2-oxopentanoic acid. 
it is a selective A2a adenosine receptor agonist designed for use as a pharmacologic stress agent in cardiac perfusion imaging studies. It is developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and is in phase II of clinical trials. 
it is a direct acting antiviral agent and Hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3/4A protease inhibitor that targets the the viral RNA replication. In combination with [DB13878], glecaprevir is a useful therapy for patients who experienced therapeutic failure from other NS3/4A protease inhibitors. It demonstrates a high genetic barrier against resistance mutations of the virus. In cell cultures, the emergence of amino acid substitutions at NS3 resistance-associated positions A156 or D/Q168 in HCV genotype 1a, 2a or 3a replicons led to reduced susceptibility to glecaprevir. The combinations of amino acid substitutions at NS3 position Y65H and D/Q168 also results in greater reductions in glecaprevir susceptibility, and NS3 Q80R in genotype 3a patients also leads to glecaprevir resistance.   it is available as an oral combination therapy with [DB13878] under the brand name Mavyret. This fixed-dose combination therapy was FDA-approved in August 2017 to treat adults with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1-6 without cirrhosis (liver disease) or with mild cirrhosis, including patients with moderate to severe kidney disease and those who are on dialysis. Mavyret is also indicated for HCV genotype 1-infected patients who have been previously treated with regimens either containing an NS5A inhibitor or an NS3/4A protease inhibitor, but not both. Hepatitis C viral infection often leads to decreased liver function and subsequent liver failure, causing a significantly negative impact on the patients' quality of life. The ultimate goal of the combination treatment is to achieve sustained virologic response (SVR) and cure the patients from the infection. In clinical trials, this combination therapy achieved SVR12 rate, or undetectable Hepatitis C for twelve or more weeks after the end of treatment, of â‰¥93% across genotypes 1a, 2a, 3a, 4, 5 and 6. 
it is the sodium salt form of salcaprozate, an oral absorption promoter. it may be used as a delivery agent to promote the oral absorption of certain macromolecules with poor bioavailability such as insulin and heparin. 
it is a gallate ester that is the tetraester obtained by the formal condensation of hydroxy groups at positions 1, 2, 3 and 4 of alpha-D-glucose with the carboxy group of four molecules of gallic acid respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a galloyl alpha-D-glucose and a gallate ester. 
it is the zwitterion formed from 5-aminolevulinic acid by transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group. It is the major species present at physiological pH. It is a tautomer of a 5-aminolevulinic acid. 
N-glycoloyl-beta-neuraminic acid is an N-acylneuraminic acid in which the acyl substituent on nitrogen is glycolyl and which has beta-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite and an antigen. 
Methyl cyclohexylamine appears as a water-white liquid. Slightly soluble in water and floats on water. A strong irritant to skin and eyes. Corrosive. Used as a solvent. it is a secondary aliphatic amine having methyl and cyclohexyl as the two alkyl groups. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it (it) is an orally active 8-aminoquinoline analog in development by the Walter Reed Army Institute, in collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline (formerly SmithKline Beecham), for the potential treatment of visceral leishmaniasis. 
it is an alkadiene that is 1,5-octadiene substituted by an ethyl group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is an abscisic acid in which the two acyclic double bonds both have trans-geometry. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-trans-abscisate. 
Gamma-Nonanolide, also known as G-nonanolide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. Thus, Gamma-nonanolide is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. Gamma-Nonanolide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Gamma-Nonanolide has been primarily detected in saliva. Within the cell, Gamma-nonanolide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Gamma-Nonanolide exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 5 and 7. A natural product found in Piper sarmentosum and Cryptocarya chartacea. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, a vasodilator agent, a neuroprotective agent and a metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. 
Abscission-accelerating plant growth substance isolated from young cotton fruit, leaves of sycamore, birch, and other plants, and from potatoes, lemons, avocados, and other fruits. 
it is a benzodioxine that is idazoxan substituted at position 2 by a methoxy group. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It is a benzodioxine, a cyclic ketal and a member of imidazolines. It derives from an idazoxan. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01473095 (Phase 1 Dose Escalation Study of ARQ 092 in Adult Subjects With Advanced Solid Tumors and Recurrent Malignant Lymphoma). 
(-)-it is an aspidosperma alkaloid that is (5alpha,12beta,19alpha)-2,3-didehydroaspidospermidine which is substituted at position 3 by a methoxycarbonyl group. A natural product found in several species in the Apocynaceae (dogbane) family, including Alstonia spatulata. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. It is an Aspidosperma alkaloid, a methyl ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a (-)-it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
it, also known as fema 3300, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a horseradish, meat, and metallic taste. 
it is a member of phytosterols, a 3beta-sterol and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a campestane. it is a steroid derivative that is the simplest sterol, characterized by the hydroxyl group in position C-3 of the steroid skeleton, and saturated bonds throughout the sterol structure, with the exception of the 5-6 double bond in the B ring. 
it is a 16-membererd macrolide that is the aglycone of the antibiotic 5-O-beta-D-mycaminosylit. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a macrolide, an enone and a diol. 
it appears as colorless low-melting solid or liquid with a slight ethereal odor. Mp: 26.5Â°C; bp: 92.5Â°C. Density (of liquid): 1.64 g cm-3 at 30Â°C. Used as a refrigerant, a solvent extractant, and in dry cleaning. 
it appears as orange-yellow crystals. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. it is a member of the class of substituted anilines that is N-(pentan-3-yl)aniline bearing two additional nitro substituents at positions 2 and 6 as well as two methyl substituents at positions 3 and 4. A herbicide used to control most annual grasses and many annual broad-leaved weeds. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and an agrochemical. It is a substituted aniline, a secondary amino compound and a C-nitro compound. 
it is an L-alanine derivative obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of fumaric acid monoamide with the side-chain amino group of 3-amino-L-alanine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an enamide, a L-alanine derivative, a primary carboxamide and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a 3-amino-L-alanine and a fumaric acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a perchlorometallate anion having four chlorines and palladium(II) as the metal component. It is a perchlorometallate anion and a palladium coordination entity. 
it appears as a light colored liquid. May be irritating to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. it is an ortho-fused bicyclic hydrocarbon that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydro derivative of naphthalene. It is an ortho-fused bicyclic hydrocarbon and a member of tetralins. It derives from a hydride of a naphthalene. 
it is a clear, colorless, mobile liquid. pH (anhydrous): 7.0. pH (10% solution in distilled water): 4.2. (NTP, 1992) it is a butan-4-olide that is dihydrofuran-2(3H)-one substituted by a methyl group at position 5. It has been found in the urine samples of humans exposed to n-hexane. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-arginine and L-phenylalanine residues. It exhibits vasorelaxant activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a vasodilator agent. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt of cefotiam. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a cefotiam. Cefotiam Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of cefotiam, a third-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cepitin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cefotiam binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
it is an azaspiro compound having a monofluoro-substituted chromane skeleton spiro-linked to an imidazolidinedione ring. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor and an antioxidant. It is an imidazolidinone, a member of chromanes, an oxaspiro compound, an azaspiro compound and an organofluorine compound. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01893125 (Efficacy and Safety of it Versus Placebo in Patients With Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy). 
it is a one-carbon compound that is phosphonic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the phosphorus is substituted by a methyl group. It is a one-carbon compound and a member of phosphonic acids. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a methylphosphonate(1-). 
(R,R)-2-amino-1-(4-nitrophenyl)propane-1,3-diol is a diol that is propane 1,3-diol bearing additional amino and 4-nitrophenyl substituents at positions 2 and 1 respectively. It is an amino alcohol, a diol and a C-nitro compound. 
it is a member of the class of benzophenones that is benzophenone in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2, 3, and 4 and by a methyl group at position 6, while the other is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 6 by methyl, bromine, and methoxy groups, respectively. A fungicide with protectant and curative properties, it is used for the control of powdery mildew in cereals and grape vines. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzophenones, an aromatic ether, an organobromine compound and an aryl phenyl ketone fungicide. 
Monoacetoxyscirpenol, also known as 4-deacetylanguidin or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. Monoacetoxyscirpenol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, monoacetoxyscirpenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Monoacetoxyscirpenol is a potentially toxic compound. 
it has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Migraine, Headache, Polysomnography, Diabetic Neuropathy, Painful, and Major Depressive Disorder, Recurrent. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 2-fluorophenylalanine that has D-configuration. It is a 2-fluorophenylalanine and a D-phenylalanine derivative. It is an enantiomer of a 2-fluoro-L-phenylalanine. 
it is an organic heterohexacyclic compound that is 3-methylcholanthrene which has undergone epoxidation by the formal 1,2-addition of an oxygen atom to the double bond at the 11-12 position. It has a role as a mutagen. It is an epoxide and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. It derives from a 3-methylcholanthrene. 
it is an aromatic ether that is bisphenol F where the hydrogens of both hydroxy groups have been replaced by a oxiran-2-ylmethyl group. It is an aromatic ether, an epoxide and a diarylmethane. It derives from a bisphenol F. 
it is a member of the class of acetophenones that is 1-phenylethanone substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group, a propyl group at position 3 and a 4-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)butoxy group at position 4. A leukotriene antagonist, it exhibits anti-asthmatic activity. It has a role as a leukotriene antagonist and an anti-asthmatic drug. It is a member of tetrazoles, a member of acetophenones, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 
it is a colorless thick liquid with a sweet odor. Floats on water. Freezing point is 75Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is a fatty alcohol that is dodecane in which a hydrogen from one of the methyl groups is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is registered for use in apple and pear orchards as a Lepidopteran pheromone/sex attractant, used to disrupt the mating behaviour of certain moths whose larvae destroy crops. It has a role as a cosmetic, a pheromone, an insect attractant, a pesticide and a plant metabolite. It is a primary alcohol, a fatty alcohol and a member of dodecanols. It derives from a hydride of a dodecane. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that consists of 2-methoxybenzene-1,4-diol attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. It is isolated from Acacia mearnsii. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, an aromatic ether, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of phenols. 
1,2-epoxy-3-ethoxypropane appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it is a biflavonoid resulting from the formal oxidative dimerisation between position 8 of one molecule of 5,7-dihydroxy-4'-methoxyflavone and the 3' position of another. Found in the leaves of Ginkgo biloba, it is a potent inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9). It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a biflavonoid and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 5,7-dihydroxy-4'-methoxyflavone. 
it is a 3-hydroxy-5alpha-pregnan-20-one in which the hydroxy group at position 3 has alpha-configuration. It is a metabolite of the sex hormone progesterone and used for the treatment of postpartum depression in women. It has a role as a human metabolite, an antidepressant, a GABA modulator, an intravenous anaesthetic and a sedative. 
it appears as a liquid with an acrid odor. Flash point 90Â°F. The vapors are irritating to the eyes and respiratory system. Subject to polymerization if subjected to heat for prolonged periods or if contaminated. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may violently rupture. Insoluble in water. Density 8.2 lb / gal. Used in paints, varnishes, as an intermediate in insecticides, as a flame retardant in plastics. 
it, also known as milthanthine or N-methylstepharine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as proaporphines. These are benzylisoquinoline derivatives characterized by the presence of a spirocyclohexane ring that can occur in various oxidation levels, from cyclohexadienone to cyclohexanol it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in cherimoya, coffee and coffee products, poppy, and sacred lotus. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a spirostanyl glycoside that consists of the trisaccharide alpha-L-Rha-(1->4)-[alpha-L-Rha-(1->2)]-beta-D-Glc attached to position 3 of diosgenin via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a metabolite, an antifungal agent, an antiviral agent, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, a hepatoprotective agent, an apoptosis inducer and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is a spirostanyl glycoside, a spiroketal, a hexacyclic triterpenoid and a trisaccharide derivative. It derives from a diosgenin. It derives from a hydride of a spirostan. 
Cyclosporin a appears as white prismatic needles (from acetone) or white powder. (NTP, 1992) Cyclosporine is a natural cyclic polypeptide immunosuppressant isolated from the fungus Beauveria nivea. The exact mechanism of action of cyclosporine is not known but may involve binding to the cellular protein cytophilin, resulting in inhibition of the enzyme calcineurin. This agent appears to specifically and reversibly inhibit immunocompetent lymphocytes in the G0-or G1-phase of the cell cycle. T-lymphocytes are preferentially inhibited with T-helper cells as the primary target. Cyclosporine also inhibits lymphokine production and release. (NCI04) 
it is a semisynthetic penicillin having a 6beta-{(2R)-2-[(2-oxoimidazolidine-1-carbonyl)amino]-2-phenylacetyl}amino side-group. It is an antibiotic used in treating infections caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Escherichia coli and Haemophilus influenzae. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin, a semisynthetic derivative and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is a semisynthetic, extended spectrum acylampicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall, thereby inhibiting the cross-linking of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This prevents proper bacterial cell wall synthesis, thereby results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually leading to cell lysis. 
it is an amino acid-based antibiotic derived from certain thermophilic fungi; acts as a potent inhibitor of serine palmitoyltransferase, the first step in sphingosine biosynthesis. it also possesses immunosuppressant activity. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antifungal agent, an immunosuppressive agent, an EC 2.3.1.50 (serine C-palmitoyltransferase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and a fungal metabolite. It is a sphingoid, an alpha-amino fatty acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a naphthylacetic acid substituted by a carboxymethyl group at position 1. It has a role as a synthetic auxin. 
it is an imine that is 4-methylidenecyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-imine in which the hydrogens of the methylidene group are replaced by 4-aminophenyl and 3-methyl-4-aminophenyl groups. The monohydrochloride salt is the histological dye 'rosanilin'. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome and a carcinogenic agent. It is an imine and a substituted aniline. It is a conjugate base of a rosanilin(1+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as difurocoumarolactones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a delta-valerolactone ring fused to the coumarin moiety of the difurocoumarin skeleton. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
A synthetic PGE2 analog that has an inhibitory effect on gastric acid secretion, a mucoprotective effect, and a postprandial lowering effect on gastrin. It has been shown to be efficient and safe in the treatment of gastroduodenal ulcers. 
it(0) is an elemental silver. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. it is a metallic element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 47, and atomic weight 107.8682. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Metastases, Breast Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, and Pancreatic Neoplasms, among others. it is a semi-synthetic derivative of the taxane 10-deacetylbaccatin III with potential antineoplastic activities. it binds to tubulin, promoting microtubule assembly and stabilization and preventing microtubule depolymerization, thereby inhibiting cell proliferation. As it represents poor substrate for P-glycoprotein-related drug resistance mechanisms, this agent may be useful for treating multi-drug resistant tumors. it penetrates the blood brain barrier. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02895360 (Phase 1/2a Study of it as 48-hour Infusions in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors or Recurrent Glioblastoma). it is an orally available, highly water-soluble lysine prodrug of the synthetic small molecule BAL27862 with potential antitumor activity. Upon administration of it and conversion into the active form BAL27862, this agent binds to tubulin at a site distinct from the vinca-alkaloid-binding site, and prevents tubulin polymerization and destabilizes microtubules, ultimately leading to cell cycle arrest, blockage of cell division and an induction of cell death in cancer cells. 
Sulopenem is a parenteral thiopenem with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity against most gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. Sulopenem is not active against Pseudomonas aeruginosa. In addition, this agent is fairly stable against hydrolysis by various beta-lactamases. 
it is a hydroxyflavan that is 3,4-dihydro-2H-chromene which is substituted at positions 3, 5, and 7 by hydroxy groups, and at position 2 by a 3,4,5-trihydroxyphenyl group. It is a hydroxyflavan, a secondary alcohol and a polyphenol. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is a selective estrogen receptor modulator; used for treatment of dyspareunia. It has a role as an estrogen receptor modulator, an antineoplastic agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is an organochlorine compound, an aromatic ether and a primary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. 
it, also known as benzylcarbinyl propionate or ecopco acu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-phenylethyl propanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a balsam, floral, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as milk and milk products, alcoholic beverages, nuts, and ceylon cinnamon. This makes 2-phenylethyl propanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the tartrate salt form of brimonidine, an imidazole derivative and a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist. Upon ocular administration, it acts on the blood vessels causing them to constrict which leads to a decrease in the production of aqueous humor. Brimonidine tartrate also enhances the outflow of aqueous humor. This drug is used in the treatment of glaucoma to reduce intraocular pressure. 
it is a novel Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor used for the treatment of adult patients with mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) who have received at least one prior therapy. Mantle cell lymphoma is an aggressive mature B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma that is associated with early relapse, poor clinical outcomes, and long-term survival. BTK is an enzyme that plays a role in oncogenic signalling pathways, where it promotes the survival and proliferation of malignant B cells. Compared to the first-generation BTK inhibitor [ibrutinib], it displays higher potency and selectivity for BTK with fewer off-target effects. Due to this enhanced selectivity towards BTK, it belongs to the second-generation BTK inhibitor drug group that also includes [acalabrutinib], which was approved by the FDA in 2017.  it was granted accelerated approval by the FDA in November 2019 based on clinical trial results that demonstrated an 84% overall response rate from it therapy in patients with MCL, which measures the proportion of patients in a trial whose tumour is entirely or partially destroyed by a drug. It is currently marketed under the trade name BRUKINSAâ„¢ and is available as oral capsules. it is an inhibitor of Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it inhibits the activity of BTK and prevents the activation of the B-cell antigen receptor (BCR) signaling pathway. This prevents both B-cell activation and BTK-mediated activation of downstream survival pathways, which leads to the inhibition of the growth of malignant B-cells that overexpress BTK. BTK, a member of the Src-related BTK/Tec family of cytoplasmic tyrosine kinases, is overexpressed in B-cell malignancies; it plays an important role in B-lymphocyte development, activation, signaling, proliferation and survival. 
An acetanilide and piperazine derivative that functions as a SODIUM CHANNEL BLOCKER and prevents the release of enzymes during MYOCARDIAL ISCHEMIA. It is used in the treatment of ANGINA PECTORIS. 
it is a cholanic acid conjugate anion that is the conjugate base of it arising from deprotonation of the sulfonate OH group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a rat metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a cholanic acid conjugate anion and an organosulfonate oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a tetrachlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted by chlorines at positions 2, 3, 5, and 6. It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl and a tetrachlorobenzene. 
A family of LINCOMYCIN-related glycosides that contain a pyrrolidine ring linked via an amide-bond to a pyranose moiety. Individual members of this family are defined by the arrangement of specific constituent groups on the lyncomycin molecule. Many it are ANTIBIOTICS produced by a variety STREPTOMYCES species. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of tapentadol, an orally available, synthetic benzenoid that acts as an agonist for the mu-opioid receptor (MOR) and inhibits the reuptake of noradrenaline, with potential anti-nociceptive activity. Upon oral administration, tapentadol binds to the MOR which enhances MOR-mediated signaling, interferes with the sensation of pain and results in an analgesic effect. Tapentadol also inhibits the reuptake of noradrenaline, which increases the levels of noradrenaline (NA), activates the inhibitory alpha-2 receptors and results in an analgesic effect. 
it, also known as dhomst, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sterigmatocystins. These are a group of closely related fungal metabolites chemically characterized by a xanthone moiety fused to a dihydrodifurano or a tetrahydrodifurano moiety. The chemical difference among the various sterigmagocystins are the presence or absence of unsaturation at positions 2 and 3 of the difurano ring system, the substitution pattern on positions 6, 7, and 10 of the xanthone system and/or the substituent on position 3 of the difurano system. They are produced by Aspergilus spp. and Bipolaris spp. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, dihydro-O-methylsterigmatocystin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a methyl ester derived from cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. It is a methyl ester and a member of cyclopropanes. It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as 2-methylsulfanyl-pyrazine or fema 3231, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-(methylthio)pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a chip, corn, and ether taste. 
1-[2-(2,4-dichlorobenzyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(imidazol-1-yl)ethanol in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a 2,4-dichlorobenzyl group. It is an ether, a member of imidazoles and a dichlorobenzene. it is an antifungal synthetic derivative of imidazole and used in the treatment of candidal skin infections, it selectively affects the integrity of fungal cell membranes, high in ergosterol content and different in composition from mammalian cells membranes. (NCI04) 
it is a L-tyrosine derivative that is the 3-methoxy derivative of L-dopa. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a L-tyrosine derivative, a monomethoxybenzene and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from a L-dopa. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of cobalt dinitrate. It is a hydrate, a cobalt salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. It contains a cobalt dinitrate. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining nimustine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. An antineoplastic agent especially effective against malignant brain tumors. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It contains a nimustine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of nimustine, a nitrosourea with antineoplastic activity. Nimustine alkylates and crosslinks DNA, thereby causing DNA fragmentation, inhibition of protein synthesis, and cell death. 
it is a light brown colored crystalline solid. It may be toxic by ingestion. It is insoluble in water. It is used to make other chemicals. 
2-Methyl-4-phenyl-2-butyl 2-methylpropanoate, also known as dimethyl(phenylethyl)carbinyl isobutyrate or 1, 1-dimethyl-3-phenylpropyl isobutyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 2-Methyl-4-phenyl-2-butyl 2-methylpropanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-4-phenyl-2-butyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Methyl-4-phenyl-2-butyl 2-methylpropanoate has a sweet, floral, and fruity taste. 
Monodehydro-L-ascorbic acid is an organic radical. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a L-isoascorbic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a monodehydro-L-ascorbate(1-). 
An ester of AMPICILLIN which is readily hydrolyzed on absorption to release ampicillin. It is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract resulting in a greater bioavailability of ampicillin than can be achieved with equivalent doses of ampicillin. 
3-phosphoglyceric acid is a monophosphoglyceric acid having the phospho group at the 3-position. It is an intermediate in metabolic pathways like glycolysis and calvin cycle. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a tetronic acid derivative and a monophosphoglyceric acid. It derives from a glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-), a it(2-) and a it. 
it is a quassinoid isolated from Brucea javanica and Brucea sumatrana and has been shown to exhibit antimalarial activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimalarial and an antineoplastic agent. It is a quassinoid, a delta-lactone, a cyclic ether, an enone, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a tetrol, an enol and a methyl ester. 
it is a member of the class of 2-aminopurines that is 2-aminopurine which is substituted by a chlorine at position 6 and by a (4-methoxy-3,5-dimethylpyridin-2-yl)methyl group at position 9. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of pyridines, a member of 2-aminopurines, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ether. Hsp90 Inhibitor it is an orally active inhibitor of heat shock protein 90 (HSP90) with potential antineoplastic activity. HSP90, a chaperon protein upregulated in a variety of tumor cells, regulates the folding and degradation of many oncogenic signaling proteins. HSP90 inhibitor it specifically blocks active HSP90, thereby inhibiting its chaperon function and promoting the degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins involved in tumor cell proliferation and survival. As a result, it has the potential to inhibit the growth of a wide range of cancer cells in both solid tumors and blood-based cancers. 
it is a steroid ester that is betamethasone in which the hydroxy group at the 17alpha position has been converted to the corresponding pentanoate ester. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a steroid ester, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a betamethasone. it is the 17-valerate ester of betamethasone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with metabolic, immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory actions. it binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
it is a member of the class of chromones that is isolated from Stigmatella aurantiaca Sg a15. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a quinol oxidation site inhibitor. It is a member of chromones, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and an olefinic compound. 
it is a water-soluble buffer substance used for the preparation of the biochemical and biological buffer solutions; pKa = 6.8 at 20 â„ƒ. It has a role as a buffer. It derives from a member of tris. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside compound having a phosphate group at the 6-position and a 4-hydroxyphenyl substituent at the 1-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a hydroquinone O-beta-D-glucopyranoside, a D-glucopyranose 6-phosphate and a D-glucose 6-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a trihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2', 4' and 5 and methoxy groups at positions 5', 6 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor. It is a trimethoxyflavone and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is the potassium salt of formic acid. It has a role as a buffer. It is a potassium salt and a one-carbon compound. It derives from a formic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a toluate that is the conjugate base of o-toluic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an o-toluic acid. 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Jaspis splendens and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a member of phenols. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-glucuronides. These are glucuronides in which the aglycone is linked to the carbohydrate unit through a N-glycosidic bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a crown compound that is enterobactin in which the pro-R hydrogens at positions 2, 6 and 10 of the trilactone backbone are replaced by methyl groups, and in which a glycine spacer separates the trilactone backbone from each of the catecholamide arms. It is the endogenous siderophore of Bacillus subtilis, used for the acquisition of iron. It has a role as a metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It is a crown compound, a member of catechols and a macrocyclic lactone. 
it is a naphthoquinone compound having a 4-(4-chlorophenyl)cyclohexyl group at the 2-position and a hydroxy substituent at the 3-position. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antifungal agent, an EC 1.3.5.2 [dihydroorotate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, an EC 1.6.5.3 [NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H(+)-translocating)] inhibitor and an EC 1.10.2.2 (quinol--cytochrome-c reductase) inhibitor. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone. it is a synthetic hydroxynaphthoquinone with antiprotozoal activity. Atovoquone blocks the mitochondrial electron transport at complex III of the respiratory chain of protozoa, thereby inhibiting pyrimidine synthesis, preventing DNA synthesis and leading to protozoal death. 
it is the anhydrous, mesylate salt form of exatecan, a semisynthetic, water-soluble derivative of camptothecin, with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA and inhibiting re-ligation of DNA breaks, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and triggering apoptotic cell death. 
Isopropyl methoxypyrazine, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. Isopropyl methoxypyrazine is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, isopropyl methoxypyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Isopropyl methoxypyrazine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Isopropyl methoxypyrazine is a beany, earthy, and pea tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as pepper (c. annuum), orange bell pepper, green bell pepper, and fishes. This makes isopropyl methoxypyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dideoxyuridine inhibitor of HIV reverse transcriptase that is related to zidovudine. it exhibits a relatively short half-life and incomplete oral bioavailability and has not been developed into a clinical drug. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is ethane substituted by carboxyl groups at positions 1 and 2. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an oxalate(1-) and an oxalate. 
it is a member of the class of cyclohexenones that is cyclohex-2-en-1-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4, 5 and 6, and by a hydroxymethyl group at position 3 (the 4R,5S,6R-diastereomer). It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of cyclohexenones, an enone and a tetrol. It derives from a valiolone. 
it is a ketohexose monophosphate consisting of D-psicose having a phosphate group located at the 6-position. It derives from a D-psicose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-proline, L-valine, glycine, and L-proline joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-proline, a L-valine and a glycine. 
it is a steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. it is a 3-propyl and 17b-methyl ether of estradiol that may be used vaginally to relieve vaginal atrophy and its associated symptoms. Upon intravaginal administration, it acts on the vaginal mucosa and may decrease vaginal atrophy and its associated symptoms, such as vaginal dryness and itching. 
it, also known as 2-formylbenzofuran or benzo(b)-2-furfural, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzofurans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a furan. Furan is a five-membered aromatic ring with four carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an almond and bitter taste. 
it is a potassium salt that is the monopotassium salt of carbonic acid. It has fungicidal properties and is used in organic farming for the control of powdery mildew and apple scab. It has a role as a food acidity regulator, a raising agent, a buffer and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a potassium salt and an organic salt. It contains a hydrogencarbonate. 
3-{2-[4-(6-fluoro-1,2-benzoxazol-3-yl)piperidin-1-yl]ethyl}-9-hydroxy-2-methyl-6,7,8,9-tetrahydropyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one is a member of the class of pyridopyrimidines that is 9-hydroxy-2-methyl-6,7,8,9-tetrahydropyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one carrying an additional 2-[4-(6-fluoro-1,2-benzoxazol-3-yl)piperidin-1-yl]ethyl group at position 2. It is a member of 1,2-benzoxazoles, a heteroarylpiperidine, an organofluorine compound, a pyridopyrimidine and a secondary alcohol. 
Ent-kaur-16-en-19-oic acid is an ent-kaurane diterpenoid that is ent-kauran-19-oic acid in which a double bond is present at position 16(17); exhibits anticancer and anti-HIV 1 activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV-1 agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an ent-kaur-16-en-19-oate. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid with formula C21H26O3, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an aromatic ether, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a minty taste. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is pyrole bearing aminomethyl, carboxymethyl and 2-carboxyethyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of pyrroles, a dicarboxylic acid and an aralkylamino compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-hydroxyisobutyric acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an isobutyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxyisobutyric acid. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a tertiary alcohol, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. It derives from a tabersonine. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxy-16-methoxy-2,3-dihydrotabersoninium. 
2-Butyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2-Butyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-butyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-butyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 2-butyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a nucleobase analogue that is uracil substituted at position 5 by a 4,5-dihydroxypentyl group. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a nucleobase analogue, a glycol and a pyrimidone. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a polyprenol phosphate having ten prenyl units in the chain (the 2Z,6Z,10Z,14Z,18Z,22Z,26Z,30Z,34E-isomer) It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a white powder with a faint amine-like odor. Melting point 107Â°C. pH (1% solution) 4.5-5.5. Used medicinally as an antihistamine. it is the maleate salt form of pheniramine, an alkylamine derivative with antihistaminic and vasodilatory properties. it binds to histamine H1 receptors, thereby inhibiting phospholipase A2 and production of endothelium-derived relaxing factor, nitric oxide. Subsequent lack of activation of guanylyl cyclase through nitric oxide results in decreased cyclic GMP (cGMP) levels, thereby inhibiting constriction of smooth muscle tissue, and decreased capillary permeability and histamine-activated allergic reactions. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-2-oxopentanoate. 
it is a deuterated compound that is L-alanine in which the alpha-hydrogen and the three methyl hydrogens are replaced by deuterium. It is a L-alpha-amino acid, an alanine and a deuterated compound. 
it is a yellow powder. Non corrosive. Insoluble in water. Used as an fungicide. it is a polymeric complex of zinc with the ethylene bis(dithiocarbamate) anionic ligand. Formerly used as an agricultural fungicide for the control of downy mildews and rusts, its use is no longer permitted in the US or the EU. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a macromolecule, a zinc coordination entity and a dithiocarbamate salt. It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a floral, fruity, and gassy taste. 
it is a semi-synthetic derivative of the macrolide antibiotic erythromycin that includes an N-oxime side chain on the lactone ring, with antibacterial and anti-malarial activities. it binds to the subunit 50S of the bacterial ribosome, which inhibits bacterial protein synthesis and leads to inhibition of bacterial cell growth and replication. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alanine in which the methyl group is replaced by a (5S)-3-chloro-4,5-dihydro-1,2-oxazol-5-yl group. A glutamine analogue antimetabolite, it interferes with glutamate metabolism and several glutamate-dependent synthetic enzymes. It is obtained as a fermentation product of Streptomyces sviceus bacteria. It has a role as an antimetabolite, a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.3.2.2 (gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent, an antileishmanial agent and a glutamine antagonist. It is a member of isoxazoles, an organochlorine compound and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. it is a modified amino acid and structural analog of glutamine. it inhibits glutamine amidotransferases in the purine and pyrimidine biosynthetic pathways, thereby inhibiting tumor growth in cell lines dependent on glutamine metabolism. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it or fema 3372, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazoles. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member aromatic ring made up of one sulfur atom, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-(1-methylpropyl)thiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
A barbiturate with hypnotic and sedative properties (but not antianxiety). Adverse effects are mainly a consequence of dose-related CNS depression and the risk of dependence with continued use is high. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p565) 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of promazine, a phenothiazine derivative with antipsychotic and antiemetic properties. it blocks postsynaptic dopamine receptors D1 and D2 in the mesolimbic and medullary chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ), thereby decreasing stimulation of the vomiting center in the brain and psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, this agent blocks alpha-adrenergic receptors and exhibits strong anticholinergic activity. 
it is a white crystalline, odorless solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. It is water emulsifiable. It is toxic by inhalation, skin absorption, and/or ingestion. When heated or burned it may emit toxic hydrogen chloride and phosgene. It is used as a pesticide. 
it is a lignan that is gamma-butyrolactone in which the 3 and 4 positions are substituted by 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzyl groups (the 3R,4R-diastereomer). It has a role as a phytoestrogen, a plant metabolite, an angiogenesis inhibitor and an anti-asthmatic agent. It is a polyphenol, a lignan and a gamma-lactone. 
Beta-D-Xylp-(1->6)-D-Glcp is a disaccharide consisting of beta-D-xylopyranose and D-glucopyranose joined in sequence by a (1->6) glycosidic bond. It is a glycoside and a glycosylglucose. It derives from a beta-D-xylose and a D-glucopyranose. 
it, also known as it, is a steroidal progestin that is widely used in veterinary medicine to suppress estrus in animals. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of doxycycline exhibiting antimicrobial activity. Doxycycline blocks binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. (NCI) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of butanoic acid and ammonia. It is a primary fatty amide and a member of butanamides. 
it is conjugate base of 3alpha,7alpha-dihydroxy-12-oxo-5beta-cholanic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3alpha,7alpha-dihydroxy-12-oxo-5beta-cholanic acid. 
it appears as a yellow solid. Decomposes violently at high temperatures. Insoluble in water and alcohol. Used as a booster explosive. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Primary hazard is the blast effect of an instantaneous explosion and not flying projectiles and fragments. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of N-(gamma-L-glutamyl)-L-alaninol; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a tautomer of a N-(gamma-L-glutamyl)-L-alaninol. 
it is a colorless to yellow liquid with a pungent odor. It will burn though it may take some effort to ignite. It is decomposed by moisture or water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is an aporphine alkaloid that exhibits anti-cancer, trypanocidal and antiplasmodial activites. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a trypanocidal drug and an antiplasmodial drug. It is an oxacycle, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an aporphine alkaloid. It derives from a hydride of an aporphine. 
Maltose is a glycosylglucose consisting of two D-glucopyranose units connected by an alpha-(1->4)-linkage. It has a role as a sweetening agent, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a glycosylglucose and a maltooligosaccharide. 
it, also known as cyclocostunolide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanoquinolines. Furanoquinolines are compounds containing a furan ring fused to a quinoline. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A condensation product of riboflavin and adenosine diphosphate. The coenzyme of various aerobic dehydrogenases, e.g., D-amino acid oxidase and L-amino acid oxidase. (Lehninger, Principles of Biochemistry, 1982, p972) 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is umbelliferone in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of coumarins. It derives from an umbelliferone. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
CDP-1L-myo-inositol(2-) is an inositol phosphate oxoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from each of the phosphate groups of CDP-1L-myo-inositol. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a CDP-1L-myo-inositol. 
it is a polychlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which all of the hydrogens are replaced by chlorines. It is a polychlorobiphenyl and a member of pentachlorobenzenes. 
1, 1-Dibromo-2-propanone, also known as 1, 1-dibromoacetone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-haloketones. These are organic compounds contaning a halogen atom attached to the alpha carbon atom relative to C=O group. 1, 1-Dibromo-2-propanone is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1, 1-dibromo-2-propanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 100Â°F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a quinacrine mustard compound with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to, intercalates and crosslinks DNA and RNA. This agent is mainly used for ex vivo purposes, specifically for the inactivation of pathogens such as viruses, protozoa and bacteria in red blood cells (RBCs). 
Thiamine(1+) monophosphate chloride is an organic chloride salt of thiamine(1+) monophosphate. It is an organic chloride salt and a thiamine phosphate. It contains a thiamine(1+) monophosphate. 
it is one of the primary forms of gastrin that is a 17-membered peptide consisting of Glp, Gly, Pro, Trp, Leu, Glu, Glu, Glu, Glu, Glu, Ala, Tyr, Gly, Trp, Met, Asp and Phe-NH2 residues joined in sequence. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 
A group of cytosine ribonucleotides in which the phosphate residues of each cytosine ribonucleotide act as bridges in forming diester linkages between the ribose moieties. 
it is a phenothiazine derivative in which the phenothiazine tricycle carries a chloro substituent at the 2-position and a 3-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl]propyl group at N-10. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug, a dopaminergic antagonist and an antiemetic. It is a member of phenothiazines, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazine and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a hydride of a 10H-phenothiazine. it is a phenothiazine derivative and a dopamine antagonist with antiemetic and antipsychotic properties. it blocks postsynaptic dopamine 2(D2) receptors in the mesolimbic and medullary chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ), thereby preventing the excess of dopamine in the brain. This leads to reduction in psychotic symptoms, such as hallucinations and delusions. it appears to exert its antiemetic activity by blocking the dopamine and histamine-1 receptor in the CTZ thereby relieving nausea and vomiting in the brain. In addition, it binds to alpha-adrenergic receptors. 
it is a furonaphthodioxole that is 4'-demethyldeoxypodophyllotoxin which is substituted at position 4 of the C-ring by a 2-{[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl](methyl)amino}ethyl group. While structurally related to etoposide, it is significantly more toxic to non-small cell lung cancer cells, more active at generating chromosomal breaks, and displays improved cellular uptake and pharmacokinetics in animal lung tissues. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a furonaphthodioxole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound, a member of phenols and a gamma-lactone. 
it is a pyrimidinecarboxylate anion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a uracil. It is a conjugate base of an orotic acid. 
it is a 6-0-butanoyl ester derivative of castanospermine, a compound derived from the Australian chestnut with activity against hepatitis C virus. it rapidly converts to castanospermine in the body, where it is a potent inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase I, a host enzyme required for viral assembly, release, and infectivity. 
it appears as a white to yellow powder. May be toxic by ingestion. Irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used as a drying agent for gasoline and solvents. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of it. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-coclaurinium. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-it. 
it is a pyrimidone that is cytosine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 1 is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pyrimidone, an aminopyrimidine and a methylcytosine. It derives from a cytosine. 
it is a white, odorless, microcrystalline powder. Used as a cholinergic (anticholinesterase) agent and as a veterinary medication. (EPA, 1998) it is a carbamate ester and an indole alkaloid. It has a role as a miotic, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an antidote to curare poisoning. 
Isocyclocitral belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic oxides. These are organic compounds containing an oxide group. Isocyclocitral is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, isocyclocitral is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Isocyclocitral has an aldehydic, earthy, and green taste. 
Bis-(2-methyl-3-furyl) disulfide, also known as 3, 3'-dithiobis(2-methyl-furan or fema 3259, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. Bis-(2-methyl-3-furyl) disulfide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, bis-(2-methyl-3-furyl) disulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Bis-(2-methyl-3-furyl) disulfide exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Bis-(2-methyl-3-furyl) disulfide is a meaty, onion, and roasted tasting compound that can be found in tea. This makes bis-(2-methyl-3-furyl) disulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyrrolopyrimidine that is 7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidine which is substituted by a (1S)-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-ylnitrilo group at position 4 and by a (1S,3S,4S)-3-hydroxy-4-[(sulfamoyloxy)methyl]cyclopentyl group at position 7. It is a potent and selective NEDD8-activating enzyme inhibitor with an IC50 of 4.7 nM, and currently under clinical investigation for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and myelodysplastic syndromes. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, a secondary amino compound, a member of cyclopentanols, a sulfamidate and a member of indanes. it is a small molecule inhibitor of Nedd8 activating enzyme (NAE) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits NAE, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and survival. NAE activates Nedd8 (Neural precursor cell expressed, developmentally down-regulated 8), an ubiquitin-like (UBL) protein that modifies cellular targets in a pathway that is parallel to but distinct from the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway (UPP). Functioning in diverse regulatory activities, proteins conjugated to UBLs like Nedd8 typically are not targeted for proteasomal degradation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as primary alcohols. Primary alcohols are compounds comprising the primary alcohol functional group, with the general structure RCOH (R=alkyl, aryl). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in feces. 
2, 3-Dihydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. 2, 3-Dihydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a long-chain omega-3 fatty acid that is docosanoic acid having three double bonds located at positions 13, 16 and 19 (the (13Z,16Z,19Z-geoisomer). It is an omega-3 fatty acid and a it. It is a conjugate acid of a (13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosatrienoate. 
it is a benzenediol that consists of hydroquinone bearing a single chloro substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of its. 
8, 13-Abietadien-18-Oic acid, also known as palustric acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. 8, 13-Abietadien-18-Oic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 8, 13-abietadien-18-Oic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as vinylogous acids. These are organic compounds containing a hydroxyl group, which is indirectly attached to a carbonyl via an intervening vinyl (>C=C<) moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a limonoid with insecticidal activity isolated from Azadirachta indica. It has a role as an insect growth regulator, an antifeedant and a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a member of furans, a limonoid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. It derives from a tiglic acid. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid in which the hydrogen at position 5 on the phenyl ring is replaced by fluorine. It has a role as an antimetabolite. It is an aminobenzoic acid and an organofluorine compound. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
it, also known as 8-Î’-hydroxy-Î”-9-thc, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 8-beta-hydroxy-delta-9-THC is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a naphthoic acid that is naphthalene carrying a carboxy group at position 2. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-naphthoate. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of icosanoic acid (arachidic acid). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 20:0 and a 2-saturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an icosanoic acid. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt of valopicitabine, a 3-O-valine ester prodrug form of the nucleoside analog 2'-C-methylcytidine with anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) activity. Upon administration, valopicitabine is converted into 2'-C-methylcytidine; upon phosphorylation into its 5-triphosphate form, this metabolite inhibits viral RNA chain elongation and viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity. This blocks viral production of HCV RNA and thus viral replication. 
N-(1-benzyl-2-methylpyrrolidin-3-yl)-5-chloro-2-methoxy-4-(methylamino)benzamide is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-chloro-2-methoxy-4-(methylamino)benzoic acid with the amino group of 1-benzyl-2-methylpyrrolidin-3-amine. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a member of benzamides, a tertiary amino compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a short-chain fatty acid that is valeric acid in which one of the methylene hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a short-chain fatty acid, a 3-hydroxy fatty acid and a ketone body. It derives from a valeric acid. 
Clopamide is a piperidine and sulfamoylbenzamide-based diuretic with thiazide-like diuretic activity. Clopamide appears to work in a similar manner as the thiazide diuretics and has a similar potency as chlorothiazide and hydrochlorothiazide. 
it is an alkyl sulfate that is the mono-7-ethyl-2-methylundecan-4-yl ester of sulfuric acid. It is a conjugate base of a tetradecyl sulfate. 
[8]-Shogaol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as shogaols. These are ginger derivatives containing a shogaol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing a dec-4-en-3-one moiety, a methoxyphenyl group, a hydroxyl group and at positions 1, 3, and 4, respectively. [8]-Shogaol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, [8]-shogaol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, [8]-shogaol can be found in ginger. This makes [8]-shogaol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N-Acetylglucosamine 6-phosphate, also known as GLCNAC6P, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acylaminosugars. These are organic compounds containing a sugar linked to a chain through N-acyl group. N-Acetylglucosamine 6-phosphate is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-acetylglucosamine 6-phosphate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N-acetylglucosamine 6-phosphate can be found in a number of food items such as lupine, malabar spinach, lemon verbena, and cocoa bean. This makes N-acetylglucosamine 6-phosphate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of CXC chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) with receptor binding and hematopoietic stem cell-mobilization activities. it binds to the chemokine receptor CXCR4, thereby preventing the binding of stromal derived factor-1 (SDF-1 or CXCL12) to the CXCR4 receptor and subsequent receptor activation. This may induce the mobilization of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells from the bone marrow into blood. CXCR4, a chemokine receptor belonging to the G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) gene family, plays an important role in chemotaxis and angiogenesis and is upregulated in several tumor cell types; CXCL12/CXCR4 interaction induces retention of hematopoietic cells in the bone marrow. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is methyl 9H-xanthene-1-carboxylate substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 8 and an oxo group at position 9. It has been isolated from Chaetomium globosum. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and a methyl ester. 
it appears as white, yellowish, grayish-white or brown crystalline solid or crystalline powder. Density: 3-3.1 g cm-3. An important ore for magnesium. Used in the manufacture of materials capable of withstanding very high temperatures. Sometimes used to produce carbon dioxide. it is a magnesium salt with formula CMgO3. Its hydrated forms, particularly the di-, tri-, and tetrahydrates occur as minerals. It has a role as an antacid and a fertilizer. It is a magnesium salt, a carbonate salt and a one-carbon compound. 
2, 5-Dimethyl-3(2H)-furanone, also known as 2, 5-dimethylfuran-3(2H)-one or 2H-furan-3-one, 2, 5-dimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanones. Furanones are compounds containing a furan ring bearing a ketone group. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3(2H)-furanone is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-3(2H)-furanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3(2H)-furanone has a caramel, ester, and fruity taste. 
Pseudopelletierine is an azabicycloalkane alkaloid that is 9-azabicyclo[3.3.1]nonane substituted by a methyl group at position 9 and an oxo group at position 3. It is found in pomegranate trees. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an alkaloid, a cyclic ketone, a tertiary amino compound and an azabicycloalkane. 
it is an optically active form of [2,8-bis(trifluoromethyl)quinolin-4-yl]-(2-piperidyl)methanol having (+)-(11R,2'S)-erythro-configuration. An antimalarial agent, used in racemic form, which acts as a blood schizonticide; its mechanism of action is unknown. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-(11S,2'R)-erythro-mefloquine. Mefloquine is a quinolinemethanol derivative with antimalarial, anti-inflammatory, and potential chemosensitization and radiosensitization activities. Although the exact mechanism remains to be elucidated, mefloquine, a weak base, preferentially accumulates in lysosomes and disrupts lysosomal function and integrity, thereby leading to host cell death. Similar to chloroquine, the chemosensitizing and radiosensitizing activities of this agent may be related to its inhibition of autophagocytosis, a cellular mechanism involving lysosomal degradation that minimizes the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) related to tumor reoxygenation and tumor exposure to chemotherapeutic agents and radiation. Compared to chloroquine, mefloquine has better blood-brain-barrier (BBB) penetration. 
it is a seventenn-membered polypeptide consisting of Phe, Gly, Gly, Phe, Thr, Gly, Ala, Arg, Lys, Ser, Ala, Arg, Lys, Leu, Ala, Asn and Gln residue joined in sequence. It has a role as a human metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is an organic molecular entity and a polypeptide. 
it is an amino fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-aminopentanoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 5-aminopentanoic acid. 
it is a synthetic small molecule, derived from quinazolinone, with antineoplastic properties. it selectively inhibits the mitotic motor protein, kinesin spindle protein (KSP), resulting in inhibition of mitotic spindle assembly, induction of cell cycle arrest during the mitotic phase, and cell death in tumor cells that are actively dividing. Because KSP is not involved in nonmitotic processes, such as neuronal transport, it may be less likely to cause the peripheral neuropathy often associated with the tubulin-targeting agents. 
it is an O-acyl-D-carnitine in which the acyl group specified is acetyl. It is an O-acetylcarnitine and an O-acyl-D-carnitine. It is an enantiomer of an O-acetyl-L-carnitine. 
Anthra[1,9-cd]pyrazol-6(2H)-one is a member of the class of anthrapyrazoles that is anthra[1,9-cd]pyrazole substituted at position 6 by an oxo group. An inhibitor of c-Jun N-terminal kinase. It has a role as a c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitor. It is an anthrapyrazole, a cyclic ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a perfluorinated compound that is perfluorooctane in which one of the terminal fluorines has been replace by a sulfamoyl group. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant. It is a sulfonamide and a perfluorinated compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylsulfates. Phenylsulfates are compounds containing a sulfuric acid group conjugated to a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as 1-methoxy-3-formylindole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indoles. Indoles are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2, 3-benzopyrrole. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-methoxy-1H-indole-3-carboxaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-methoxy-1H-indole-3-carboxaldehyde can be found in root vegetables. This makes 1-methoxy-1H-indole-3-carboxaldehyde a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is glyoxylic acid in which the aldehydic hydrogen is replaced by a 2-aminophenyl group. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a substituted aniline. It derives from a glyoxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-aminophenylglyoxylate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of apomorphine, a derivative of morphine and non-ergoline dopamine agonist with high selectivity for dopamine D2, D3, D4 and D5 receptors. it acts by stimulating dopamine receptors in the nigrostriatal system, hypothalamus, limbic system, pituitary gland, and blood vessels. This enhances motor function, suppresses prolactin release, and causes vasodilation and behavioral effects. it is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and erectile dysfunction. In addition, apomorphine hydrochloride acts on the chemoreceptor trigger zone and is used as a central emetic in the treatment of drug overdose. 
it (oxine) is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical intended for radiolabeling of autologous leukocytes.  It is composed of a 3:1 saturated complex of In-111 isotope and oxyquinoline. Indium-111 decays by isomeric transition and electron capture to cadmium-111, emitting a gamma ray that can be detected with a gamma ray camera. It is therefore useful in nuclear medicine, and is used in the labeling of leukocytes for localization of processes to which leukocytes migrate, such as those associated with abscesses or other infections. The degree of accuracy may vary with labeling techniques and with the size, location and nature of the inflammatory process.  Following intravenous administration, the lipid-soluble complex is able to penetrate platelet cell membranes. Once inside, Indium detaches from the oxyquinoline complexes and becomes attached to cytoplasmic components. 
it is a myo-it that is the 1,2-cyclic phosphate derivative of 1D-myo-inositol. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
2,5-bis(2-hydroxyethylamino)-3,6-diaziridinylbenzoquinone is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is 1,4-benzoquinone in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 have been replaced by aziridin-1-yl groups while the hydrogens at positions 3 and 6 have been replaced by (2-hydroxyethyl)amino groups. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an alkylating agent. It is a member of aziridines, an enamine, a primary alcohol, a secondary amino compound and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol acetate substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 2, an ethyl group at position 4 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is a member of chromenes, a monomethoxybenzene and an acetate ester. 
it is a propane-1,2-diol. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-propane-1,2-diol. 
An azo dye used in blood volume and cardiac output measurement by the dye dilution method. It is very soluble, strongly bound to plasma albumin, and disappears very slowly. 
it, also known as benzoyl CoA or S-benzoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, benzoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the trisodium salt form of zinc diethylene triamine pentaacetate (Zn-DTPA or pentetate zinc) with chelating activity. Upon administration, Zn-DTPA loses the Zn ion to form stable chelates with metal ions because DTPA has a higher affinity for heavy metal ions than for Zn ions. Specifically, this agent is able to bind to and form strong complexes with the radioactive plutonium, americium, and cerium after internal contamination. The formation of these heavy metal chelates enhances radionuclide excretion. 
it is a carotenol having the structure of 1,2-dihydro-psi,psi-carotene with a hydroxy function at C-1. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a carotenol and a tertiary alcohol. 
Ethyl 2, 4-dioxohexanoate, also known as ethyl 2, 4-diketocaproate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-acylpyruvic acids. 3-Acylpyruvic acids are compounds containing a pyruvic acid substituted at the 3-position by an acyl group. Ethyl 2, 4-dioxohexanoate is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ethyl 2, 4-dioxohexanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as c12-14-iso-alkanes, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as white crystals with a strong phenol odor. Slightly soluble to soluble in water, depending on the isomer, and denser than water. Noncombustible. Used as an intermediate in organic synthesis of dyes and drugs. it is a monochlorophenol substituted at the pare position by a chlorine atom. 
The mineral component of bones and teeth; it has been used therapeutically as a prosthetic aid and in the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis. 
it is a phenylalanine derivative that is the ethyl ester of ochratoxin A. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite, a Penicillium metabolite and a mycotoxin. It is an alpha-amino acid ester, a phenylalanine derivative and a member of isochromanes. It derives from an ochratoxin A. 
Menogaril is a semisynthetic derivative of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic nogalamycin. Menogaril intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin. (NCI04) 
N-aminopropylmorpholine appears as a colorless liquid with a faint, fishlike odor. Burns, but requires some effort to ignite. Corrosive to tissue. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is a member of the class of morpholines that is morpholine substituted by a 3-aminopropyl group a the N atom. It is a member of morpholines and a primary amino compound. It derives from a morpholine. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 13-it It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an octadeca-9,11-dienoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (13R)-it. 
it is a meroterpenoid isolated from the marine sponge Aka coralliphaga and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against phosphatidylinositol-3-OH kinase. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor. It is a meroterpenoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a polyphenol, an aldehyde and a cyclic ether. 
Phenytoin Sodium is the sodium salt form of phenytoin, a hydantoin derivate and non-sedative antiepileptic agent with anticonvulsant activity. Phenytoin sodium promotes sodium efflux from neurons located in the motor cortex, thereby stabilizing the neuron and inhibiting synaptic transmission. This leads to a reduction in posttetanic potentiation at synapses, an inhibition of repetitive firing of action potentials and ultimately inhibits the spread of seizure activity. 
it appears as brown solid or clear to amber liquid with a soapy odor. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) 
it appears as a colorless odorless nonflammable liquid. Poisonous by inhalation. Emits toxic fumes of chlorine and fluorine when heated to decomposition. 
it is a member of the class of acetophenones that is 1-phenylethanone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and methoxy groups at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an anti-asthmatic drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, a peripheral nervous system drug and a plant metabolite. It is a member of acetophenones, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. 
it is an orally bioavailable, specific inhibitor of histone deacetylase 6 (HDAC6) with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively targets and binds to HDAC6, thereby disrupting the Hsp90 protein chaperone system through hyperacetylation of Hsp90 and preventing the subsequent aggresomal protein degradation. This leads to an accumulation of unfolded and misfolded ubiquitinated proteins and may eventually induce cancer cell apoptosis, and inhibition of cancer cell growth. HDAC6, a class II HDAC deacetylase located in the cytoplasm, appears to play a key role in the formation and activation of the aggresomes needed for degradation of misfolded proteins. Compared to non-selective HDAC inhibitor, it is able to reduce the toxic effects on normal, healthy cells. 
it is a salicylanilide derivative with bromo- substituents at C-3 and C-5 of the salicylate moiety and at C-4 of the anilide moiety. It derives from a salicylanilide. it is a salicylanilide derivative with antibacterial and antifungal activities banned by FDA due to its photosensitizing effect. it is used as disinfectant in medicated soaps. 
Carminic acid appears as dark purplish-brown mass or bright red or dark red powder. Darkens at 248Â°F. Deep red color in water. Yellow to violet in acidic aqueous solutions. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a dipeptide comprising D-serine with a D-alanyl residue attached to the alpha-nitrogen. It is a tautomer of a it. 
Ranitidine Bismuth Citrate is a member of the class of histamine H2-receptor antagonists with antacid activity. Ranitidine is a competitive and reversible inhibitor of the action of histamine, released by enterochromaffin-like (ECL) cells, at the histamine H2-receptors on parietal cells in the stomach, thereby inhibiting the normal and meal-stimulated secretion of stomach acid. In addition, other substances that promote acid secretion have a reduced effect on parietal cells when the H2 receptors are blocked. 
it is a white powder with a weak chlorine odor. Conflagrates at 414Â°F (turns brown). Chlorine gas evolves at temperatures > 410Â°F. (NTP, 1992) 
it is an unspecified mixture of (2R)- and 2(S)-D-gluco-heptonic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a carbohydrate acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2xi)-D-gluco-heptonate. 
Crystals. Used as a fungicide; a seed, soil, and turf treatment, especially for cereals, sorghum, sugar beets, cotton, and flax. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is an L-cysteine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-cysteine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is an amino acid amide, a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide and a L-cysteine derivative. 
O-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthols and derivatives. These are naphthalene derivatives carrying one or more hydroxyl (-OH) groups at any ring position. O-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. O-it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. In humans, O-it is involved in the naproxen action pathway. 
Penicilloyl polylysine is a polypeptide in which the epsilon-amino group of each L-lysine residue in poly-L-lysine is substituted with a benzylpenicilloyl group. It derives from a poly(L-lysine) macromolecule. 
it is a non-ionic gadolinium chelate having a macrocyclic tetraamine framework. It is used as a paramagnetic contrast agent in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). It has a role as a MRI contrast agent. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid and a C20-gibberellin. It is a conjugate acid of a gibberellin A44 (2-) (diacid form). 
it is a beta-alanine derivative that is propanoic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens at position 3 is replaced by a (2-hydroxyethyl)nitrilo group. It is a secondary amino compound, a beta-alanine derivative and a primary alcohol. It derives from a beta-alanine. 
3-Oxooctanoyl-CoA, also known as 3-ketooctanoyl-CoA or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. 3-Oxooctanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Oxooctanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-oxooctanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-Oxooctanoyl-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, 3-oxooctanoyl-CoA is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway. 3-Oxooctanoyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include short chain acyl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (scad deficiency), trifunctional protein deficiency, the fatty acid elongation in mitochondria pathway, and medium chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (mcad). 
Octreotide Acetate is the acetate salt of a synthetic long-acting cyclic octapeptide with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin. Octreotide is a more potent inhibitor of growth hormone, glucagon, and insulin than somatostatin. Similar to somatostatin, this agent also suppresses the luteinizing hormone response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone, decreases splanchnic blood flow, and inhibits the release of serotonin, gastrin, vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP), secretin, motilin, pancreatic polypeptide, and thyroid stimulating hormone. 
it is a thiouridine in which the oxygen replaced by sulfur is that at C-2. It is a thiouridine and a nucleoside analogue. 
A long-acting barbiturate that depresses most metabolic processes at high doses. It is used as a hypnotic and sedative and may induce dependence. Barbital is also used in veterinary practice for central nervous system depression. 
it is a long acting glyco-pegylated recombinant form of human granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF), with hematopoietic activity. Similar to G-CSF, it binds to and activates specific cell surface receptors, and stimulates neutrophil progenitor proliferation and differentiation. Therefore, this agent may prevent the duration and incidence of chemotherapy-induced neutropenia. Compared to filgrastim, it has a prolonged plasma half-life. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of heptanoic acid. It derives from a coenzyme A and a heptanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it appears as a water-white liquid with an amine-like odor. Less dense than water and poorly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. May be toxic by inhalation, ingestion or skin absorption. 1-hexanamine is a 6-carbon primary aliphatic amine. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a tartrate salt that is the hemitartrate salt of pimavanserin. An atypical antipsychotic that is used for treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson's disease. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent, a serotonergic antagonist and a 5-hydroxytryptamine 2A receptor inverse agonist. It contains a pimavanserin(1+). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester that is the monomethyl ester of adipic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and a plasticiser. 
it is a yellow solid with a slight odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a dinitrobenzene that is benzene disubstituted at positions 1 and 3 with nitro groups. It has a role as a neurotoxin. 
it is a glycine derivative that is the methyl ester of hippuric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a glycine derivative and a methyl ester. It derives from a N-benzoylglycine. 
4-(Prop-2-en-1-yl)benzene-1, 2-diol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechols. Catechols are compounds containing a 1, 2-benzenediol moiety. 4-(Prop-2-en-1-yl)benzene-1, 2-diol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-methionine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-methionine. 
Fosfonet Sodium is a sodium salt formulation of phosphonoacetic acid with activity against herpes simplex viruses and other members of the herpes virus family. Fosfonet inhibits viral DNA polymerase and inhibits the synthesis of viral DNA. Fosfonet Sodium Anhydrous is an anhydrous sodium salt formulation of phosphonoacetic acid with activity against herpes simplex viruses and other members of the herpes virus family. Fosfonet inhibits viral DNA polymerase and inhibits the synthesis of viral DNA. 
Pasireotide aspartate is an aspartate salt that is the diaspartate salt of pasireotide. A somatostatin analogue with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin; used for treatment of Cushing's disease. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a prodrug. It contains a pasireotide(2+). 
it appears as colorless or reddish-brown mobile liquids with a penetrating odor. Flash points 140Â°F. Denser than water and soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May be toxic by ingestion, skin absorption or inhalation. it is an aldehyde that is furan with the hydrogen at position 2 substituted by a formyl group. It has a role as a Maillard reaction product and a metabolite. It is a member of furans and an aldehyde. It derives from a furan. 
it is a monohydroxyacetophenone carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 4'. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fungal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 1-phenylethanol. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-1-phenylethanol. 
it is a pyrimidinecarboxamide that is nicotinamide in which one of the hydrogens attached to the carboxamide nitrogen is replaced by a 2-(nitrooxy)ethyl group. It has both nitrate-like and ATP-sensitive potassium channel activator properties, and is used for the prevention and treatment of angina pectoris. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and a potassium channel opener. It is a pyridinecarboxamide and a nitrate ester. It derives from a nicotinamide. it is a niacinamide derivative, a plasma membrane adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-sensitive potassium (K+) (KATP) channel activator and a nitric oxide (NO) donor, with vasodilatory, antihypertensive and potential cardio- and lung-protective activities. Upon administration, it binds to and opens KATP channels, which causes relaxation of vascular smooth muscles, stimulates vasodilatation, reduces vasoresistance, decreases blood pressure and protects the myocardium against ischemia. In addition, it exerts nitrate-like properties, through the stimulation of guanylate cyclase, the downregulation of Rho-kinase activity and the further promotion of venous vasodilation. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it may exhibit protective activity against radiation-induced lung and heart toxicity, possibly by preventing both accumulation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and ROS-induced cellular damage. 
it is a triazole insecticide that is 1H-1,2,4-triazole which is substituted at positions 1, 3, and 5 by N,N-dimethylaminocarbonyl, tert-butyl, and (2-ethoxy-2-oxoethyl)sulfanediyl groups, respectively. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is a triazole insecticide, an aryl sulfide and an ethyl ester. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-1,2,4-triazole. 
it is a member of guanidines. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor and an antiviral agent. it is a sialic acid-analogue neuraminidase inhibitor with antiviral activity. Administered into the respiratory tract by aerosol inhalation, it selectively binds to and inhibits influenza A and B virus neuraminidase-mediated cleavage of sialic acid residues in host cell membrane-bound glycoprotein receptors for influenza viruses, preventing the release of progeny viruses from host cell surfaces and, so, further viral replication. 
it is an organic cation that is 6a,12a-dihydrobenzo[a]phenoxazin-7-ium substituted by amino and dimethylamino groups at positions 5 and 9 respectively. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'it A' 
it is an ammonium betaine that is pipecolic acid zwitterion with methyl groups substituted for the two hydrogens at the nitrogen. It is found in in fruits, seeds, and leaves of orange, lemon, and bergamot. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point 96Â°F. Melting point 54Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a trioxane that is 1,3,5-trioxane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 4 and 6. It has a role as a sedative. 
Diphosphoramide, it- is a dark brown viscous liquid. Used as an insecticide and as an acaricide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a hydroxypregnenolone that is pregnenolone which has been substituted by a hydroxy group at position 21. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a hydroxypregnenolone, a 21-hydroxy steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
Arginyl-isoleucine, also known as it or arg-ile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Arginyl-isoleucine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is decahydroazuleno[4,5-b]furan-2(3H)-one substituted by methylidene groups at positions 3, 6 and 9 and a hydroxy group at position 8. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, a guaiane sesquiterpenoid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a sesquiterpene lactone and a secondary alcohol. 
it appears as light tan powder or white solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a monocarboxylic acid that is the O-phenyl derivative of glycolic acid. A metabolite of 2-phenoxyethanol, it is used in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, pesticides, fungicides and dyes. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, an Aspergillus metabolite, a plant growth retardant and an allergen. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ether. It derives from a glycolic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phenoxyacetate. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside derived from 2-hydroxy-7-methoxy-3-oxo-3,4-dihydro-2H-1,4-benzoxazine. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a benzoxazine, an aromatic ether and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a HBOA. 
it is a synthetic morphinane alkaloid that is morphinone in which the enone double bond has been reduced to a single bond, the hydrogen at position 14 has been replaced by a hydroxy group, and the methyl group attached to the nitrogen has been replaced by an allyl group. A specific opioid antagonist, it is used (commonly as its hydrochloride salt) to reverse the effects of opioids, both following their use of opioids during surgery and in cases of known or suspected opioid overdose. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor antagonist, a central nervous system depressant and an antidote to opioid poisoning. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a morphinane alkaloid and a tertiary alcohol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. it is a thebaine derivate with competitive opioid antagonistic properties. it reverses the effects of opioid analgesics by binding to the opioid receptors in the CNS, and inhibiting the typical actions of opioid analgesics, including analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia, and physical dependence. it binds to mu-opioid receptors with a high affinity, and a lesser degree to kappa- and gamma-opioid receptors in the CNS. 
it is the orally bioavailable hydrobromide salt of the racemic bicyclic phthalene derivative citalopram with antidepressant activity. As a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), citalopram selectively inhibits the CNS neuronal reuptake of serotonin, thereby potentiating serotonergic activity in the central nervous system (CNS). This agent has minimal effects on the CNS neuronal reuptake of norepinephrine (NE) and dopamine (DA). 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it dizwitterion. 
it is a peptide anion that is the conjugate base of Gly-Glu, obtained by deprotonation of the terminal and side-chain carboxy groups and protonation of the terminal amino group. It is a conjugate base of a Gly-Glu. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its, consisting of pyrrolidine in which the hydrogens at position 2 are replaced by an oxo group. The lactam arising by the formal intramolecular condensation of the amino and carboxy groups of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). It has a role as a polar solvent and a metabolite. 
it is a chlorphenamine. It is an enantiomer of a levochlorpheniramine. it is an alkylamine, and first-generation histamine antagonist with anti-allergic activity. it competitively blocks H1 receptors, thereby preventing the actions of histamine on bronchial smooth muscle, capillaries and gastrointestinal (GI) smooth muscle. The antagonistic action of this agent blocks the activities of endogenous histamine, thereby preventing histamine-induced bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, and GI smooth muscle spasms. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, fruity, and green taste. 
Methyl dopa appears as colorless or almost colorless crystals or white to yellowish-white fine powder. Almost tasteless. In the sesquihydrate form. pH (saturated aqueous solution) about 5.0. (NTP, 1992) Alpha-methyl-L-dopa is a derivative of L-tyrosine having a methyl group at the alpha-position and an additional hydroxy group at the 3-position on the phenyl ring. It has a role as a hapten, an antihypertensive agent, an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a peripheral nervous system drug and a sympatholytic agent. It is a L-tyrosine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. it is a phenylalanine derivative and an aromatic amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it is a prodrug and is metabolized in the central nervous system. The antihypertensive action of it seems to be attributable to its conversion into alpha-methylnorepinephrine, which is a potent alpha-2 adrenergic agonist that binds to and stimulates potent central inhibitory alpha-2 adrenergic receptors. This results in a decrease in sympathetic outflow and decreased blood pressure. 
KT 5720 is an organic heterooctacyclic compound that is 1H,1'H-2,2'-biindole in which the nitrogens have undergone formal oxidative coupling to positions 2 and 5 of hexyl (3S)-3-hydroxy-2-methyltetrahydrofuran-3-carboxylate (the 2R,3S,5S product), and in which the 3 and 3' positions of the biindole moiety have also undergone formal oxidative coupling to positions 3 and 4 of 1,5-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-one. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.11 (cAMP-dependent protein kinase) inhibitor. It is an organic heterooctacyclic compound, a gamma-lactam, a tertiary alcohol, a carboxylic ester, a hemiaminal, a semisynthetic derivative and an indolocarbazole. It derives from a K-252a. 
it appears as a colorless, fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Used to make other chemicals and in rockets. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Will accelerate the burning of combustible material. If the containers are involved in a fire they may rupture violently and rocket. 
it appears as a crystalline structure. Highly toxic. May explode under exposure to intense heat or fire. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. 
13,14-dihydro-15-oxoprostaglandin E1 is a prostaglandin E obtained by formal oxidation of the 15-hydroxy group and hydrogenation of the 13,14-double bond of prostaglandin E1. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a prostaglandin E1. It is a conjugate acid of a 13,14-dihydro-15-oxoprostaglandin E1(1-). 
Prisms (from benzene, petroleum ether) or white crystals. Odor threshold 30 Âµg/L at 68-72Â°F; 33 Âµg/L at 86Â°F. Taste threshold 0.5 Âµg/L. (NTP, 1992) it is a dichlorophenol with the chloro substituents at positions 2 and 5. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a methyl ketone that is tridecane in which the methylene hydrogens at position 2 are replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a flavouring agent. It derives from a hydride of a tridecane. 
it, also known as it or 5-methyl-2-(N-pyrrolidinomethyl)furan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aralkylamines. These are alkylamines in which the alkyl group is substituted at one carbon atom by an aromatic hydrocarbyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-[(5-methyl-2-furanyl)methyl]pyrrolidine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-[(5-methyl-2-furanyl)methyl]pyrrolidine can be found in mollusks. This makes 1-[(5-methyl-2-furanyl)methyl]pyrrolidine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an acrid odor. Vapors irritate eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Long-term inhalation of low concentrations or short-term inhalation of high concentrations can result in adverse health effects. 
(1XI, 4XI, 6XI)-Carvone oxide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxepanes. Oxepanes are compounds containing an oxepane ring, which is a seven-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen and six carbon atoms (1XI, 4XI, 6XI)-Carvone oxide is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1xi, 4xi, 6xi)-carvone oxide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1xi, 4xi, 6xi)-carvone oxide can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (1xi, 4xi, 6xi)-carvone oxide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is tetracycline in which the hydrogen at position 7 is substituted by chlorine and a hydrogen attached to the amide nitrogen is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group. A tetracyline antibiotic, it is used to treat acne, urinary tract infections, gum disease, and other bacterial infections such as gonorrhoea and chlamydia. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial drug, an antiprotozoal drug and a protein synthesis inhibitor. It is a member of tetracyclines and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is an anthraquinone pigment obtained from the mould Aspergillus nidulans. It has a role as a metabolite and a biological pigment. 
it is a member of the class of thiadiazoles that is 1,2,4-thiadiazole which is substituted at positions 3 and 5 by trichloromethyl and ethoxy groups, respectively. A fungicide, it has been used particularly for the control of Phytophthora and Pythium species in soils. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical and a nitrification inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a member of thiadiazoles, an organochlorine compound and a thiadiazole antifungal agent. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in garlic, onion-family vegetables, and soft-necked garlic. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
5-nitrobenzotriazol appears as a solid or liquid. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. 
it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic that is (1S,3S)-3,5,12-trihydroxy-3-(1-hydroxyethyl)-10-methoxy-6,11-dioxo-1,2,3,4,6,11-hexahydrotetracene having a 3-amino-2,3,6-trideoxy-alpha-L-lyxo-hexopyranosyl residue attached at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. It is an anthracycline, an aminoglycoside antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative, a deoxy hexoside and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. 
it is the D-enantiomer of valine. It is a valine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a D-valinium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-valinate. It is an enantiomer of a L-valine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a 3-phenylprop-2-enal that has Z configuration. It has a role as a volatile oil component. It is a member of cinnamaldehydes and a 3-phenylprop-2-enal. 
it is an acyclic it. It has a role as an iron chelator and a siderophore. It is a conjugate acid of a it B(3-). it is an iron-chelating agent that binds free iron in a stable complex, preventing it from engaging in chemical reactions. it chelates iron from intra-lysosomal ferritin and siderin forming ferrioxamine, a water-soluble chelate excreted by the kidneys and in the feces via the bile. This agent does not readily bind iron from transferrin, hemoglobin, myoglobin or cytochrome. (NCI04) 
it is an N-acylglycine that is the 3-methyl derivative of hippuric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a N-benzoylglycine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-phthalic acid and derivatives. P-phthalic acid and derivatives are compounds containing a benzene ring bearing a carboxylic acid group at ring carbon atoms 1 and 4. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an organic cation that is 5-phenylphenothiazin-5-ium substituted by amino groups at positions 3 and 7 as well as a nitro group at position 4. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'safranin O'. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. 
Sodium glycerol 2-phosphate is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of glycerol 2-phosphate. It contains a glycerol 2-phosphate(2-). 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol) in which the 1- and 2-acyl groups are specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl) and octadecanoyl (stearoyl) respectively. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
5-Hydroxy-2-benzyl-1, 3-dioxane, also known as 2-benzyl-1, 3-dioxan-5-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxane, an aliphatic six-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. 5-Hydroxy-2-benzyl-1, 3-dioxane is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-hydroxy-2-benzyl-1, 3-dioxane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
The N-acetyl derivative of CYSTEINE. It is used as a mucolytic agent to reduce the viscosity of mucous secretions. It has also been shown to have antiviral effects in patients with HIV due to inhibition of viral stimulation by reactive oxygen intermediates. 
it is a member of the class of catechols that is catechol in which one of the hydrogens that is ortho to a hydroxy group has been replaced by an isopropyl group. 
it appears as white to ivory microcrystals or off-white crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is 1H-imidazole-4-carboxamide which is substituted at position 5 by a 3,3-dimethyltriaz-1-en-1-yl group. It is used for the treatment of metastatic malignant melanoma, and in combination with other drugs for the treatment of Hodgkin's disease and soft-tissue sarcoma. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an alkylating agent, a prodrug and a carcinogenic agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of imidazoles and a triazene derivative. it is a triazene derivative with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and cross-links DNA during all phases of the cell cycle, resulting in disruption of DNA function, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. (NCI04) 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Denser than water. May ignite on contact with organic matter. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a second-generation cephamycin antibiotic having [(1-methyl-1H-tetrazol-5-yl)sulfanyl]methyl and {N-[(4-ethyl-2,3-dioxopiperazin-1-yl)carbonyl]-D-threonyl}amino side groups located at positions 3 and 7beta respectively. It is a peptide and a cephalosporin. it is a semisynthetic second-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is a mycotoxic indole alkaloid, consisting of fumitremorgin C lacking the 9-methoxy substituent. It has a role as a mycotoxin. It is an indole alkaloid and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid that is stearic (octadecanoic) acid substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyoctadecanoate. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. May be toxic by inhalation, ingestion or skin absorption. Used to make pharmaceuticals and other chemicals. 
DPDPE is a heterodetic cyclic peptide that is a cyclic enkephalin analogue, having D-penicillaminyl residues located at positions 2 and 5, which form the heterocycle via a disulfide bond. It has a role as a delta-opioid receptor agonist. 
it (carboxyimamidate) is a low molecular weight derivatized copolymer of ethylene and maleic anhydride. It has demonstrated antitumor activity against several animal models. It has calcium chelation activity but seems to inhibit growth of sensitive cells by disrupting nucleoside uptake and metabolism. 
Iduronic acid, also known as iduronate or acid, iduronic, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glucuronic acid derivatives. Glucuronic acid derivatives are compounds containing a glucuronic acid moiety (or a derivative), which consists of a glucose moiety with the C6 carbon oxidized to a carboxylic acid. Iduronic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Iduronic acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, iduronic acid is primarily located in the lysosome. 
it is a C20-gibberellin that consists of a tetracyclic skeleton bearing two carboxy and a formyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid, an aldehyde and a C20-gibberellin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is N-methyl-2-[(2-sulfanylethyl)sulfanyl]propanamide in which the thiol group has been converted into the corresponding O,O-dimethyl thiophoshate. Formerly used as an insecticide and acaricide, it is no longer approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. It is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It derives from a 2-((2-hydroxyethyl)sulfanyl)-N-methylpropionamide. 
it is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a 2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetamido group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is the anhydrous form of a broad-spectrum, semisynthetic aminopenicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is the orally bioavailable copper salt of D-gluconic acid. In addition to its roles as an enzyme cofactor for cytochrome C oxidase and superoxide dismutase, copper forms complexes with the thiocarbamate disulfiram (DSF) forming DSF-copper complexes, which enhances the DSF-mediated inhibition of the 26S proteasome; proteasome inhibition may result in inhibition of cellular protein degradation, cessation of cell cycle progression, inhibition of cellular proliferation, and the induction of apoptosis in susceptible tumor cell populations. 
it is a fluorobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid substituted by a fluoro group at position 3. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-fluorobenzoate. 
Carnosic acid, also known as carnosate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. Carnosic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, carnosic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a 1-benzofuran substituted at position 2 by a (5-oxo-2-thioxoimidazolidin-4-ylidene)methyl group, and at C-5 and C-6 by heavily substituted oxygen and nitrogen functionalities respectively. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
it is an anthracycline antibiotic that is aclacinomycin A in which the keto group on the trisaccharide fragment has been reduced in a stereospecific manner to the corresponding alcohol. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an aminoglycoside, an anthracycline, a polyketide, a member of phenols, a tertiary alcohol, a trisaccharide derivative, a methyl ester and a member of tetracenequinones. It derives from an aklavinone. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is an ancient Chinese herbal therapy for malarial fevers which has been recently found to have potent activity against many forms of malarial organisms, including chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium falciparum. Several it derivatives have been developed for clinical use in prevention and treatment of malaria, some of which have been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. 
it is a polyketide isolated from fungi that is a potent inhibitor of fungal and mammalian squalene synthase. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.21 (squalene synthase) inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic ketal, an oxabicycloalkane, a polyketide, a tertiary alcohol and a tricarboxylic acid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point 87Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a cyclic ketone that consists of cyclopentane bearing a single oxo substituent. It has a role as a Maillard reaction product. 
A thymus-dependent nonapeptide found in normal blood. Stimulates the formation of E rosettes and is believed to be involved in T-cell differentiation. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 11,12-dihydro-2H,6H,10H-dipyrano[2,3-f:2',3'-h]chromen-2-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 12, methyl groups at positions 6, 6, 10 and 11 and a propyl group at position 4 (the 10R,11S,12S stereoisomer). Isolated from Calophyllum lanigerum var austrocoriaceum and Calophyllum brasiliense, it exhibits potent activity against HIV-1 reverse transcriptase. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a delta-lactone, a cyclic ether and a secondary alcohol. 
Brostacillin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of brostacillin, a synthetic, alpha-bromoacrylic, second-generation minor groove binder (MGB), related to distamycin A, with potential antineoplastic activity. Brostallicin binds to DNA minor groove DNA, after having formed a highly reactive glutathione (GSH)-brostallicin complex in the presence of the enzyme glutathione S-transferase (GST), which is overexpressed in cancer cells; DNA replication and cell division are inhibited, resulting in tumor cell death. Compared to typical MGBs, this agent appears to bind covalently to DNA in a different manner and its activity does not depend on a functional DNA mismatch repair (MMR) mechanism. Accordingly, brostallicin may be effective against MMR-defective tumors that are refractory to various anticancer agents. 
Delta(1)-progesterone is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is progesterone which has been oxidised to introduce a double bond between positions 1 and 2. It is a 20-oxo steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It derives from a progesterone. It derives from a hydride of a steroid fundamental parent. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion of N-(5'-phosphopyridoxyl)-D-alanine having anionic carboxy, hydroxy and phosphate groups with the secondary amino group and pyridine nitrogen protonated. It has a role as an epitope and an antigen. It is a conjugate base of a N-(5'-phosphopyridoxyl)-D-alanine. 
it appears as colorless needles. Used as a raw material in the production of metallic gallium and in the processing of mono crystal semiconductor compounds. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from phosphonic acid It is a phosphorus oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
itmycin Sulfate is a mixture of the sulfate salts of basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. itmycin sulfate forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
Pyridine, 4-amino- is a white crystalline material with no odor. Used as an avicide, an intermediate and as a fixer for some textile dyes. (EPA, 1998)  It has been approved by the FDA for use as a treatment for multiple sclerosis. it is an aromatic amine that is pyridine bearing a single amino substituent at position 4. An orphan drug in the US, it is used to improve walking in adults with multiple sclerosis. It has a role as an avicide, a potassium channel blocker and an orphan drug. It is an aromatic amine and an aminopyridine. 
it appears as odorless colorless crystals or white powder. Sublimes readily at 217Â°F and 54 mm Hg. Cooling saline taste. it is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of ethanol with carbamic acid. It has been found in alcoholic beverages. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a mutagen. it is a colorless and odorless, crystalline compound that emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides when heated to decomposition. it is mainly used in the production of amino resins, but is also used in the manufacture of pesticides, fumigants, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. Exposure to urethan can affect the central nervous system, liver and can cause bone marrow suppression. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a cysteine derivative consisting of L-cysteine carrying an S-hydroxy-substituent. It is a L-cysteine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a S-oxy-L-cysteine. 
it is an N-substituted diamine that is pentane-1,4-diamine substituted by a 6-methoxyquinolin-8-yl group at the N(4) position. It is a drug used in the treatment of malaria and Pneumocystis pneumonia. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is an aminoquinoline, a N-substituted diamine and an aromatic ether. it is a synthetic, 8-aminoquinoline derivative with antimalarial properties. Although its mechanism of action is unclear, it bind to and alter the properties of protozoal DNA. This agent eliminates tissue (exo-erythrocytic) malarial infection, preventing the development of the erythrocytic forms of the parasite which are responsible for relapses in Plasmodium vivax and ovale malaria. it is active against late hepatic stages (hypnozoites, schizonts). (NCI04) it Phosphate is the phosphate salt form of it, a synthetic, 8-aminoquinoline derivative with antimalarial properties. Although its mechanism of action is unclear, it bind to and alter the properties of protozoal DNA. This agent eliminates tissue (exo-erythrocytic) malarial infection, preventing the development of the erythrocytic forms of the parasite which are responsible for relapses in Plasmodium vivax and ovale malaria. it is active against late hepatic stages (hypnozoites, schizonts). 
it is a guaiacyl lignin that is syringaresinol in which one of the phenolic hydrogens is replaced by a guaiacylglycerol group. It is found in Arabidopsis thaliana. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a guaiacyl lignin, a furofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and a polyphenol. It derives from a guaiacylglycerol and a syringaresinol. 
it is an amidobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid in which one of the anilino hydrogens is replaced by a 3,4-dimethoxycinnamoyl group. It has a role as an anti-asthmatic drug, a nephroprotective agent, an anti-allergic agent, a calcium channel blocker, an antineoplastic agent, an aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist and a hepatoprotective agent. It is a member of cinnamamides, a dimethoxybenzene, an amidobenzoic acid and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
An antineoplastic antimetabolite with immunosuppressant properties. It is an inhibitor of TETRAHYDROFOLATE DEHYDROGENASE and prevents the formation of tetrahydrofolate, necessary for synthesis of thymidylate, an essential component of DNA. 
it is an iridoid monoterpenoid that is 1,4a,5,6,7,7a-hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyran-4-carboxylic acid substituted at positions 1 and 7 by hydroxy and methyl groups respectively; the aglycone of 7-deoxyloganic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an iridoid monoterpenoid, a cyclopentapyran and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-deoxyloganetate. 
17beta-hydroxy-17-methylestra-4,9,11-trien-3-one is a synthetic non-aromatisable androgen and anabolic steroid. It binds strongly to the androgen receptor and has therefore also been used as an affinity label for this receptor in the prostate and in prostatic tumors. It has a role as an androgen. It is an anabolic androgenic steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3-oxo steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
5-Phospho-beta-D-ribosylaminium(1-) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a pentose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. 5-Phospho-beta-D-ribosylaminium(1-) is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroid lactones. These are sterol lipids containing a lactone moiety linked to the steroid skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in citrus. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is benzamide substituted on nitrogen by a 2-hydroxyethyl group and at the 4-position by an (N-methylpiperidinio)methyl group. It has a role as a hapten. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a piperidinium ion and a member of benzamides. 
it is a fluoroalkanoic acid that is nonanoic acid in which all of the hydrogens in the alkyl chain are replaced by fluorines. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant, a xenobiotic and a surfactant. It derives from a nonanoic acid. 
Linolenelaidic acid, also known as linolenelaidate or elaidolinolenic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lineolic acids and derivatives. These are derivatives of lineolic acid. Lineolic acid is a polyunsaturated omega-6 18 carbon long fatty acid, with two CC double bonds at the 9- and 12-positions. Linolenelaidic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Linolenelaidic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, linolenelaidic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, linolenelaidic acid can be found in fats and oils. This makes linolenelaidic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 4 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2-methyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-2-methyloxazole can be found in coffee and coffee products and potato. This makes 4-ethyl-2-methyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a N-acyl homoserine lactone that is the monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-oxohexanoic acid with the amino group of homoserine lactone. It is a N-acyl homoserine lactone and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a 3-oxohexanoic acid. 
it is the sodium salt of dichloroacetic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. Dichloroacetate ion inhibits pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase, resulting in the inhibition of glycolysis and a decrease in lactate production. This agent may stimulate apoptosis in cancer cells by restoring normal mitochondrial-induced apoptotic signaling. 
it, a benzoyl mustard derivative of distamycin A, is an alkylating agent that binds to the minor groove of DNA. It's association with severe myelotoxicity lead to the end of its development in favour of Î±-halogenoacrylamide derivatives such as [brostallicin], which have a favourable cytotoxicity/myelotoxicity ratio. Newer generations of DNA minor groove binding agents can more specifically recognize base pair sequences. it is a benzoyl mustard derivative of the antiviral agent distamycin A with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to A-T rich regions in the minor groove of DNA and alkylates at the N3 position of adenine in a highly sequence-specific manner. This prevents DNA replication, inhibits cellular proliferation and triggers apoptosis. Moreover, unlike other clinical nitrogen mustards, it does not carry out guanine-N7 alkylation in the major groove of DNA, which may lead to a high selectivity of action. 
it appears as a slightly yellowish liquid with a pungent odor. Water insoluble. Corrosive to the skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining L-cysteine with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an EC 4.3.1.3 (histidine ammonia-lyase) inhibitor, a flour treatment agent and a human metabolite. It contains a L-cysteinium. 
cis- And trans-2-isobutyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane, also known as iso-valeraldehyde propyleneglycol acetal 1 or 1, 3-dioxolane, 4-methyl-2-(2-methylpropyl), cis, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. cis- And trans-2-isobutyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, cis- and trans-2-isobutyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. cis- And trans-2-isobutyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane has a sweet, buttery, and dairy taste. 
it is the (-)-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is propanoic acid substituted by a 4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy group at position 2. It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid, an organofluorine compound and a member of pyridines. 
it is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl L-serine in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at both positions 1 and 2 are specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,2-dihexadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-L-serine(1-). 
it is a member of the class of benzamides, obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-iodobenzoic acid with the amino group of aniline. An obsolete fungicide once used mainly to control rust diseases. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzamides, an anilide, an organoiodine compound and a benzanilide fungicide. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid, the structure of which is that of stearic acid carrying a methyl group at C-10. It is a methyl-branched fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is an anthrapyrazole antineoplastic antibiotic. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair, as well as RNA and protein synthesis 
5-chloro-1,3-dimethyl-N-(1,1,3-trimethyl-1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran-4-yl)pyrazole-4-carboxamide is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-chloro-1,3-dimethylpyrazole-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 1,1,3-trimethyl-1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran-4-amine. It is an aromatic amide, a member of pyrazoles, an organochlorine compound and a member of 1-benzofurans. 
it is a member of the class of benzazepines that is 7,8-dimethoxy-1,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepin-2-one in which the amide hydrogen is replaced by a [{[(7S)-3,4-dimethoxybicyclo[4.2.0]octa-1,3,5-trien-7-yl]methyl}(methyl)amino]propyl} group. Used (as its hydrochloride salt) to treat patients with angina who have intolerance to beta blockers and/or heart failure. It has a role as a cardiotonic drug. It is a benzazepine, a tertiary amino compound, a carbobicyclic compound and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is an orally bioavailable, hyperpolarization-activated, cyclic nucleotide-gated (HCN) channel blocker, with negative chronotropic activity. Upon administration, it selectively binds to the intracellular portion of the HCN channel pore and blocks HCN channels in the pacemaker cells within the sinoatrial (SA) node. This inhibits the If (funny) pacemaker ion current, prevents the inward flow and intracellular accumulation of positively charged ions, reduces pacemaker activity and slows diastolic depolarization. This decreases heart rate, reduces myocardial oxygen demand and allows more time for blood to flow to the myocardium without affecting cardiac contractility. HCN channels, mixed sodium (Na+) and potassium (K+) channels that carry the inward If current, play a key role in the regulation of pacemaker firing rate in the SA node. The If pacemaker current, the inward flow of positively charged Na+-K+ ions, initiates the spontaneous diastolic depolarization phase and modulating heart rate. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is quercetagetin methylated at positions 4', 6 and 7. It is a member of flavonols, a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetagetin. 
Calcifediol is an orally available synthetic form of the calcitriol prohormone calcifediol (25-hydroxyvitamin D), which can be used for vitamin D supplementation, and with potential immunomodulating activity. Upon oral administration, calcifediol is taken up by the body and converted, in the kidneys, to the active form calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D or 1,25(OH)2D). This form increases and normalizes vitamin D plasma levels, which, in turn, regulates calcium plasma levels, and normalizes elevated parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels by suppressing both PTH synthesis, and secretion. Vitamin D modulates and enhances the innate and adaptive immune responses. This may improve unregulated inflammation and prevents the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Specifically, vitamin D binds to its receptor vitamin D receptor (VDR) which is widely expressed on immune cells and epithelial cells. This stimulates neutrophils, macrophages, and natural killer (NK) cells, and activates epithelial cells to produce antimicrobial peptides (AMPs). In addition, upon infection, vitamin D promotes the migration of myeloid dendritic cells (mDCs) to lymphoid organs where they activate B- and T-lymphocytes. 
it is the citrate salt form of itnil, a synthetic congener of fentanyl and related to the phenylpieridines, with analgesic property. it binds to and activates the mu-opioid receptor, thereby producing analgesia, respiratory depression, miosis, reduced gastrointestinal motility, and euphoria. In addition, this agent has a more rapid onset of action and shorter duration of action compared to fentanyl. 
TMP is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate in which the pyrimidine element is 5-methyluracil. Derived from breakdown of an RNA molecule, typically a tRNA modified at position 54 (U to T). It derives from a ribothymidine. It is a conjugate acid of a TMP(2-). 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aspartate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, an it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-isoleucinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-isoleucinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (present in dietary proteins), it has diverse physiological functions, such as assisting wound healing, detoxification of nitrogenous wastes, stimulating immune function, and promoting secretion of several hormones. Necessary for hemoglobin formation and regulating blood sugar and energy levels, it is concentrated in muscle tissues in humans. it is found especially in meats, fish, cheese, eggs, and most seeds and nuts. (NCI04) 
it is conjugate base of it having both the OH groups of the diphosphate deprotonated and a cationic amino group on the sugar ring. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it B is a polyene antifungal antibiotic produced by Streptomyces nodosus, with antifungal activity. it B binds to ergosterol, an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, thereby causing depolarization of the membrane and altering cell membrane permeability. This leads to leakage of important intracellular components, cell rupture, and eventually cell death. This agent may also induce oxidative damage in fungal cells and has been reported to stimulate host immune cells. 
Macrolide antibiotic obtained from cultures of Streptomyces fradiae. The drug is effective against many microorganisms in animals but not in humans. 
ite is a third generation semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. ite inhibits mucopeptide synthesis by binding to and inactivating penicillin binding proteins thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of bacterial cell walls. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-phenylalanine with the amino group of L-lysine. It derives from a L-phenylalanine and a L-lysine. 
it is a pyrazinoisoquinoline derivative with anthelminthic property. it increases the permeability of the tegument of susceptible worms, resulting in an influx and increase in intra-tegumental calcium leading to rapid contractions and paralysis of the worm's musculature through a subsequent increase in levels of calcium in the sarcoplasmic reticulum. In addition, vacuolization of the tegumental syncytium and blebbing results in tegument disintegration, leads to antigen exposure and elicit host defense responses to the worm. The result is the formation of granulomas and phagocytosis. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid derived from quinic acid by oxidation of the hydroxy group at position 3 to the corresponding keto group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 5-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a (-)-quinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-dehydroquinate. 
it, also known as 1, 1-bis(hexyloxy)-hexane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a mild, grassy, and green taste. 
The product of conjugation of cholic acid with taurine. Its sodium salt is the chief ingredient of the bile of carnivorous animals. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is used as a cholagogue and cholerectic. 
it is the beta-anomer of L-it. It derives from a beta-L-fucose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it appears as odorless white crystalline powder or lumps. Slightly alkaline (bitter) taste. pH (of freshly prepared 0.1 molar aqueous solution): 8.3 at 77Â°F. pH (of saturated solution): 8-9. Non-toxic. it is an organic sodium salt and a one-carbon compound. It has a role as an antacid and a food anticaking agent. It contains a hydrogencarbonate. it is the monosodium salt of carbonic acid with alkalinizing and electrolyte replacement properties. Upon dissociation, it forms sodium and bicarbonate ions. Ion formation increases plasma bicarbonate and buffers excess hydrogen ion concentration, resulting in raised blood pH. 
it is the alpha-anomer of N-acetyl-D-galactosamine 1-phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is the maleic acid salt of arterolane. It is an antimalarial drug used as a fixed combination with piperaquine. It has a role as an antiplasmodial drug and an antimalarial. It contains an arterolane(1+). 
it atom is the stable isotope of tin with relative atomic mass 116.902956, 7.68 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin (1)/2. 
(S)-2-methyl-1-(4-methylisoquinoline-5-sulfonyl)-1,4-diazepane is a member of the class of isoquinolines that is the sulfonamide formed by the formal condensation of the sulfo group of 4-methylisoquinoline-5-sulfonic acid with the 1-amino group of (S)-2-methyl-1,4-diazepane. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of isoquinolines and a N-sulfonyldiazepane. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-2-methyl-1-(4-methylisoquinoline-5-sulfonyl)-1,4-diazepane(2+). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
A water-soluble, colorless crystal with an acid taste that is used as a chemical intermediate, in medicine, the manufacture of lacquers, and to make perfume esters. It is also used in foods as a sequestrant, buffer, and a neutralizing agent. (Hawley's Condensed Chemical Dictionary, 12th ed, p1099; McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific and Technical Terms, 4th ed, p1851) 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is an analogue of L-phenylalanine having a 2-phenylethyl rather than a benzyl side-chain. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
Monosodium glutamate appears as white or off-white crystalline powder with a slight peptone-like odor. pH (0.2% solution)7.0. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of L-glutamic acid. It contains a L-glutamate(2-). 
Chymopapain, also known as tiron or bax 1526, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzenesulfonic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing a sulfonic acid or a derivative thereof that is linked to a benzene ring. Chymopapain is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, chymopapain is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, chymopapain can be found in fruits and papaya. This makes chymopapain a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of prostaglandins H that is prostaglandin H2 lacking the double bond at position 5. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a prostaglandins H, an oxylipin, a bridged compound, an olefinic compound, an organic peroxide and a secondary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an organoselenium compound that is seleninic acid in which the hydrogen attached to selenium is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a one-carbon compound and an organoselenium compound. It derives from a seleninic acid. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate compound having a 5'-adenosyl residue at the P(1)-position and a 5'-guanosyl residue at the P(4)-position. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate, an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a guanosine 5'-phosphate. 
it is tetraanion of cyclohexa-1,5-diene-1-carbonyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It is a conjugate base of a cyclohexa-1,5-diene-1-carbonyl-CoA. 
it is an orally bioavailable chlorinated salicylanilide, with anthelmintic and potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it specifically induces degradation of the androgen receptor (AR) variant V7 (AR-V7) through the proteasome-mediated pathway. This downregulates the expression of the AR variant, inhibits AR-V7-mediated transcriptional activity, and reduces AR-V7 recruitment to the prostate-specific antigen (PSA) gene promoter. it also prevents AR-V7-mediated STAT3 phosphorylation and activation. This inhibits AR/STAT3-mediated signaling and prevents expression of STAT3 target genes. Altogether, this may inhibit growth of AR-V7-overexpressing cancer cells. The AR-V7 variant, which is encoded by contiguous splicing of AR exons 1/2/3/CE3, is upregulated in a variety of cancer cell types, and is associated with both cancer progression and resistance to AR-targeted therapies. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines that is decane having guanidino groups at the 1- and 10-positions. It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent, a hypoglycemic agent and a nephrotoxin. It is a conjugate base of a synthalin A(2+). It derives from a hydride of a decane. 
A combined pharmaceutical preparation of Ipratropium Bromide and Albuterol Sulfate that is used to treat the symptoms of ASTHMA and CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE. 
it is this compound belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a 1,1-diol. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid or liquid if heated above 133Â° F with a pungent odor. It is commonly heated and shipped in a molten state. Soluble in water, but, decomposed by water to hydrobromic and phosphoric acid with evolution of heat. Reacts with organic materials to cause fire. Evolves highly toxic and corrosive gases when exposed to fire. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used to make other chemicals. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as yellow bell pepper, orange bell pepper, pepper (c. frutescens), and pepper (c. annuum). This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl cholines. These are acylated derivatives of choline. Choline or 2-Hydroxy-N, N, N-trimethylethanaminium is a quaternary ammonium salt with the chemical formula (CH3)3N+(CH2)2OH. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a C18, omega-6 acid fatty acid comprising a linolenic acid having cis- double bonds at positions 6, 9 and 12. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an omega-6 fatty acid and a linolenic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a gamma-linolenate. it is a polyunsaturated long-chain fatty acid with an 18-carbon backbone and exactly three double bonds, originating from the 6th, 9th and 12th positions from the methyl end, with all double bonds in the cis- configuration. 
2-amino-4-[hydroxy(methyl)phosphoryl]butanoic acid is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is 2-aminobutanoic acid which is substituted at position 4 by a hydroxy(methyl)phosphoryl group. It is a member of phosphinic acids and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it appears as white paste to clear, dark brown liquid (NTP, 1999). The sodium salts of any one or of a mixture of a group of saturated fatty acids derived from petroleum. 
it appears as a powdered or flaked solid. Insoluble in water. Very strongly irritates skin, eyes or mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. 
it is an it that is phenol bearing an O-sulfo substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a phenol. It is a conjugate acid of a phenyl sulfate. 
it is a lipid soluble methotrexate derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, thereby preventing the synthesis of purine nucleotides and thymidylate, with subsequent inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis. it also exhibits antiviral activity. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pulses and soy bean. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an organic polycyclic compound that is 1,2,6b,7,8,12b-hexahydroperylene-3,9-dione which is substituted at positions 1, 4, 7, and 10 by hydroxy groups (the all-S isomer). It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. It is an organic polycyclic compound, an aromatic ketone, a secondary alcohol and a member of phenols. 
it is a member of the class of oxindoles that is 3-methyleneoxindole in which one of the hydrogens of the methylene group has been replaced by a p-(dimethylamino)phenyl group. SU 4312 is a vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor protein tyrosine kinase 1/2 and platelet derived growth factor (PDGF) receptor inhibitor. It also inhibits the neuronal nitric oxide synthase (NOS) and exhibits neuroprotection against NO-mediated neurotoxicity. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of oxindoles, a tertiary amino compound and a substituted aniline. 
it is 3H-2,1-Benzoxathiole 1,1-dioxide in which both of the hydrogens at position 3 have been substituted by 3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxyphenyl groups. It is used as a laboratory indicator, changing from yellow below pH 3 to purple at pH 4.6, and as a size marker for monitoring the progress of agarose gel and polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. It has also been used as an industrial dye. It has a role as a two-colour indicator, an acid-base indicator and a dye. It is a sultone, an arenesulfonate ester, a 2,1-benzoxathiole, a member of phenols and an organobromine compound. 
it is an amino acid betaine obtaine by exhaustive methylation of the alpha-amino group of L-tryptophan with concomitant deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a xenobiotic and a fungal metabolite. It is an amino-acid betaine, a L-tryptophan derivative and an indole alkaloid. 
it is an N-acylpiperidine that is N-acetyl 4-(1,3-thiazol-2-yl)piperidine in which the thiazole ring is substituted at position 4 by a 5-(2,6-difluorophenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,2-oxazol-3-yl group and in which one of the hydrogens of the acetyl group is replaced by a 5-methyl-3-(trifluoromethyl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl group. It is a N-acylpiperidine, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a member of pyrazoles, an organofluorine compound, an isoxazoline and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is a phosphatidyl-L-serine in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups are both myristoyl. It is a phosphatidyl-L-serine and a tetradecanoate ester. 
it is an azatricycloalkane that is tricyclo(6.2.1.1(3,6))dodecane in which the four bridgehead CH groups are replaced by nitrogen atoms. It is a bridged compound, a tetramine and an azatricycloalkane. 
it, also known as it or his-leu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a naphthalen-1-one having an N-2,4-dichlorophenylglycinamido group at the 2-position and a [(2,4-dichlorophenyl)amino]sulfonyl group at the 7-position. It is a sulfonamide, a naphthalenone and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a glycosyloxyflavone that is isorhamnetin substituted at position 7 by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a glycosyloxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from a beta-D-glucose and an isorhamnetin. 
it is a pyridinecarboxamide that is pyridine-3-carboxamide substituted by a 2,4-difluorophenyl group at the carbamoyl nitrogen and a 3-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy group at position 2. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a pyridinecarboxamide. 
it has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Breast Cancer. it is an orally available, nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor degrader (SERD), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to the estrogen receptor and induces a conformational change that results in the degradation of the receptor. This may inhibit the growth and survival of ER-expressing cancer cells. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is 4,7-dihydroxycoumarin bearing an additional amino substituent at positions 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as fema 2932, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sweet, balsamic, and floral tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products, fruits, and pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of piperidines that is piperidine having a 2-(4-ethyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-tetrazol-1-yl)ethyl group at the 1-position as well as N-phenylpropanamido- and methoxymethyl groups at the 4-position. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an intravenous anaesthetic, a central nervous system depressant and a peripheral nervous system drug. It is a member of piperidines and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a synthetic short-acting opioid with analgesic and local anesthesia enhancing activity. it primarily binds to mu-opioid receptor, a G-protein-coupled receptor, thereby mimicking the actions of morphine, the prototypical mu receptor agonist. This agent induces anti-nociception responses mediated through inhibiting the release of various neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline; in addition, the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagon are also inhibited. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00359437 (it in the Prevention of Ascites Recurrence in Patients With Ascites Due to Cirrhosis of the Liver). 
it is a 5-alkylresorcinol that is resorcinol which is substituted by a tricosyl group at position 5. It is found in wheat bran. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 
it, also known as 4-mercaptopentanoic acid g-lactone or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiolanes. These are organic compounds containing thiolane, a five-member saturated ring containing four carbon atoms and a sulfur atom. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, dihydro-5-methyl-2(3H)-thiophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
T2 Toxin, also known as fusariotoxin T 2 or T 2 toxin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. T2 Toxin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, T2 toxin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). T2 Toxin is a potentially toxic compound. 
Daptomycin is an intravenously administered, broad spectrum antibiotic used to treat complex skin and tissue infections, endocarditis and bacteremia. Daptomycin is associated with a low to modest rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but is a very rare cause of clinically apparent liver injury. Daptomycin is a semi-synthetic cyclic lipopeptide antibiotic isolated form the bacterium Streptomyces roseosporus with broad-spectrum antibiotic activity against Gram-positive bacteria. Daptomycin has a distinct mechanism of action, in which it binds to bacterial membrane and causes rapid depolarization of the cell membrane due to calcium-dependant potassium efflux; the loss of membrane potential leads to inhibition of DNA, RNA and protein synthesis, resulting in bacterial cell death. This agent does not penetrate the outer membrane of gram-negative bacteria. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline powder. Dangerous fire risk when in contact with organic materials. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic similar to erythromycin with antimicrobial activity. it targets and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes. This prevents translocation of peptidyl tRNA leading to an inhibition of protein synthesis. 
Sucralfate is a medication that is widely used to prevent and treat a number of diseases in the gastrointestinal tract such as duodenal ulcers, gastro-esophageal reflux disease (GERD), gastritis, peptic ulcer disease, stress ulcer, in addition to dyspepsia.  It is considered a cytoprotective agent, protecting cells in the gastrointestinal tract from damage caused by agents such as gastric acid, bile salts, alcohol, and acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin), among other substances.  Sucralfate has been shown to be a well-tolerated and safe drug. It is sold under many brands and is available in both tablet and suspension forms.  It was approved by the FDA  1982 in tablet form, and in 1994 for the suspension form. Sucralfate is a nonabsorbable, aluminum salt of sucrose orasulfate with anti-ulcer, mucosa-protective and potentially anti-mucositis activity. Negatively charged sucralfate binds, through ionic bond formation, to positively charged proteins on mucosal surfaces, thereby creating a protective coating and physical barrier. This agent may also enhance the production of prostaglandin E2 locally, thereby promoting mucus production, increasing mucosal blood flow and stimulating epithelial proliferation and may contribute to the healing of damaged mucosa. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester that is the monomethyl ester of protoporphyrin. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a member of protoporphyrins. It derives from a protoporphyrin. 
it is a dication whose structure comprises a pentane backbone linking two 1-methylpyrrolidinium groups; a nicotinic antagonist used as a ganglionic blocking agent in hypertension. It contains a pyrrolidinium ion. 
it is a phenylurea that is urea substituted by 4-chloro-2-sulfooxyphenyl and 3,4-dichlorophenyl groups at positions 1 and 3 respectively. A metabolite of triclocarban. It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. 
it is a pyrazolopyrimidine that is 1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-4-amine which is substituted at positions 1 and 3 by tetrahydro-2H-pyran-4-yl and (m-chlorophenoxy)methyl groups, respectively. It is a selective inhibitor of the epsilon isoform of casein kinase 1 (CK1epsilon). It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a pyrazolopyrimidine, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether and a member of oxanes. 
it is an orally bioavailable non-steroidal androgen synthesis inhibitor of steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase (17,20 lyase) with potential antiandrogen activity. TAK-700 binds to and inhibits the steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase in both the testes and adrenal glands, thereby inhibiting androgen production. This may decrease androgen-dependent growth signaling and may inhibit cell proliferation of androgen-dependent tumor cells. The cytochrome P450 enzyme CYP17A1 (P450C17), localized to the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), exhibits both 17alpha-hydroxylase and 17,20-lyase activities, and plays a key role in the steroidogenic pathway that produces steroidal hormones, such as progestins, mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, androgens, and estrogens. 
it is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid having a 4-nitrophenyl substituent at the anomeric position. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is a member of the class of the class of phenylethanolamines that is (1S)-2-(methylamino)-1-phenylethan-1-ol in which the pro-S hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent, an anti-asthmatic drug, a bronchodilator agent, a vasoconstrictor agent, a central nervous system drug, a nasal decongestant, a xenobiotic and a plant metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol, a secondary amino compound and a member of phenylethanolamines. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a phenethylamine and a diastereomer of ephedrine with sympathomimetic property. it displaces norepinephrine from storage vesicles in presynaptic neurones, thereby releasing norepinephrine into the neuronal synapses where it stimulates primarily alpha-adrenergic receptors. It also has weak direct agonist activity at alpha- and beta- adrenergic receptors. Receptor stimulation results in vasoconstriction and decreases nasal and sinus congestion. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 2-(2H-phenanthro[3,4-d][1,3]dioxole in which the hydrogen at position 5 has been replaced by a 2-(dimethylamino)ethyl group. It is a cyclic acetal, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is an androstanoid that is androsta-1,4,6-triene substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 17. It has a role as an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, an androstanoid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. 
it is a cyclic ketone that is 3,4-dihydronaphthalen-1(2H)-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 6, and 8. It is a cyclic ketone, a beta-hydroxy ketone, a member of phenols and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 
it is a biflavonoid that is a 7, 4', 4'''-trimethyl ether derivative of amentoflavone. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone, a methoxyflavone and a ring assembly. It derives from an amentoflavone. 
it is an acetal obtained by formal condensation of N,N-dimethylformamide with methanol. it is a derivatisation agent used in gas-chromatography applications It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It is an acetal and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a N,N-dimethylformamide. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is 4-methyl-7-[(pyrimidin-2-yl)oxy]coumarin carring an additional [2-[(methylaminosulfonyl)amino]-3-fluoropyridin-4-yl]methyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an aryloxypyrimidine, a member of coumarins, a member of pyridines, an organofluorine compound and a member of sulfamides. 
it is an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid that is 2-naphthalenesulfonic acid substituted by an amino group at position 7 and a hydroxy group at position 4 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of naphthols. 
it is a yellow crystalline solid dissolved in a water-emulsifiable liquid carrier. Can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. Used as a fungicide. 
it is an azaphilone that is 7,8-dihydro-6H-2-benzopyran substituted by a methyl group at position 7, oxo groups at positions 6 and 8, a propenyl group at position 3 and a (2,4-dihydroxy-6-methylbenzoyl)oxy group at position 7. It is an azaphilone and a beta-diketone. 
it is a lignan that consists of tetrahydrofuran-2-ol substituted by two 1,3-benzodioxol-5-ylmethyl groups at positions 3 and 4 respectively (the 2S,3R,4R stereoisomer). It is isolated from the leaves of Piper nigrum and exhibits analgesic, anti-inflammatory, antimicrobial and trypanocidal activities. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a trypanocidal drug, an anti-inflammatory agent, an analgesic, a histamine antagonist and a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a member of benzodioxoles, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic acetal and a lactol. 
it is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxydecanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a hydroxy saturated fatty acid anion, a medium-chain fatty acid anion and a 3-hydroxy fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxydecanoic acid. 
it is a glycerol ether in which guaiacyl and guaiacylglycerol subunits are joined by an arylglycerol-beta-aryl (beta-O-4) linkage. It derives from a guaiacol. 
A benzodioxane alpha-adrenergic blocking agent with considerable stimulatory action. It has been used to diagnose PHEOCHROMOCYTOMA and as an antihypertensive agent. 
it is an amino fatty acid carrying amino substituents at positions 7 and 8. Some of its isomers are naturally occurring intermediates of biotin synthesis, and targets of antimicrobial and herbicide development. It is an amino monocarboxylic acid and an amino fatty acid. It derives from a nonanoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 7,8-diaminononanoate cation. It is a conjugate acid of a 7,8-diaminononanoate. 
it is a hydrochloride having methamphetamine as the base component. It contains a methamphetamine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of methamphetamine, an amphetamine and sympathomimetic amine with CNS stimulating properties. it acts by facilitating the release of catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and inhibits their uptake. This leads to an increase in synaptic concentration of these neurotransmitters and results in an increase of motor activity, causes euphoria, mental alertness and excitement and suppresses appetite. it causes dependence and may cause an increase in heart rate and blood pressure. 
it is a cephalosporin bearing {[1-(sulfomethyl)-1H-tetrazol-5-yl]sulfanyl}methyl and (R)-2-hydroxy-2-phenylacetamido groups at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a second-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
it F3B is an organic sodium salt resulting from the formal condensation of it F3B (acid form) with six equivalents of sodium hydroxide. A polyazo dye used principally in staining methods for collagen and amyloid. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a it F3B(6-). 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a glutaramic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxoglutaramate. 
1-monostearoylglycerol is a 1-monoglyceride that has stearoyl as the acyl group. It has a role as an algal metabolite and a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 
Atropine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of atropine, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. Atropine functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) Hyoscyamine is a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
it appears as colorless crystals with a camphor-like odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a tetramethylbenzene carrying methyl groups at positions 1, 2, 4 and 5. 
it is a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is hydrolyzed into its active form itat, which competitively inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the actions of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and leads to vasodilation. It also prevents angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, thereby promoting diuresis and natriuresis. 
it is a polyketide obtained from the fungus Alternaria brassicicola and having a highly unusual structure of an 11-carbon chain containing two epoxides and six stereogenic centres. It is an inhibitor of histone deacetylase (HDAC) both in vivo and in vitro and also exhibits anti-angiogenic activity. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. 
A peptide hormone of about 27 amino acids from the duodenal mucosa that activates pancreatic secretion and lowers the blood sugar level. (USAN and the USP Dictionary of Drug Names, 1994, p597) 
it is the carboxymethoxy derivative of succinic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(carboxylatomethoxy)succinate(3-). 
it is a reddish colored solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit the spread to the environment. It is used as a pigment and electroplating metals. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthrenes and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthrene moiety, which is a tricyclic aromatic compound with three non-linearly fused benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
all-trans-Decaprenyl diphosphate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bactoprenol diphosphates. These are polyprenyl compounds consisting of a diphosphate group substituted by a bactoprenyl moiety. all-trans-Decaprenyl diphosphate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, all-trans-decaprenyl diphosphate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and mitochondria. all-trans-Decaprenyl diphosphate exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2,6-dimethoxybenzoic acid and the amino group of 3-(3-methylpentan-3-yl)-1,2-oxazol-5-amine. It has a role as a herbicide and a cellulose synthesis inhibitor. It is a member of isoxazoles and a member of benzamides. 
it is tetraanion of it arising from deprotonation of the diphosphate and phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a hydrogen donor and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
Methyl 3-{4-[2-hydroxy-3-(propan-2-ylamino)propoxy]phenyl}propanoate is a methyl ester that is methyl 3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)propanoate in which the hydrogen attached to the phenolic hydroxy group is substituted by a 2-hydroxy-3-(isopropylamino)propyl group. It is an aromatic ether, a member of ethanolamines, a methyl ester, a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a 3-{4-[2-hydroxy-3-(propan-2-ylamino)propoxy]phenyl}propanoic acid. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefoxitin, a beta-lactam, second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a nonaprenol that is hexatriaconta-2,6,10,14,18,22,26,30,34-nonaen-1-ol substituted by 9 methyl groups at positions 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and 35 (the all-trans0stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a nonaprenol and a primary alcohol. 
it is a polypeptide obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains with antimicrobial activity. it exerts its antimicrobial effect through its cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Specifically, this antibiotic binds to the negatively charged site in the lipopolysaccharide layer of the bacterial cell membrane via electrostatic affinity with the positively charged amino groups in the cyclic peptide portion. Subsequently, the fatty acid portion of it dissolves in the hydrophobic region of the bacterial cell membrane. This results in an alteration in cell membrane structure, disruption of cell wall integrity and an increase in permeability for water and molecules. This will eventually lead to bacterial cell death. 
it is an epoxide of alpha-pinene. It has a role as a fragrance, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a pinane monoterpenoid and an epoxide. It derives from a hydride of an alpha-pinene. 
M 99 is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a pivaloyloxymethyl ester and a penicillanic acid ester. it is the pivoxil prodrug form of sulbactam, a semi-synthetic beta-lactamase inhibitor, with beta-lactam antibiotic adjuvant activity. After oral administration of it, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active sulbactam. The beta-lactam ring of sulbactam irreversibly binds to beta-lactamase at or near its active site, thereby blocking enzyme activity and preventing metabolism of other beta-lactam antibiotics by the enzyme. 
it, also known as dicarbethoxymethane or ethyl propanedioate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a sweet, apple, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an optically active form of allantoin having (S)-(+)-configuration. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-(-)-allantoin. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 5, 10-cycloaromadendrane sesquiterpenoids. These are aromadendrane sesquiterpenoids that arise from the C5-C10 cyclization of the aromadendrane skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, spathulenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is an earthy, fruity, and herbal tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as tarragon, hyssop, white cabbage, and common oregano. This makes spathulenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is conjugate acid of (-)-ephedrine. It is a conjugate acid of a (-)-ephedrine. It is an enantiomer of a (1S,2R)-ephedrine(1+). 
it is a colorless watery liquid with a sweet odor. Sinks in water. Produces irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) it is a chloroalkane that is propane in which a hydrogen from each of the terminal methyl groups has been replaced by a chlorine. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a nematicide. It is a chloroalkane and a chlorohydrocarbon. 
it is a cinnamaldehyde that is (E)-cinnamaldehyde substituted at position 4 on the phenyl ring by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It derives from an (E)-cinnamaldehyde. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl cholines. These are acylated derivatives of choline. Choline or 2-Hydroxy-N, N, N-trimethylethanaminium is a quaternary ammonium salt with the chemical formula (CH3)3N+(CH2)2OH. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a spermidine hydroxycinnamic acid conjugate in which each nitrogen of spermidine has entered into amide bond formation with a molecule of 4-coumaric acid. It derives from a 4-coumaric acid. 
it appears as golden yellow plates or brown powder. Melting point 196Â°C. Slightly soluble in water. Pale yellow aqueous solutions turn red on addition of alkali. Solutions in concentrated sulfuric acid are red. (NTP, 1992) it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone that is chrysazin with a methyl substituent at C-3. It has been isolated from Aloe vera and exhibits antiviral and anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as an antiviral agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It derives from a chrysazin. 
it is an L-tryptophan derivative that is L-tryptophan-6,7-dione in which a cysteine unit is attached at position 4 via its side-chain thiol group. It is a L-tryptophan derivative, a L-cysteine thioether and a member of orthoquinones. 
Soyasapogenol b belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Soyasapogenol b exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, soyasapogenol b is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, soyasapogenol b can be found in a number of food items such as tea, alfalfa, pulses, and yellow wax bean. This makes soyasapogenol b a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Tolterodine Tartrate is the tartrate salt form of tolterodine, a benzhydryl compound and a muscarinic receptor antagonist possessing both antimuscarinic and antispasmodic properties. Both tolterodine and its active metabolite, 5-hydroxymethyltolterodine, competitively blocks muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting acetylcholine receptor binding. This antagonistic action results in an increase in residual urine, reflecting an incomplete emptying of the bladder, and a decrease in detrusor pressure, indicating an antimuscarinic action on the lower urinary tract.. The 5-hydroxymethyl metabolite appears to contribute significantly to the therapeutic effects. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is quinoline-8-carboxylic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 7 have been replaced by chlorines. It is used (particularly as its dimethylamine salt, known as it-dimethylammonium) as a (rather persistent) herbicide for the post-emergence control of weeds in rice, grass and turf. It is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and a synthetic auxin. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, an organochlorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4, 2' and 4', a methoxy group at position 6' and a prenyl group at position 3'. Isolated from Humulus lupulus, it induces apoptosis in human malignant glioblastoma cells. It has a role as a metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, an antiviral agent, an EC 2.3.1.20 (diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase) inhibitor and an anti-HIV-1 agent. It is a member of chalcones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
A potent liver poison. In rats, it produces about three times the degree of liver microsomal lipid peroxidation as does carbon tetrachloride. 
it is a member of the class of tetraphenes that is tetraphene in which the hydrogen at position 1 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a urinary hydroxylated metabolite of tetraphene (benzo[a]anthracene). It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of tetraphenes and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydride of a tetraphene. 
it, also known as (S)-3-hydroxylauroyl-coa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as (s)-3-hydroxyacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a (S)-3-hydroxyl acylated coenzyme A derivative it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa) it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, it is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the fatty acid elongation in mitochondria pathway, trifunctional protein deficiency, the mitochondrial Beta-oxidation OF medium chain saturated fatty acids pathway, and very-long-chain acyl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (vlcad). 
it is a tetrachlorobenzene that is 1,2,4,5-tetrachlorobenzene in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 6 are replaced by hydroxy groups. It is a tetrachlorobenzene and a member of chlorohydroquinones. It derives from a 1,2,4,5-tetrachlorobenzene. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3,5,6-tetrachlorobenzene-1,4-bis(olate). 
it is an aralkylamino compound that is histamine bearing a methyl substituent at the 5 position on the ring. It has a role as a metabolite and a histamine agonist. It is a member of imidazoles and an aralkylamino compound. It derives from a histamine. 
it is a steroid sulfate that is the 3-sulfate of androsterone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a steroid sulfate and an androstanoid. It derives from an androsterone. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. 
it is a hexosamine that is D-glucitol in which the hydroxy group at position 1 is substituted by the nitrogen of a methylamino group. A crystalline base, it is used in preparing salts of certain acids for use as diagnostic radiopaque media, while its antimonate is used as an antiprotozoal in the treatment of leishmaniasis. It is a hexosamine and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a it. It is a conjugate acid of a D-threonate. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it is a potent broad spectrum antimicrobial agent, effective against gram positive and gram negative bacteria, yeast and fungi.it, vaginal gel is developed by Biosyn Inc. and has commenced enrollment in a phase III pivotal clinical trial for the reduction of sexual transmission of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). 
it is a sulfonamide that is N-phenylmethanesulfonamide substituted by a methoxy group at position 3 and an acridin-9-ylamino group at position 4. It exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, a member of acridines and an aromatic ether. it is an aminoacridine derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. Although its mechanism of action is incompletely defined, it may intercalate into DNA and inhibit topoisomerase II, resulting in DNA double-strand breaks, arrest of the S/G2 phase of the cell cycle, and cell death. This agent's cytotoxicity is maximal during the S phase of the cell cycle when topoisomerase levels are greatest. In addition, it may induce transcription of tumor promoter p53 protein and block p53 ubiquitination and proteasomal degradation, resulting in p53-dependent tumor cell apoptosis. 
3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA, also known as hydroxymethylglutaroyl coenzyme A or HMG-CoA, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-hydroxy-3-alkylglutaryl coas. These are alpha, omega dicarboxyacyl-CoA that result from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with one of the carboxy groups of 3-hydroxy-3-alkylglutaric acid. 3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA has been found in human intestine and endocrine gland tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as blood and urine. Within the cell, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm, mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum and peroxisome. In humans, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA is involved in the pamidronate action pathway, the cerivastatin action pathway, the atorvastatin action pathway, and the desmosterolosis pathway. 3-Hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include succinyl coa: 3-ketoacid CoA transferase deficiency, the mevalonic aciduria pathway, the maple syrup urine disease pathway, and Beta-ketothiolase deficiency. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-phenylalanine with the amino group of L-leucine. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of resorcinols that is a derivative of filicinic acid. Isolated from the stems and leaves of Hypericum drummondii, it exhibits antibacterial activity against Gram-positive bacteria Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus subtilis and the acid fast bacterium Mycobacterium smegmatis. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a methyl ketone, a member of resorcinols, an enol, an enone, an aromatic ether and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a filicinic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-cysteine and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dipeptide, a secondary carboxamide, a primary alcohol, a primary amino compound, a thiol and a carboxylic acid. It derives from a L-cysteine and a L-serine. 
it appears as a pale yellow to dark brown liquid. Flash point 190Â°F. Very slightly soluble in water. Toxic by inhalation and by skin absorption. Combustion give toxic oxides of nitrogen. Density 10.0 lb /gal. it is a nitroarene consisting of benzene carrying a single nitro substituent. An industrial chemical used widely in the production of aniline. It is a member of its and a nitroarene. it is a yellowish, oily, aromatic nitro-compound with an almond-like odor that emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides upon combustion. it is primarily used in the manufacture of aniline, but is also used in the manufacture of lubricating oils, dyes, drugs, pesticides, and synthetic rubber. Exposure to it irritates the skin, eyes and respiratory tract and can result in methemoglobinemia causing fatigue, dyspnea, dizziness, disturbed vision, shortness of breath, collapse and even death. it also damages the liver, spleen, kidneys and central nervous system. This substance is a possible mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an N-alkylpiperazine in which the two amino hydrogens of piperazine have been replaced by diphenylmethyl and 3-(2-phenyl-1,3-dioxolan-2-yl)propyl groups. A calcium channel blocker and serotonin (5-HT2) receptor antagonist used in the treatment of migraine. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker, a serotonergic antagonist and a vasodilator agent. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a dioxolane and a cyclic ketal. 
it is a copper cation and a monoatomic monocation. It has a role as a cofactor. Antihemophilic Factor, Human Recombinant is the recombinant form of human antihemophilic factor (AH)) (Factor VIII) with coagulation promoting activity. Antihemophilic factor binds to factor IXa in the coagulation cascade along with calcium and phospholipid. This complex converts factor X to the activated form, factor Xa. In turn, factor Xa/Va complex activates thrombin, which cleaves fibrinogen into fibrin, eventually resulting in blood clot formation. 
2', 5'-Dihydroxyacetophenone, also known as it or 1-(2, 5-dihydroxyphenyl)-ethanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 2', 5'-Dihydroxyacetophenone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2', 5'-dihydroxyacetophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
1, 2, 4-Tris(methylene)cyclohexane, also known as tripropylphosphine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched unsaturated hydrocarbons. These are hydrocarbons that contains one or more unsaturated carbon atoms, and an aliphatic branch. 1, 2, 4-Tris(methylene)cyclohexane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 2, 4-tris(methylene)cyclohexane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1, 2, 4-tris(methylene)cyclohexane can be found in fruits. This makes 1, 2, 4-tris(methylene)cyclohexane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A type of glycoside widely distributed in plants. Each consists of a sapogenin as the aglycone moiety, and a sugar. The sapogenin may be a steroid or a triterpene and the sugar may be glucose, galactose, a pentose, or a methylpentose. 
it is a chlorocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by chlorine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a chlorocarboxylic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-chloroacrylate. 
it is an organic sodium salt having thiopental(1-) as the counter-ion. It has a role as an intravenous anaesthetic. It contains a thiopental(1-). Thiopental Sodium is the sodium salt form of thiopental, an ultrashort-acting barbituric acid derivative, with anesthetic activity. Thiopental binds to the chloride ionophore site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A/chloride ionophore receptor complex, thereby enhancing the inhibitory actions of GABA-A in the brain. This leads to synaptic inhibition, decreased neuronal excitability and induction of anesthesia. In addition, this agent decreases glutamate (Glu) responses. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-alanyl and L-histidine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is vinorine bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 21. It is an indole alkaloid and a hemiaminal. It derives from a vinorine. 
it is a sulfonamide obtained by formal condensation of the sulfo group of 4-bromonaphthalene-1-sulfonic acid with the exocyclic amino group of 2-pyridylmethylamine. Mimics the action of the abscisic acid, a phytohormone. It has a role as a hormone, a plant growth regulator and an abscisic acid receptor agonist. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyridines, a member of naphthalenes and an organobromine compound. 
it appears as a colorless odorless liquid. Density 1.654 g / cm3. Used as a lachrymator poison gas. Toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. 
it is an azaspiro compound that is spirapril in which the ethyl ester group has been hydrolysed to the corresponding carboxylic acid group. It is the active metabolite of the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor spirapril. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and a drug metabolite. It is an azaspiro compound, a dicarboxylic acid, a dipeptide, a dithioketal, a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is a diester that is the (1R,1'R,2R,2'R)-diastereoisomer of atracurium, a quaternary ammonium ion consisting of pentane-1,5-diol with both hydroxy functions bearing 3-[1-(3,4-dimethoxybenzyl)-6,7-dimethoxy-2-methyl-3,4-dihydroisoquinolinium-2(1H)-yl]propanoyl groups. The active species in the skeletal muscle relaxant it besylate. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and a nicotinic antagonist. It is a diester and a quaternary ammonium ion. 
(e)-2-it, also known as 2-octen-1-al or (2E)-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms (e)-2-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule (e)-2-it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and urine. Within the cell, (e)-2-octenal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (e)-2-octenal can be found in black walnut and burdock. This makes (e)-2-octenal a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a bibenzimidazole and a N-methylpiperazine. It has a role as a fluorochrome and an anthelminthic drug. it is a fluorescent dye of benzimidazole derivative. it binds to AT-specific sites in the minor groove of duplex DNA and inhibits topoisomerase I, and DNA polymerase, thereby preventing DNA replication. This agent prolongs the G2 phase of the cell cycle and initiates apoptosis in tumor cells. (NCI04) 
An EPIDERMAL GROWTH FACTOR related protein that is found in a variety of tissues including EPITHELIUM, and maternal DECIDUA. It is synthesized as a transmembrane protein which can be cleaved to release a soluble active form which binds to the EGF RECEPTOR. 
9-alpha, 10-alpha-Epoxyhexahydrocannabinol, also known as aatth or ehhc, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. 9-alpha, 10-alpha-Epoxyhexahydrocannabinol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 9-alpha, 10-alpha-Epoxyhexahydrocannabinol has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 9-alpha, 10-alpha-epoxyhexahydrocannabinol is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the pivalate ester prodrug form of cefcapene, a semi-synthetic third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. After oral administration of it, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active cefcapene. 
it is a flavan glycoside that is (2S)-flavan substituted by a methoxy group at position 4', hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 5' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at position 3 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyflavan, a methoxyflavan, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a flavan glycoside. It derives from a (2S)-flavan. 
it is an ent-kaurane diterpenoid that is 5beta,8alpha,9beta,10alpha-kaur-16-en-18-oic acid in which the hydrogen at position 13 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, a tertiary allylic alcohol, a monocarboxylic acid, a bridged compound and an ent-kaurane diterpenoid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as it or fema 3701, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-acyloxy ketones. These are ketones that have an acyloxy substituent alpha to the carbonyl group. They have the general structure R4C(=O)OC(R2)(R3)C(R1)=O (R1=organyl, R4=H or organyl; R2, R3 = any atom). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, floral, and fruity taste. 
Bromosulfophthalein is an organosulfonic acid that consists of phthalide bearing four bromo substituents at positions 4, 5, 6 and 7 as well as two 4-hydroxy-3-sulfophenyl groups both located at position 1. It has a role as a dye. It is a member of 2-benzofurans, an organobromine compound, an organosulfonic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one. It is a conjugate acid of a bromosulfophthalein(2-). 
it is a branched C4 short-chain fatty acid carrying two methyl substituents at positions 2 and 3. The methyl group at the 2-position confers chirality, hence the compound has two possible enantiomers. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an unpleasant pungent odor. Flash point -20Â°F. Boiling point 113Â°F. Less dense than water (7.8 lb / gal) and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapor irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Vapors are heavier than air. Long exposure to low concentrations or short exposure to high concentrations may have adverse health effects from inhalation or skin absorption. 
it is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1,3-benzothiazole in which the hydrogens at the 2 and 6-pro-S-positions are substituted by amino and propylamino groups, respectively. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a dopamine agonist, an antidyskinesia agent and a radical scavenger. It is a member of benzothiazoles and a diamine. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is the pentanoate anion substituted at the alpha-carbon by a hydroxy group. The conjugate base of 2-hydroxypentanoic acid, it is the predominant species at physiological pH. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxypentanoic acid. 
it is a quinoline compound having a cyano group at the 3-position, a 3-chloro-4-(2-pyridylmethoxy)anilino group at the 4-position, a 4-dimethylamino-trans-but-2-enoylamido group at the 6-position, and an ethoxy group at the 7-position. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinolines and a nitrile. it is an orally available, 6,7-disubstituted-4-anilinoquinoline-3-carbonitrile irreversible inhibitor of the HER-2 receptor tyrosine kinase with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to the HER-2 receptor irreversibly, thereby reducing autophosphorylation in cells, apparently by targeting a cysteine residue in the ATP-binding pocket of the receptor. Treatment of cells with this agent results in inhibition of downstream signal transduction events and cell cycle regulatory pathways; arrest at the G1-S (Gap 1/DNA synthesis)-phase transition of the cell division cycle; and ultimately decreased cellular proliferation. it also inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) kinase and the proliferation of EGFR-dependent cells. 
it is an ethylenediamine derivative in which three of the four amine protons of ethylenediamine are replaced by carboxymethyl groups. It has a role as a chelator and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is an ethylenediamine derivative, a polyamino carboxylic acid, a tricarboxylic acid and a glycine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of an ethylenediaminetriacetate(2-). 
it, also known as 2-hydroxydihydrochalcone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retro-dihydrochalcones. These are a form of normal dihydrochalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a glycine derivative that is the carboxamide obtained by the formal condensation of the amino group of glycine with 2-furoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N-acylglycine and a member of furans. It derives from a 2-furoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(2-furoyl)glycinate. 
it is an organophosphonate oxoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from the phosphonic acid group of 1-aminocyclopropylphosphonic acid. It derives from a phosphonate(1-). It is a conjugate base of a 1-aminocyclopropylphosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a carbamate ester that is the propyl ester of 3-(dimethylamino)propylcarbamic acid. It is a systemic fungicide, used (normally as the hydrochloride salt) for the control of soil, root and leaf diseases caused by oomycetes, particularly Phytophthora and Pythium species. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a carbamate ester, a tertiary amino compound and a carbamate fungicide. It derives from a propan-1-ol. 
it is a fourteen-membered heterodetic cyclic peptide consisting of Cys, Cys, Glu, Tyr, Cys, Cys, Asn, Pro, Ala, Cys, Thr, Gly, Cys and Tyr residues joined in sequence and cyclised by three disulfide bonds: between Cys(1) and Cys(6), between Cys(2) and Cys(10), and between Cys(5) and Cys(13). Used for treatment of irritable bowel syndrome accompanied by constipation. It has a role as a guanylate cyclase 2C agonist. it is a synthetic, fourteen amino acid peptide and agonist of intestinal guanylate cyclase type C (GC-C), which is structurally related to the guanylin peptide family, with secretagogue, analgesic and laxative activities. Upon oral administration, linaclotide binds to and activates GC-C receptors located on the luminal surface of the intestinal epithelium. This increases the concentration of intracellular cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP), which is derived from guanosine triphosphate (GTP). cGMP activates the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) and stimulates the secretion of chloride and bicarbonate into the intestinal lumen. This promotes sodium excretion into the lumen and results in increased intestinal fluid secretion. This ultimately accelerates GI transit of intestinal contents, improves bowel movement and relieves constipation. Increased extracellular cGMP levels may also exert an antinociceptive effect, through an as of yet not fully elucidated mechanism, that may involve modulation of nociceptors found on colonic afferent pain fibers. it is minimally absorbed from the GI tract. 
it is ergotaman bearing a hydroxy group at the 12' position, isopropyl groups at the 2' and 5'alpha positions, and oxo groups at positions 3', 6', and 18. It is a natural ergot alkaloid. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 
Menthone 1, 2-glyceryl ketal, also known as frescolat or fema 3807, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Menthone 1, 2-glyceryl ketal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, menthone 1, 2-glyceryl ketal is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Menthone 1, 2-glyceryl ketal has an odorless taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycoumarins. These are coumarins that contain one or more hydroxyl groups attached to the coumarin skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables and wild celery. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
O-methylbenzyl chloride appears as a colorless to pale-yellow colored liquid with a pungent odor. Insoluble in water. Slightly denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it, also known as fema 2199, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is an apple, cut grass, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a quinoline-based antimycobacterial drug used (as its fumarate salt) for the treatment of pulmonary multi-drug resistant tuberculosis by inhibition of ATP synthase, an enzyme essential for the replication of the mycobacteria. It has a role as an antitubercular agent and an ATP synthase inhibitor. It is a member of quinolines, a member of naphthalenes, an organobromine compound, an aromatic ether, a tertiary alcohol and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). it is a diarylquinoline antibiotic that works by inhibiting mycobacterial ATP synthase. it enhances the antibacterial activity of second-line drug combinations. 
it is a colorless, odorless and tasteless gas. It will support life. It is noncombustible, but will actively support the burning of combustible materials. Some materials that will not burn in air will burn in oxygen. Materials that burn in air will burn more vigorously in oxygen. As a non-liquid gas it is shipped at pressures of 2000 psig or above. Pure oxygen is nonflammable. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is used in the production of synthesis gas from coal, for resuscitation and as an inhalant. Dioxygen is a diatomic oxygen, a gas molecular entity and an elemental molecule. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug, a reagent, a nutrient, a micronutrient, an oxidising agent, a human metabolite, a member of food packaging gas and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a hydridodioxygen(1+). it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 8, and atomic weight 16. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 20Â° F. May polymerize with the release of heat under exposure to heat or contamination. Less dense than water. Highly toxic by inhalation. Causes burns to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Buten-2-one is a methyl ketone that is butan-2-one with an unsaturation at position 3. It is a methyl ketone and an enone. It derives from a butan-2-one and a but-1-ene. 
it is polycationic form of chitosan arising from global protonation of the 2-amino groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a chitosan. 
it is an odorless white to yellowish crystalline powder. Slightly bitter taste. Acid to litmus. (NTP, 1992) it is a sulfonamide antibacterial with an oxazole substituent. It has antibiotic activity against a wide range of gram-negative and gram-positive organisms. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a drug allergen. It is a member of isoxazoles, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a broad-spectrum, short-acting sulfanilamide and a synthetic analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with antibacterial property. it competes with PABA for the bacterial enzyme dihydropteroate synthase, thereby preventing the incorporation of PABA into dihydrofolic acid, the immediate precursor of folic acid. This leads to an inhibition of bacterial folic acid synthesis and de novo synthesis of purines and pyrimidines, ultimately resulting in cell growth arrest and cell death. 
it appears as colorless to white odorless crystalline solid. Used as an herbicide. Commercially available as a wettable powder or in liquid formulations. (NIOSH, 2016) 5-bromo-3-(butan-2-yl)-6-methylpyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione is a pyrimidone that is pyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione substituted by a bromo group at position 5, a butan-2-yl group at position 3 and a methyl group at position 6. It is a pyrimidone and an organobromine compound. 
it is an L-tyrosine derivative that is L-DOPA in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 on the phenyl ring are replaced by cysteinyl groups. Found in the urine of patients with melanoma. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a S-conjugate, a S-organyl-L-cysteine, a L-tyrosine derivative, a tricarboxylic acid, a triamine, an aryl sulfide and a member of catechols. It derives from a L-dopa. 
Samarium 153 has been used in trials studying the supportive care of Pain, Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Prostate Cancer, and Metastatic Cancer. 
it appears as brown waxy solid or colorless solid. Used as a nematocide. (EPA, 1998) it is a phosphoramidate ester, an organophosphate insecticide and an organophosphate nematicide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and an acaricide. It derives from a 4-(methylsulfanyl)-m-cresol. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester that is the 21-(hydrogen succinate) derivative of 11-deoxycorticosterone. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a steroid ester and a hemisuccinate. It derives from an 11-deoxycorticosterone and a succinic acid. 
it is a tryptamine derivative hahing a methoxy group at position 5 of the indole portion and a methyl substituent on the side-chain nitrogen. It derives from a serotonin. 
it is an N-glycosylpyridine that is the N-alpha-D-glucosiduronyl derivative of (S)-nicotine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-glycosylpyridine and an iminium betaine. It derives from a (S)-nicotine. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of isoamylol with isobutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isoamylol and an isobutyric acid. 
A selective, irreversible inhibitor of Type B monoamine oxidase that is used for the treatment of newly diagnosed patients with PARKINSON DISEASE, and for the treatment of depressive disorders. The compound without isomeric designation is Deprenyl. 
it is a polyamino carboxylic acid, the structure of which is that of BAPTA carrying methyl substituents at C-5 and C-5'. It has a role as a chelator. It derives from a BAPTA. 
it is an aspartic acid derivative obtained by formal condensation of the primary amino group of (2S,3R)-4-[(3S,4aS,8aS)-3-(tert-butylcarbamoyl)octahydroisoquinolin-2(1H)-yl]-3-hydroxy-1-phenylbutan-2-ylamine with the carboxy group of N(2)(-quinolin-2-ylcarbonyl)-L-asparagine. An inhibitor of HIV-1 protease. It has a role as a HIV protease inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It is a member of quinolines and a L-asparagine derivative. it is a peptidomimetic inhibitor of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease. 
it is a methyl ketone that is acetone substituted by an isopropoxy group at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and an ether. 
it is an orally available cholinergic agonist that is used to treat symptoms of dry mouth in patients with keratoconjunctivitis sicca (SjÃ¶gren syndrome). it has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a cholinergic analogue with glandular secretion stimulatory activity. it binds to and activates muscarinic receptors, thereby increasing the secretions in exocrine salivary and sweat glands. This cholinergic agonist also increases the tone of smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts. it is being studied as a treatment for dry mouth caused by radiation therapy to the head and neck. 
6-[(6-{[3, 4-dihydroxy-2, 5-bis(hydroxymethyl)oxolan-2-yl]oxy}-3, 4, 5-trihydroxyoxan-2-yl)methoxy]-3, 4, 5-trihydroxyoxane-2-carboxylic acid, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. 6-[(6-{[3, 4-dihydroxy-2, 5-bis(hydroxymethyl)oxolan-2-yl]oxy}-3, 4, 5-trihydroxyoxan-2-yl)methoxy]-3, 4, 5-trihydroxyoxane-2-carboxylic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
2-Ethoxy-1-methyl-4-(1-methylethyl)benzene, also known as 2-ethoxy-4-isopropyl-1-methylbenzene or 5-[(1-thioxoethyl)amino]-2-pyridinecarboxylic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. 2-Ethoxy-1-methyl-4-(1-methylethyl)benzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-ethoxy-1-methyl-4-(1-methylethyl)benzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 2-Ethoxy-1-methyl-4-(1-methylethyl)benzene has a carrot, herbal, and spicy taste. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of acetoacetic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of an acetoacetic acid. 
it is an inorganic chloride of copper in which the metal is in the +1 oxidation state. It has a role as a molluscicide and an agrochemical. It is an inorganic chloride and a copper molecular entity. It contains a copper(1+). 
it is a diazine that is benzene in which the carbon atoms at positions 1 and 4 have been replaced by nitrogen atoms. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a member of its and a diazine. 
Ethyl butyl ketone is a colorless odorless liquid with a mild fruity odor. Flash point 140Â°F. it is a dialkyl ketone with butyl and ethyl as the two alkyl groups. It has a role as a biomarker and a metabolite. 
it is a it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it, also known as 4-hydroxyflavonol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonols. Flavonols are compounds that contain a flavone (2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one) backbone carrying a hydroxyl group at the 3-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a pyridinecarboxamide that is pyridine in which the hydrogen at position 3 is replaced by a carboxamide group. It has a role as an EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor, a metabolite, a cofactor, an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent, an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent, a Sir2 inhibitor, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyridinecarboxamide and a pyridine alkaloid. It derives from a nicotinic acid. it is the active form of vitamin B3 and a component of the coenzyme it adenine dinucleotide (NAD). it acts as a chemo- and radio-sensitizing agent by enhancing tumor blood flow, thereby reducing tumor hypoxia. This agent also inhibits poly(ADP-ribose) polymerases, enzymes involved in the rejoining of DNA strand breaks induced by radiation or chemotherapy. 
it appears as a solid. Yellowish at room temperatures but may become white when cooled. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may cause vigorous decomposition and the rupturing of the containers. 
Primaquine is an aminoquinoline that has been used for the prevention and therapy of malaria for more than 50 years. Primaquine is not associated with serum enzyme elevations during therapy and has yet to be linked to instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is the phosphate salt form of primaquine, a synthetic, 8-aminoquinoline derivative with antimalarial properties. Although its mechanism of action is unclear, primaquine bind to and alter the properties of protozoal DNA. This agent eliminates tissue (exo-erythrocytic) malarial infection, preventing the development of the erythrocytic forms of the parasite which are responsible for relapses in Plasmodium vivax and ovale malaria. Primaquine is active against late hepatic stages (hypnozoites, schizonts). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
Trinitrometacresol appears as a detonating explosive in the form of yellow needles. Readily soluble in alcohol, ether, and acetone. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may explode violently. 
Tetraisopropyl titanate appears as a water-white to pale-yellow liquid with an odor like isopropyl alcohol. About the same density as water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a titanium coordination entity consisting of a titanium(IV) cation with four propan-2-olate anions as counterions. 
Ginsenoside RD, also known as gypenoside VIII, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Ginsenoside RD exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ginsenoside RD is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, ginsenoside RD can be found in tea. This makes ginsenoside RD a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyrrolidone derivative and with a structural similarity to newer generation antiepileptic drug levetiracetam. It binds to the same target as levetiracetam but with higher affinity and has shown potent seizure suppression in models of acquired and genetic epilepsy with high CNS tolerability. It is predicted to have low drug-drug interactions and inhibition or induction of any major human metabolizing enzymes. it was in Phase II clinical trials under the supervision of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) investigated as treatment of epilepsy and partial epilepsy however its development had been put on hold in July 2007. As of 2010, its production was further halted due to the investigation of a newer antiepileptic agent, brivaracetam. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of succinamic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a succinamic acid. 
2, 4, 5-Trihydroxybenzoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxybenzoic acid derivatives. Hydroxybenzoic acid derivatives are compounds containing a hydroxybenzoic acid (or a derivative), which is a benzene ring bearing a carboxyl and a hydroxyl groups. 2, 4, 5-Trihydroxybenzoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl-L-serine in which the two phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as lauroyl (dodecanoyl). It is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl-L-serine and a dodecanoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a methyl phenyl(piperidin-2-yl)acetate in which both stereocentres have R configuration. It is the active enantiomer in the racemic drug methylphenidate. It has a role as an adrenergic agent. It is an enantiomer of a methyl (S)-phenyl[(S)-piperidin-2-yl]acetate. it is the d-threo-enantiomer of methylphenidate, a central nervous system stimulant, appearing to block the reuptake of norepinephrine and dopamine into the presynaptic neuron, increasing their availability in the extracellular space. The mechanism of action in Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder is unknown. (NCI) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of maleamic acid. It is a conjugate base of a maleamic acid. 
A narcotic antagonist similar in action to NALOXONE. It is used to remobilize animals after ETORPHINE neuroleptanalgesia and is considered a specific antagonist to etorphine. 
it, also known as appa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as (3'->5')-dinucleotides. These are dinucleotides where the two bases are connected via a (3'->5')-phosphodiester linkage. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as B-calacorene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
Terbutaline sulfate is an ethanolamine sulfate salt. It derives from a terbutaline. Terbutaline Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of terbutaline, an ethanolamine derivative with bronchodilating and tocolytic properties. Terbutaline sulfate selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors, leading to intracellular adenyl cyclase activation via a trimeric G protein and subsequent increase in cyclic cAMP production. Increased cAMP levels result in relaxation of bronchial and vascular smooth muscle mediated through the activation of protein kinase A (PKA), which phosphorylates proteins in control of muscle tone. cAMP also inhibits calcium ion release from intracellular stores, reduces calcium entry into cells and induces the sequestration of intracellular calcium all of which aids the relaxation of airway muscles. Terbutaline sulfate also increases mucociliary clearance and reduces release of inflammatory cell mediators. 
it is a carbohydrazide obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups from butylmalonic acid with the hydrazino group of 1,2-diphenylhydrazine. Used (as its calcium semihydrate) for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an antipyretic. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a carbohydrazide. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside that is the L-enantiomer of thymine. A synthetic thymidine nucleoside analogue with activity against HBV DNA polymerase. It has a role as an antiviral drug and an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. It derives from a thymine. It is an enantiomer of a thymidine. it is a synthetic thymidine nucleoside analogue with antiviral activity highly specific for the treatment of hepatitis B virus (HBV). Intracellularly, it is phosphorylated to its active metabolite, it triphosphate. The dideoxy it triphosphate competes with thymidine for incorporation into viral DNA, thereby causing DNA chain termination and inhibiting the function of HBV DNA polymerase (reverse transcriptase). This results in the blockade of HBV DNA replication and viral propagation. 
An octapeptide that is a potent but labile vasoconstrictor. It is produced from angiotensin I after the removal of two amino acids at the C-terminal by ANGIOTENSIN CONVERTING ENZYME. The amino acid in position 5 varies in different species. To block VASOCONSTRICTION and HYPERTENSION effect of angiotensin II, patients are often treated with ACE INHIBITORS or with ANGIOTENSIN II TYPE 1 RECEPTOR BLOCKERS. 
it is a cyclic hexapeptide echinocandin antibiotic which exerts its effect by inhibiting the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, an integral component of the fungal cell wall. It is used as the sodium salt for the treatment of invasive candidiasis, and of aspergillosis in patients who are intolerant of other therapy. It has a role as an antiinfective agent. It is an echinocandin and an antibiotic antifungal drug. it is a semi-synthetic echinocandin derived from a natural product of the fungus Coleophama empedri with potent antifungal activity. it, like other cyclic lipopeptides, noncompetitively inhibits the fungal specific enzyme 1,3-beta-D-glucan synthase, an enzyme essential for fungal cell wall synthesis. Inhibition of this enzyme weakens of the cell wall, thereby leading to osmotic lysis and eventually, fungal cell death. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-aspartic acid, glycine, and L-glutamic acid units joined in sequence. It is a conjugate acid of an it(3-). 
(S)-(1-aminoethyl)phosphonic acid is a primary amino compound that is phosphonic acid having a 1-aminoethyl group attached to the phosphorus. It is a member of phosphonic acids and a primary amino compound. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-(1-aminoethyl)phosphonate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-(1-aminoethyl)phosphonic acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion resuting from deprotonation of both carboxy groups of 3-oxoadipic acid. It derives from an adipate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a 3-oxoadipic acid. 
it is an L-lysine derivative in which the N(6) of the lysine is substituted with a 4-aminobutyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-lysine derivative. It derives from a hypusine. 
it, also known as 3-isobutyl-pyridine or fema 3371, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-(2-methylpropyl)pyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a strong and aromatic taste. 
it is a pyridopyrimidine that is 5-oxo-5,8-dihydropyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidine-6-carboxylic acid, substituted at position 2 by a pyrrolidin-1-yl group and at position 8 by an ethyl group. A synthetic antibacterial which is used for the treatment of urinary tract and intestinal infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It is a quinolone antibiotic, a member of pyrrolidines, a tertiary amino compound, a monocarboxylic acid and a pyridopyrimidine. it is a quinolone antibiotic with activity against gram-negative bacteria. it is used in the treatment of urinary tract and intestinal infections. 
it is an andenosine derivative that is futalosine in which the hypoxanthine moiety is replaced by adenine. It is a member of adenosines and a member of benzoic acids. It is a conjugate acid of an aminodeoxyfutalosinate. 
it, also known as cyclo(his-pro) or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in blood. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, medicoside g is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, medicoside g can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes medicoside g a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 1-phenyl-pentadecane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in mollusks. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
11-nor-9-carboxy-Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol is a phytocannabinoid that is Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol in which the C-11 methyl has been fully oxidised to a carboxy group. Further enzymatic oxidation product of 11-hydroxy-Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol. 
it is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic having [(5-methyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)sulfanyl]methyl and [(3,5-dichloro-4-oxopyridin-1(4H)-yl)acetamido side-groups located at positions 3 and 7 respectively. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin, a semisynthetic derivative, a member of thiadiazoles, a carboxylic acid and a member of 4-pyridones. it is a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is the hydrobromide salt of halofuginone, a semisynthetic quinazolinone alkaloid anticoccidial derived from the plant Dichroa febrifuga, with antifibrotic and potential antineoplastic activities. Halofuginone specifically inhibits collagen type I gene expression and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) gene expression, which may result in the suppression of angiogenesis, tumor stromal cell development, and tumor cell growth. These effects appear to be due to halofuginone-mediated inhibition of the collagen type I and MMP-2 promoters. Collagen type I and MMP-2 play important roles in fibro-proliferative diseases. 
4, 5-Dihydro-2-methylthiazole, also known as it or 2-methyl-4, 5-dihydro-1, 3-thiazole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member unsaturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms. 4, 5-Dihydro-2-methylthiazole exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4, 5-dihydro-2-methylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4, 5-Dihydro-2-methylthiazole has a meaty, musty, and nutty taste. 
15-acetyldeoxynivalenol is a trichothecene mycotoxin that is deoxynivalenol acetylated on the oxygen at C-15. A skin and eye irritant, along with its 3-acetyl regioisomer and its parent deoxynivalenol it is considered among the most commonly and widely distributed cereal contaminants. It has a role as an epitope and a mycotoxin. It derives from a deoxynivalenol. 
it is an oxonium betaine obtained by deprotonation of the 7-hydroxy group of delphinidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside-5-O-beta-D-glucoside. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). It is a conjugate base of a delphinidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside-5-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
A nonapeptide that is found in neurons, peripheral organs, and plasma. This neuropeptide induces mainly delta sleep in mammals. In addition to sleep, the peptide has been observed to affect electrophysiological activity, neurotransmitter levels in the brain, circadian and locomotor patterns, hormonal levels, psychological performance, and the activity of neuropharmacological drugs including their withdrawal. 
it G and V are first generation peniits that are used widely to treat infections due to susceptible organisms and have been linked rarely and only weakly with idiosyncratic liver injury. 
it (anhydrous) is the anhydrous form of the calcium salt of fenprofen. The dihydrate form is used as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug for the management of mild to moderate pain and for the relief of pain and inflammation associated with disorders such as arthritis. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor. It contains a fenoprofen(1-). Fenoprofen Calcium is the calcium salt form of fenoprofen, a propionic acid derivative with analgesic, non-steroidal antiinflammatory and antirheumatic properties. Fenoprofen inhibits both isozymes of cyclooxygenase; resulting in prostaglandin synthesis inhibition, thereby blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins. In addition, fenoprofen activate both peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR)-alpha and -gamma, by which it may down-regulate leukotriene B4 production. 
it is a sphingoid 1-phosphate that is the monophosphorylated derivative of sphinganine. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a sphinganine. It is a conjugate acid of a sphinganine 1-phosphate(1-). 
it is an odorless colorless solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the D-enantiomer of it (also known as it). It has a role as a sweetening agent, a laxative, a metabolite, a cathartic, a human metabolite, a food humectant, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. it is a sugar alcohol found in fruits and plants with diuretic, laxative and cathartic property. Unabsorbed it retains water in the large intestine through osmotic pressure thereby stimulating peristalsis of the intestine and exerting its diuretic, laxative and cathartic effect. In addition, it has one-third fewer calories and 60 % the sweetening activity of sucrose and is used as a sugar replacement in diabetes. 
Glycyrrhetinic acid is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-ene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3, an oxo group at position 11 and a carboxy group at position 30. It has a role as an immunomodulator and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glycyrrhetinate. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid aglycone metabolite of glycyrrhizin, which is a product of the plant Glycyrrhiza glabra (licorice), with potential expectorant, and gastrokinetic activities. After administration, enoxolone inhibits the metabolism of prostaglandins by both 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase [NAD(+)] and prostaglandin reductase 2. Therefore, this agent potentiates the activity of prostaglandin E2 and F2alpha, which inhibits gastric secretion while stimulating pancreatic secretion and the secretion of intestinal and respiratory mucus, leading to increased intestinal motility and antitussive effects. Additionally, this agent inhibits 11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase and other enzymes involved in the conversion of cortisol to cortisone in the kidneys. 
it is investigated in clinical trials for treating myelodysplastic syndrome. This compound belongs to the peptides. These are compounds containing an amide derived from two or more amino carboxylic acid molecules (the same or different) by formation of a covalent bond from the carbonyl carbon of one to the nitrogen atom of another. This medication is known to target Glutathione S-transferase P. it is a small molecule drug that is an analog inhibitor of glutathione S-transferase P1-1. It acts intracellularly on the MAPK signaling pathway by activating ERK2. it has myelostimulant activity in preclinical rodent models and human bone marrow cultures, and differentiates granulocytes and monocytes in HL60 cells. it is a candidate designed to stimulate the formation of bone marrow cells that are precursors to granulocytes and monocytes (white blood cells), erythrocytes (red blood cells) and platelets. Many conditions are characterized by depleted bone marrow, including myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), a form of pre-leukemia in which the bone marrow produces insufficient levels of one or more of the 3 major blood elements (white blood cells, red blood cells and platelets). It might also be relevant as an adjunct therapy since a reduction in blood cell levels is also a common, toxic effect of many standard chemotherapeutic drugs. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of alverine. It has a role as an antispasmodic drug. It is a hydrochloride and an organoammonium salt. It contains an alverine(1+). 
it is the fumarate salt of a synthetic phenoxy-2-propanol-derived cardioselective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive and potential cardioprotective activities. Devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity, bisoprolol selectively and competitively binds to and blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, decreasing cardiac contractility and rate, reducing cardiac output, and lowering blood pressure. In addition, this agent may exhibit antihypertensive activity through the inhibition of renin secretion by juxtaglomerular epithelioid (JGE) cells in the kidney, thus inhibiting activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). Bisoprolol has been shown to be cardioprotective in animal models. 
Nitroanisole appears as a light red or amber-colored liquid or crystals. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. it is a member of the class of its that is anisole in which one the hydrogen meta to the methoxy group is replaced by a nitro group. 
A pharmaceutical preparation of emtricitabine and tenofovir that is used as an ANTI-HIV AGENT in the treatment and prevention of HIV INFECTIONS. 
it is a hydroxamic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from each of the hydroxamic acid groups of desferrioxamine B It has a role as a siderophore. It is a conjugate base of a desferrioxamine B. 
it is an N-acylglycine that is the 4-hydroxy derivative of hippuric acid. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It derives from a N-benzoylglycine. It is a conjugate acid of a p-hydroxyhippurate. 
Sodium Lactate, D- is the sodium salt of the dextro isomer of lactic acid with alkalinizing and electrolyte replenishing property. Upon metabolism, sodium lactate D is converted to bicarbonate, thereby increasing plasma bicarbonate, which facilitates removal of hydrogen ion and lactate from blood stream and leads to raised blood pH. 
it, also known as (CH2=ch)2S or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thioenol ethers. Thioenol ethers are compounds containing the enol ether functional group, with the formula R3SCR2=CR1. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 2-ethyltetrahydrothiophen-3-one or 4, 5-dihydro-2-ethylthiophen-3(2H)-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiolanes. These are organic compounds containing thiolane, a five-member saturated ring containing four carbon atoms and a sulfur atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, [dry or wet with &lt; 15% water] appears as a mixture of cyclotetramethylene tetranitramine (HMX) and trinitrotoluene (TNT). Shipped wetted or desensitized. May explode under exposure to intense heat or fire. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Containers may explode violently under prolonged exposure to heat. 
2-Phenylethyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate, also known as it or fema 2869, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 2-Phenylethyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2-Phenylethyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-phenylethyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 2-Phenylethyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate has a sweet, deep, and herbal taste. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03531762 (Effect of a Proton Pump Inhibitor on the Pharmacokinetics (PK) of it). it is an inhibitor of MET tyrosine kinase with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to MET tyrosine kinase and disrupts MET signal transduction pathways, which may induce apoptosis in tumor cells overexpressing this kinase. The receptor tyrosine kinase MET (also known as hepatocyte growth factor receptor or HGFR), is the product of the proto-oncogene c-Met and is overexpressed or mutated in many tumor cell types; this protein plays key roles in tumor cell proliferation, survival, invasion, and metastasis, and tumor angiogenesis. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of 8-(4-chlorophenylthio)-cGMP. It has a role as a protein kinase agonist. It contains an 8-(4-chlorophenylthio)-cGMP(1-). 
it is a tetrapeptide comprising (2S,3R)-3-amino-2-hydroxy-5-methylhexanoyl, L-valyl, L-valyl and L-aspartic acid units joined in sequence It has a role as a protease inhibitor and an EC 3.4.11.* (aminopeptidase) inhibitor. 
it is a nitroalkene that is 1-undecene substituted by a nitro group at position 11. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of isoheptadecanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a methyl-branched fatty acid anion, a saturated fatty acid anion and a fatty acid anion 17:0. It is a conjugate base of an isoheptadecanoic acid. 
it is a hydroxyindole that is indoxyl in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by an acetyl group. It is a N-acylindole, a member of acetamides, a member of hydroxyindoles and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. 
it is a pyridoindole that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-5H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole which is substituted on the tetrahydropyridine nitrogen by a methyl group and on the indole nitrogen by a p-[N-(hydroxy)aminocarbonyl]benzyl group. It is a histone deacetylase 6 (HDAC6) inhibitor that is selective against all the other isozymes (1000-fold) except HDAC8 (57-fold). It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor. It is a pyridoindole, a hydroxamic acid and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is 4-amino-7-methoxyquinazoline in which the amino group has been substituted by a 3-chloro-2-fluorophenyl group and in which position 6 of the quinoline ring has been substituted by a {1-[2-(methylamino)-2-oxoethyl]piperidin-4-yl}oxy group. it is a dual tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) of epithelial growth factor receptors (EGFR) HER2 and HER3. It has a role as an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of piperidines, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. it is an erbB receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. erbB kinase inhibitor it binds to and inhibits erbB tyrosine receptor kinases, which may result in the inhibition of cellular proliferation and angiogenesis in tumors expressing erbB. The erbB protein family, also called the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family, plays major roles in tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization. 
it is a member of the class of barbiturates, the structure of which is that of barbituric acid substituted at N-1 by a methyl group and at C-5 by ethyl and phenyl groups. It has a role as an anticonvulsant. 
it is an androstanoid that is androst-5-ene bearing two oxo substituents at positions 3 and 17. It is an androstanoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(5)-steroid and a 17-oxo steroid. 
it is a pyrimidinedione-based diuretic. it appears to inhibit the reabsorption of sodium ions by the renal tubules and is a relatively weak diuretic. 
A sterol usually substituted with radioactive iodine. It is an adrenal cortex scanning agent with demonstrated high adrenal concentration and superior adrenal imaging. 
Sec-amyl acetate is a colorless to yellow watery liquid with a weak odor of bananas. Floats on water. Produces irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a homoisoflavonoid that is 2,3-dihydro-4H-chromen-4-onethat is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7, a methoxy group at position 6, and a 3-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzyl group at position 3. It has been isolated from various plants, including the bulb of Cremastra appendiculata. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a homoisoflavonoid, an aromatic ether and a polyphenol. 
it is a hexadecenal containing a double bond at position 11 (the cis-stereoisomer). Major pheromone component detected in the whole-animal male Helicoverpa zea antennal preparations It has a role as a pheromone and an epitope. 
it is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is the 4'-methyl ether derivative of phloretin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a phloretin. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a mild, pleasnat odor. Insoluble in water and floats on water. Harmful or fatal by ingestion. Inhalation of vapors may irritate and damage lungs. High concentrations may have a narcotic effect. 
it appears as an anticancer drug. White to slightly yellow, amorphous or crystalline powder. Sensitive to light. Odorless. pH (0.1% solution) 3.5 - 4.5. (NTP, 1992) it is the sulfate salt of a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Catharanthus roseus (Vinca rosea L.) with antimitotic and antineoplastic activities. Vincristine binds irreversibly to microtubules and spindle proteins in S phase of the cell cycle and interferes with the formation of the mitotic spindle, thereby arresting tumor cells in metaphase. This agent also depolymerizes microtubules and may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca(2+)-activated ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. 
it has been used in trials studying the prevention of HSV-2 and Genital Herpes. it is a thiazolylamide and helicase-primase enzyme inhibitor that is active against herpes simplex virus types 1 and 2 (HSV-1 and HSV-2). it inhibits the helicase-primase complex and prevents helicase or primase catalytic cycling of viral DNA, which interferes with DNA replication and growth. This agent does not require activation by HSV thymidine kinase and has a longer plasma half-life than nucleoside analogues. 
it is a synthetic benzodiazepine derivative with anxiolytic, sedative and hypnotic properties. it and its major metabolite 2-oxoit potentiate gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) activity by binding to the benzodiazepine-1 recognition site (BZ-1) within the GABA-A receptor, located in the limbic, neocortical and mesencephalic reticular system. This increases the frequency of GABA-activated chloride channel opening events, allowing the flow of chloride ions into the neuron leading to membrane hyperpolarization and decreased neuronal excitability. 
it(8-) is a cyclic tetrapyrrole anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy groups of it; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. It is a heme and a cyclic tetrapyrrole anion. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a tertiary amino compound in which the para positions of the three phenyl rings in triphenylmethane are substituted with two dimethylamino groups and one hydroxy group. It is a member of phenols and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a hydride of a triphenylmethane. 
it is a coumaric acid in which the hydroxy substituent is located at C-4 of the phenyl ring. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-coumarate. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of flavanone. It is an enantiomer of a (2S)-flavanone. It derives from a hydride of a (2R)-flavan. 
it is a disaccharide derivative consisting of 4-chloro-4-deoxy-alpha-D-galactopyranose and 1,6-dichloro-1,6-dideoxy-beta-D-fructofuranose units linked by a glycosidic bond. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a sweetening agent. It is a disaccharide derivative and an organochlorine compound. 
2-chloro-N-(2,4-dimethylthiophen-3-yl)-N-(1-methoxypropan-2-yl)acetamide is an organochlorine compound that is 2-chloroacetamide substituted by a 2,4-dimethylthiophen-3-yl and a 1-methoxypropan-2-yl group at the nitrogen atom. It is a member of thiophenes, an aromatic amide, an ether and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a member of the class of fluorenes that is 9H-fluorene in which both of the hydrogens at position 9 have been replaced by p-hydroxyphenyl groups. It has a role as an anti-estrogen. It is a member of fluorenes and a polyphenol. 
it is a very long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is pentacosan-1-ol substituted by a methyl group at position 24. It derives from a pentacosan-1-ol. It derives from a hydride of a pentacosane. 
it is a hydroxamic acid that is the amide of methionine hydroxylated at the amidic nitrogen. It has a role as an EC 6.1.1.* (ligases forming aminoacyl tRNA and related compounds) inhibitor. It is a hydroxamic acid and a methionine derivative. It derives from a methionine. 
it is a dihydroxybenzaldehyde that is 2,4-dihydroxybenzaldehyde in which the hydrogen at position 6 has been replaced by a methyl group. It is a fungal metabolite isolated from Grifola frondosa and Phlebiopsis gigantea. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an anti-inflammatory agent and a fungal metabolite. 
it is a tetracarboxylic acid consisting of ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid having a 4-bromoacetamidobenzyl group at the C1-position and (S)-configuration. It has a role as a chelator. 
it is an octadecadienoate with cis- double bonds at the 9- and 12- positions; the conjugate base of linoleic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It derives from a 9-HPODE(1-). It is a conjugate base of a linoleic acid. 
Trans-hexadec-2-enal is a it containing a double bond at position 2 (the trans-stereoisomer). It is a trans-2,3-unsaturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alk-2-enal and a it. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-{3-bromo-4-[(2,4-difluorobenzyl)oxy]-6-methyl-2-oxopyridin-1-yl}-4-methylbenzoic acid with the amino group of methylamine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of benzamides, an organofluorine compound, a pyridone, an organobromine compound and an aromatic ether. 
Nonidet P-40 is a poly(ether) macromolecule that is polyethylene glycol in which one of the terminal hydroxy groups has been converted to the corresponding p-octylphenyl ether. A nonionic, non-denaturing detergent, it is used for solubilising membrane proteins during isolation of membrane-protein complexes. n ~ 8. It has a role as a detergent. It is an aromatic ether, a poly(ethylene glycol) derivative and a hydroxypolyether. It derives from a 4-octylphenol. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid consisting of 2-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-4,5-dihydrothiazole having a carboxy group at the 4-position. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an imidothioate. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of N-methylcoclaurine. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-N-methylcoclaurinium. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-N-methylcoclaurine. 
it is 1-Methyl-1,4-diazepane in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 4 is substituted by a 1-(2-ethoxyethyl)-1H-benzimidazol-2-yl group. A relatively selective histamine H1 antagonist, it is used as the difumatate salt for allergic rhinitis, urticaria, and pruritic skin disorders, and in eyedrops for the symptomatic relief of allergic conjuntivitis. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent and an antipruritic drug. it is a second generation, selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist with anti-allergic activity. it reversibly and competitively blocks histamine by binding to H1 receptors, thus blocking its downstream activity. As a result this agent interferes with mediator release from mast cells either by inhibiting calcium ion influx across mast cell/basophil plasma membrane or by inhibiting intracellular calcium ion release within the cells. In addition, it may also inhibit the late-phase allergic reaction mediated through leukotrienes or prostaglandins, or by producing an anti-platelet activating factor effect. Upon ocular administration, it causes a dose-dependent inhibition of histamine-stimulated vascular permeability in the conjunctiva. it does not affect adrenergic, dopamine, or serotonin receptors. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03933761 (it in Fusion Positive, Reversion Negative High Grade Serous Ovarian Cancer or Carcinosarcoma With BRCA1/2 Gene Mutations If Progression on Substrate Poly ADP Ribose Polymerase Inhibitbor (PARPI) or Chemotherapy). it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the nuclear enzyme poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it selectively binds to PARP and prevents PARP-mediated repair of single-strand DNA breaks via the base-excision repair (BER) pathway. This enhances the accumulation of DNA strand breaks, promotes genomic instability, and eventually leads to apoptosis. PARP is activated by single-strand DNA breaks and, subsequently, catalyzes post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins which then transduce signals to recruit other proteins to repair damaged DNA. it may both potentiate the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents and reverse tumor cell chemo- and radioresistance. 
it is the monohydrate monohydrochloride form of nilotinib, an orally bioavailable aminopyrimidine-derivative Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. Designed to overcome imatinib resistance resulting from Bcr-Abl kinase mutations, upon administration, nilotinib binds to and stabilizes the inactive conformation of the kinase domain of the Abl portion of the Bcr-Abl fusion protein, resulting in the inhibition of the constitutive kinase activity of Bcr-Abl protein. This inhibits the Bcr-Abl-mediated proliferation of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) cells. Nilotinib also inhibits the receptor tyrosine kinases platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGF-R; PDGFR), mast/stem cell growth factor receptor Kit (c-Kit), and, to a lesser extent, colony-stimulating factor 1 receptor (CSF-1R; CSF1R), and discoidin domain-containing receptor 1 (DDR1). 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 2,3-dihydroxy-3-methylbutanoic acid. 
This is a chemical weapon, chemical weapon precursor, or chemical weapon impurity which is similar to ethyl phosphorodichloridate. See the chemical datasheet for ethyl phosphorodichloridate for more information. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma, Neoplasms, CNS Disease, Breast Cancer, and Breast Neoplasms, among others. It is a so-called fully synthetic epothilone and is the first such compound to be in clinical development to combat several forms of cancer. Epothilones are 16-member ring macrolides with antimicrotubule activity that share a similar mechanism of action to the taxanes but have demonstrated potent antiproliferative activity in several different multidrug-resistant and paclitaxel-resistant tumor cell lines in vitro and in vivo. it is a fully synthetic low-molecular-weight epothilone with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to tubulin and induces microtubule polymerization while stabilizing microtubules against depolymerization, which may result in the inhibition of cell division, the induction of G2/M arrest, and apoptosis. The agent is not a substrate for the P-glycoprotein (P-gp) efflux pump and so may exhibit activity in multidrug-resistant (MDR) tumors. The epothilone class of metabolites was originally isolated from the myxobacterium Solangium cellulosum. 
it is a member of the class of benzodioxoles that is 2,2-difluoro-1,3-benzodioxole substituted at position 4 by a 3-cyanopyrrol-4-yl group. A fungicide seed treatment for control of a range of diseases including Fusarium, Rhizoctonia and Alternaria. It has a role as an androgen antagonist, an estrogen receptor agonist and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzodioxoles, a member of pyrroles, a nitrile and an organofluorine compound. 
it, also known as 1-cyano-3, 4-epithiobutane or 4, 5-epithio-valeronitrile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiiranes. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated three-member ring with two carbon atoms and one sulfur atom. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a tetrahydropyridine compound, bearing an acetyl group in the 6-position. It has a role as a Maillard reaction product. It is a tautomer of a 6-acetyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydropyridine. 
it (DOV-220075) is a nonopioid analgesic. It is an inhibitor of both the norepinephrine and serotonin transporters and an NMDA antagonist with a non-narcotic profile. it was shown to have potent analgesic activity in vivo and was chosen for further development for the treatment of pain. 
it is a it carrying methyl groups at positions 1, 2 and 3. It has been found in Centaurium erythraea. It has a role as a neurotoxin and a plant metabolite. 
FGFR4 Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailable, selective inhibitor of human fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 (FGFR4), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, FGFR4 antagonist it specifically and irreversibly binds to the cysteine residue at position 552 (Cys 552) that is within the active site of FGFR4. This blocks FGFR4 autophosphorylation and activation of receptor tyrosine kinase activity that would normally occur after binding to its ligand, fibroblast growth factor 19 (FGF19), which both inhibits FGFR4-mediated signaling and leads to an inhibition of tumor cell proliferation in FGF19- and FGFR4-overexpressing cells. FGFR4, a receptor tyrosine kinase, is involved in angiogenesis and in the proliferation, differentiation, and survival of tumor cells. FGFR4 expression is associated with poor prognosis. FGF19 is overexpressed by certain tumor cell types. 
it appears as colorless crystals or white powder. Somewhat corrosive. (NTP, 1992) it is an alkenyl phosphate, a dialkyl phosphate, an organophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide and a trichlorobenzene. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an acaricide. It derives from a 1-phenylethenol. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as primary alcohols. Primary alcohols are compounds comprising the primary alcohol functional group, with the general structure RCOH (R=alkyl, aryl) it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a metabolite of thioguanine, a drug used in cancer chemotherapy. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of 2-aminopurines and a thiopurine. It derives from a tioguanine. 
it, also known as it or asp-asp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the class of bilenes that is 1,2,3,21-tetrahydro-5,7-ethanobilene-a-19(16H),5(2)-dione which is substituted at positions 2, 8, 13 and 18 by methyl groups and at positions 1, 3, 12 and 17 by carboxy, 2-carboxyethyl, ethyl and vinyl groups, respectively (the 1S,2S,3S diastereoisomer). It has a role as a luciferin. It is a member of bilenes, an oxo dicarboxylic acid, an amino dicarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an enoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of benzoic acid with ethenol. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion of sn-glycerol 3-phosphate arising from deprotonation of both phosphate OH groups. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a sn-glycerol 3-phosphate. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of P-glycoprotein (P-gp). In pre-clinical studies, it could inhibit P-gp and reverse multidrug resistance at nM concentrations with no effect on paclitaxel pharmacokinetics. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of aminomethylphosphonic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the phosphonic acid group and protonation of the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an (aminomethyl)phosphonic acid. 
it is a ethyl 2-(methylamino)-1-phenylcyclohex-3-ene-1-carboxylate that is dextilidine in which one of the methyl groups attached to the nitrogen is replaced by hydrogen. Dextilidine is a prodrug for it, being metabolised to it by the liver. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an opioid analgesic. It is an enantiomer of a (1R,2S)-nortilidine. 
Straw-colored liquid with a weak odor of coconut oil. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) 
A water-soluble aminoglycosidic antibiotic complex isolated from fermentation filtrates of Bacillus circulans. Two components (A and B) have been separated from the complex. Both are active against many gram-positive and some gram-negative bacteria. 
it is a yellow liquid found in certain food products and tobacco smoke. Probably a carcinogen. it is a clear, yellow, oily, liquid nitrosamine that decomposes when exposed to light and emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides when heated to decomposition. it is used in laboratory research to induce tumors in experimental animals. This substance may be formed during cooking of foods that contain sodium nitrite as a preservative, including meat, fish and cheese. Exposure to N- Nitrosopyrrolidine irritates the skin and eyes and can damage the liver and kidneys. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is the D-enantiomer of alanine. It has a role as a human metabolite, an EC 4.3.1.15 (diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase) inhibitor and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and an alanine. It is a conjugate base of a D-alaninium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-alaninate. It is an enantiomer of a L-alanine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. Alanine is a small non-essential amino acid in humans, Alanine is one of the most widely used for protein construction and is involved in the metabolism of tryptophan and vitamin pyridoxine. Alanine is an important source of energy for muscles and central nervous system, strengthens the immune system, helps in the metabolism of sugars and organic acids, and displays a cholesterol-reducing effect in animals. (NCI04) 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside having dihydrothymine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a thymidine. 
it is a 5-benzoyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-pyrrolizine-1-carboxylic acid that has S configuration. While it is a COX1 and COX2 inhibitor, both enantiomers exhibit analgesic effects. Racemic ketorolac, known simply as ketorolac, is used (mainly as the tromethamine salt) as a potent analgesic for the short-term management of post-operative pain, and in eye drops to relieve the ocular itching associated with seasonal allergic conjunctivitis. It has a role as an analgesic, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-ketorolac. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion obtained by methylation of the tertiary amino group of (1alpha,2beta,4beta,5alpha,7beta)-7-[(hydroxydi-2-thienylacetyl)oxy]-9-methyl-3-oxa-9-azoniatricyclo[3.3.1.0(2,4)]nonane. Used (in the form of the bromide hydrate) for maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and a bronchodilator agent. it Bromide Monohydrate is the monohydrate bromide salt form of it, a quaternary ammonium derivative of atropine and a long-acting muscarinic receptor antagonist, with bronchodilating activity. Upon inhalation, it binds to and blocks mainly muscarinic M3 receptors located on smooth muscle cells, thereby preventing smooth muscle contraction. 
it is a toluate that is the conjugate base of p-toluic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a p-toluic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ite is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ite can be found in root vegetables. This makes ite a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dichlorobiphenyl carrying chloro groups at positions 4 and 4' respectively. It is a dichlorobiphenyl and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a synthetic analogue of nucleoside uridine lacking a ring nitrogen in the 3-position. it inhibits cytidine synthase, thereby reducing intracellular levels of cytidine and deoxycytidine and disrupting DNA and RNA synthesis. This agent may trigger apoptosis and enhance differentiation of neoplastic cells.(NCI04) 
2, 4-cis-Trilobacinone, also known as bullatacinone or 2, 4-trans-asimicinone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. 2, 4-cis-Trilobacinone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2, 4-cis-Trilobacinone has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2, 4-cis-trilobacinone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 4-cis-trilobacinone can be found in fruits. This makes 2, 4-cis-trilobacinone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an agent belonging to the glitazone class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic and anti-inflammatory activities. it may be able to abrogate acute cerebral inflammatory responses via its suppression of proinflammatory gene expression. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is 4H-chromene with an oxo group at position 4. It is a member of its and an enone. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the gamma-globin gene and affects hPPARgamma activation. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-phenylbutyrate. 
it is a metal oxide with formula CeO2. It is used for polishing glass, in coatings for infra-red filters to prevent reflection, and as an oxidant and catalyst in organic synthesis. It is a cerium molecular entity and a metal oxide. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid substituted at positions 2 and 3 by ethyl and oxo groups respectively. 
Contracted name for a salt of ethylenediaminetetraacetate, an agent used as a chelator of lead and some other heavy metals. C10H12CaN2Na2O8. 
it is a ketoaldonate and a member of arabinonates. It derives from a D-arabinonate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-arabinonic acid. 
Gemifloxacin is a fourth generation, oral fluoroquinolone antibiotic used in the therapy of mild-to-moderate respiratory tract infections caused by susceptible organisms. Gemifloxacin has been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. Gemifloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic with antimicrobial property. Gemifloxacin enters bacterial cells by diffusion through integral membrane porin pathway before targeting both DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, two enzymes critical for DNA replication and repair. This agent binds to the DNA/DNA-gyrase complex and inhibits the A subunits of the enzyme thereby preventing the bacterial chromosome from rejoining. This interferes with DNA replication and repair processes as well as transcription, and ultimately leads to bacterial cell death. Gemifloxacin targets at both Gram-positive, -negative and atypical human pathogens. 
it is a disaccharide derivative that consists of eriodictyol substituted by a 6-O-(alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a disaccharide derivative, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a trihydroxyflavanone, a flavanone glycoside, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones and a rutinoside. It derives from an eriodictyol. 
it is a thia fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-(methylthio)propionic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-(methylthio)propionic acid. 
A 200-230-kDa tyrosine kinase receptor for vascular endothelial growth factors found primarily in endothelial and hematopoietic cells and their precursors. it is important for vascular and hematopoietic development, and mediates almost all endothelial cell responses to VEGF. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a green taste. 
it, also known as 1-(3-ethylpyrazinyl)ethanone or 2-ethyl-3-acetyl pyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a chip, corn, and earthy taste. 
it is an indirect-acting sympathomimetic amine with adrenergic property. it, when applied topically to the eye, stimulates the release of norepinephrine from postganglionic adrenergic nerves resulting in the stimulation of both alpha and beta adrenergic receptors. Local alpha stimulatory effects include dilation of the pupil, increased flow of aqueous humor, and vasoconstriction; whereas beta stimulatory effects include relaxation of the ciliary muscle and a decreased production in aqueous humor. 
it is a hydrochloride comprising equimolar amounts of moxifloxacin and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a moxifloxacinium(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of a fluoroquinolone antibacterial antibiotic. Moxifloxacin binds to and inhibits the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase (topoisomerase II) and topoisomerase IV, resulting in inhibition of DNA replication and repair and cell death in sensitive bacterial species. 
it is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid that is sanguinarine bearing a methoxy substituent at position 10. It is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid and an organic cation. It derives from a hydride of a sanguinarine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indoles and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an indole, which is a bicyclic ring system made up of a six-membered benzene ring fused to a five-membered nitrogen-containing pyrrole ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a nedocromil(2-). it is the sodium salt form of nedocromil, a pyranoquinolone derivative with anti-inflammatory properties. it inhibits the activation and release of inflammatory mediators (leukotrienes, histamine and prostaglandins) from a variety of cells involved in hypersensitivity reactions, including mast cells, eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages, monocytes and platelets. As a result, it inhibits both immediate and late bronchoconstriction, decreases bronchial hyperresponsiveness and inhibits recruitment of other inflammatory cells into the airway epithelium. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
it is an intravenously administered, broad spectrum antibiotic used to treat complex skin and tissue infections, endocarditis and bacteremia. it is associated with a low to modest rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but is a very rare cause of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a semi-synthetic cyclic lipopeptide antibiotic isolated form the bacterium Streptomyces roseosporus with broad-spectrum antibiotic activity against Gram-positive bacteria. it has a distinct mechanism of action, in which it binds to bacterial membrane and causes rapid depolarization of the cell membrane due to calcium-dependant potassium efflux; the loss of membrane potential leads to inhibition of DNA, RNA and protein synthesis, resulting in bacterial cell death. This agent does not penetrate the outer membrane of gram-negative bacteria. 
Aztreonam is a parenterally administered, synthetic monobactam antibiotic that is specifically active against aerobic gram-negative bacilli is resistant to many beta-lactamases. Aztreonam therapy is often accompanied by mild, asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase levels, but it has not been reported to cause clinically apparent liver injury. Aztreonam is a monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic originally isolated from Chromobacterium violaceum with bactericidal activity. Aztreonam preferentially binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding protein-3 (PBP-3), which is involved in bacterial cell wall synthesis, thereby inhibiting bacterial cell wall integrity and leading to cell lysis and death. This agent differs from other beta-lactam antibiotics because it is resistant to beta-lactamase hydrolysis, and it is usually used to treat infections caused by gram-negative aerobic microorganisms. 
Oleandomycin is a member of oleandomycins. It derives from an oleandolide. It is a conjugate base of an oleandomycin(1+). Oleandomycin is a macrolide antibiotic similar to erythromycin with antimicrobial activity. Oleandomycin targets and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes. This prevents translocation of peptidyl tRNA leading to an inhibition of protein synthesis. 
it is an oxacycle that is 4H-pyran in which the methylene group at position 4 is replaced by an oxygen. Non-aromatic. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02160951 (Dose Escalation Study of it in Japanese Patients With Relapsed and/or Refractory Hematologic Malignancies). PIM Kinase Inhibitor it is an orally available pan-PIM protein kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. PIM kinase inhibitor it binds to and inhibits the activities of PIM-1, -2 and -3 serine/threonine kinases, which may result in the interruption of the G1/S phase cell cycle transition, the expression of the pro-apoptotic Bcl2 protein and tumor cell apoptosis in cells that overexpress PIMs. PIM kinases, downstream effectors of many cytokine and growth factor signaling pathways, play key roles in cell cycle progression and apoptosis inhibition and may be overexpressed in various malignancies. 
Diit is an organic sodium salt which is the disodium salt of gold thiomalic acid, with a basic unit comprising two sodium cations and a divalent aurothiomalate anion. It contains an aurothiomalate(2-). Gold Sodium Thiomalate is the sodium salt of gold thiomalic acid, an organogold compound with antirheumatic and potential antineoplastic activities. Gold sodium thiomalate (GST) appears to inhibit the activity of atypical protein kinase C iota (PKCiota) by forming a cysteinyl-aurothiomalate adduct with the cysteine residue Cys-69 within the PB1 binding domain of PKCiota. This prevents the binding of Par6 (Partitioning defective protein 6) to PKCiota, thereby inhibiting PKCiota-mediated oncogenic signaling, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, the promotion of tumor cell differentiation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. Atypical PKCiota, a serine/threonine kinase overexpressed in numerous cancer cell types, plays an important role in cancer proliferation, invasion, and survival; Par6 is a scaffold protein that facilitates atypical PKC-mediated phosphorylation of cytoplasmic proteins involved in epithelial and neuronal cell polarization. 
(2S,4S)-hypoglycin B is an L-glutamyl amino acid that is (2S,4S)-hypoglycin A in which the amino group has been acylated by the gamma-carboxy group of L-glutamic acid. It has a role as a phytotoxin and a plant metabolite. It is a member of cyclopropanes, an olefinic compound and a 5-L-glutamyl amino acid. It derives from a (2S,4S)-hypoglycin A. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Pancreatic Cancer, Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Metastatic Pancreatic Cancer, among others. it is an orally bioavailable nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAID) with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. it binds to and inhibits the enzyme cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), thereby inhibiting the conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandins. it-mediated inhibition of COX-2 may induce tumor cell apoptosis and inhibit tumor cell proliferation and tumor angiogenesis. COX-related metabolic pathways may represent crucial regulators of cellular proliferation and angiogenesis. 
it appears as a colorless to white crystalline solid which turns pink on exposure to air. The primary is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is soluble in water. It is used as an insecticide and in medicine. 
it is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-hydroxydecanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid anion and a medium-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxydecanoic acid. 
it is a butenolide that is furan-2(5H)-one which is substituted by a phenyl group at position 3, a benzyl group at position 4, and a hydroxy group at position 5 (the (-)-enantiomer). A secondary metabolite obtained from Aspergillus nidulans. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a butenolide and a cyclic acetal. 
N-acetylhistidine is a histidine derivative that is histidine in which one of the hydrogens of the alpha-amino group is substituted by an acetyl group. It is a histidine derivative and a N-acetyl-amino acid. 
it is a slightly yellow to brown solidified oil. Non-corrosive. Used as a fungicide. 1-[2-(allyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl]imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles in which the hydrogen at position 1 is replaced by a 2-(allyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl group. It is a member of imidazoles, an ether and a dichlorobenzene. 
Isoleucyl-phenylalanine, also known as it or ile-phe, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Isoleucyl-phenylalanine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Isoleucyl-phenylalanine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as a contraceptive drug, a progestin and a female contraceptive drug. it is a synthetic form of the naturally occurring female sex hormone progesterone. it binds to the cytoplasmic progesterone receptors in the reproductive system and subsequently activates progesterone receptor mediated gene expression. As a result of the negative feedback mechanism, luteinizing hormone (LH) release is inhibited, which leads to an inhibition of ovulation and an alteration in the cervical mucus and endometrium. 
it is a white, hydrophobic powder with a slight, characteristic odor. Mp: 130Â°C. Density: 1.1 g cm-3. Insoluble in water, ethyl alcohol and diethyl ether. Soluble in acids. Non-toxic. In technical grades, the percentage of zinc may vary according to the intended use. Products with less than the theoretical amount of zinc are more acidic. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid and a N-acyl-amino acid. It derives from a (S)-2-amino-6-oxopimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-2-acetamido-6-oxopimelate(2-). 
it is the sulfate salt of chloroquine, a quinoline compound with antimalarial and anti-inflammatory properties. Chloroquine is the most widely used drug against malaria, except for those cases caused by chloroquine resistant Plasmodium falciparum. Although the mechanism of action is not fully understood, chloroquine is shown to inhibit the parasitic enzyme heme polymerase that converts the toxic heme into non-toxic hemazoin, thereby resulting in the accumulation of toxic heme within the parasite. Chloroquine may also interfere with the biosynthesis of nucleic acids. 
it is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. It is decomposed by moist air or water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It is used as a chemical intermediate. 
Liquid; colorless or pale yellow; bitter almond odor. Sinks and mixes slowly in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a hydroxybenzaldehyde carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 2. It has a role as a nematicide and a plant metabolite. 
it is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent that is an analogue of morpholine where the oxygen atom is replaced by sulfur. It is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent and a member of its. 
Beta - it appears as brown crystals. Melting point 208-210Â°C. Used as an insecticide. it is a cyclic sulfite ester that is 1,5,5a,6,9,9a-hexahydro-6,9-methano-2,4,3-benzodioxathiepine 3-oxide substituted by chloro groups at positions 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 10. It has a role as a GABA-gated chloride channel antagonist, an acaricide, an agrochemical and a persistent organic pollutant. It is a cyclodiene organochlorine insecticide and a cyclic sulfite ester. 
Decaldehyde is a colorless to light yellow liquid with a pleasant odor. Floats on water. Freezing point is 64Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is a saturated fatty aldehyde formally arising from reduction of the carboxy group of capric acid (decanoic acid). It has a role as an antifungal agent, a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. 
it is a platinum(II) porphyrin compound having four pentafluorophenyl substituents in the 5-, 10-, 15-, and 20-positions. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
DTDP-4-formamido-4,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose is a dTDP-sugar having 4-formamido-4,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose as the sugar component. It derives from a dTDP-alpha-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a dTDP-4-formamido-4,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-leucine and L-lysine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-lysine. 
it is an aryl phosphate resulting from the mono-esterification of phosphoric acid with 4-nitrophenol. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a sulfur-containing carboxylic consisting of thioglycolic acid carrying an S-methyl substituent. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid, a monocarboxylic acid and a methyl sulfide. It derives from a thioglycolic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (methylthio)acetate. 
it, also known as beta-(isoxazolin-5-on-2-yl)alanine or bioya, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, L-alpha-amino-5-oxo-2(5H)-isoxazolepropanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, L-alpha-amino-5-oxo-2(5H)-isoxazolepropanoic acid can be found in pulses. This makes L-alpha-amino-5-oxo-2(5H)-isoxazolepropanoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as alpha-heptyl-gamma-valerolactone or fema 3350, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a creamy, green, and lactonic taste. 
it is a hydroxytryptophan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7 on the indole ring. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 
it, also known as 2-et-2-hba or 2-ethyl-2-hydroxybutanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxy fatty acids. These are fatty acids in which the chain bears a hydroxyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-ethyl-2-hydroxy-butyric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a leukotriene composed of (6Z,8E,10E,14Z,17Z)-icosapentaenoic acid carrying (5S)- and (12R)-hydroxy substituents. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and a rat metabolite. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a leukotriene, a long-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
D-octopine is the (1R)-1-carboxyethyl derivative of L-arginine. It is a metabolite released by plant tumours. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and an animal metabolite. It is an amino acid opine, a D-arginine derivative, a member of guanidines, a secondary amino compound and an amino dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a D-octopine(1-). It is a tautomer of a D-octopine dizwitterion. 
1-it is a 1-monoglyceride that has octadecadienoyl (linoleoyl) as the acyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antiviral agent. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
Alpha-tritiated thymidine is a tritiated thymidine having the tritium label on the methyl group of the nucleobase. It derives from a thymidine. 
it is a class of natural flavonoids derived from the dried leaves of the plant Camellia sinensis (tea) and related plants with potent antioxidant properties. its are polymers derived from natural catechins which are oxidized upon drying of the plant leaf. Flavonoids such as its neutralize free-radical species and increase the activity of detoxifying phase II enzymes in the liver. In animal studies, its have been shown to exhibit antitumor effects by inducing tumor cell apoptosis, arresting cell division, inhibiting cancer cell invasion, and blocking growth factor-induced angiogenesis. Black tea contains the highest concentrations of its. (NCI04) 
Methylnaltrexone Bromide is the bromide salt form of methylnaltrexone, a methyl derivative of noroxymorphone with selective, peripherally-acting mu-opioid receptor antagonistic activity. Methylnaltrexone displaces opioids from peripheral opioid receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, the bladder, and the skin, thereby reversing the opioid-related peripheral side-effects, such as constipation, urinary retention, and pruritis, respectively. Unlike naltrexone and due to the presence of a positively charged nitrogen atom in methylnaltrexone, this agent does not cross the blood-brain barrier and does not affect the centrally-mediated analgesic effect of opioids. 
it, anhydrous appears as a colorless gas with a fishlike odor at low concentrations changing to ammonia-like odor at higher concentrations. Shipped as a liquid under its own vapor pressure. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite from evaporative cooling or chemical type burns. The gasis corrosive and dissolves in water to form flammable, corrosive solutions. Gas is an asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Prolonged exposure to heat can cause the containers to rupture violently and rocket. Long-term inhalation of low concentrations or short -term inhalation of high concentrations has adverse health effects. it is a tertiary amine that is ammonia in which each hydrogen atom is substituted by an methyl group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a tertiary amine and a member of methylamines. It is a conjugate base of a trimethylammonium. 
it is a tetrahydroisoquinoline alkaloid obtained from a Caribbean tunicate Ecteinascidia turbinata. Used for the treatment of soft tissue sarcoma and relapsed ovarian cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a marine metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is an organic heteropolycyclic compound, an azaspiro compound, an oxaspiro compound, a bridged compound, a lactone, a polyphenol, an acetate ester, a hemiaminal, an organic sulfide, a tertiary amino compound and an isoquinoline alkaloid. it is a tetrahydroisoquinoline alkaloid isolated from the marine tunicate Ecteinascidia turbinata with potential antineoplastic activity. Binding to the minor groove of DNA, it interferes with the transcription-coupled nucleotide excision repair machinery to induce lethal DNA strand breaks and blocks the cell cycle in the G2 phase. 
it is a monothiocarbamic ester that is ethanethiol in which the hydrogen attached to the sulfur is replaced by a [3-(dimethylamino)propyl]carbamoyl group. Formerly used (generally as the hydrochloride salt) as an agricultural fungicide, it is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a monothiocarbamic ester and a tertiary amino compound. 
it appears as white crystals with a flavor of vanilla. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of coumarins that is coumarin in which the hydrogen at position 6 is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a fragrance and an allergen. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 4-benzodiazepines. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a 1, 4-azepine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
6-O-phosphono-D-glucono-1,5-lactone is an aldonolactone phosphate comprising D-glucono-1,5-lactone having the phosphate group at the 6-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-glucono-1,5-lactone. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-O-phosphonato-D-glucono-1,5-lactone(2-). 
Arsenic trioxide, also known as arsenious acid or trixenox, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as miscellaneous arsenites. These are inorganic compounds in which the largest metallic oxoanion is arsenite, to which either no atom or a non metal atom is bonded. Arsenic trioxide has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, arsenic trioxide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Arsenic trioxide is formally rated as a carcinogen (by IARC 1) and is also a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a tertiary alcohol and a quaternary ammonium ion. It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug, a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. 
2-ethylhexyl sulfate is an alkyl sulfate that is the mono(2-ethylhexyl) ester of sulfuric acid. It has a role as a surfactant and a carcinogenic agent. It derives from a 2-ethylhexan-1-ol. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-ethylhexyl sulfate(1-). 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 1-methyl-1H-benzimidazole which is substituted at positions 4, 5, and 6 by fluorine, (4-bromo-2-chlorophenyl)amino, and N-(2-hydroxyethoxy)aminocarbonyl groups, respectively. It is a MEK1 and MEK2 inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a hydroxamic acid ester, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of bromobenzenes, an organofluorine compound and a secondary amino compound. it is an orally active, small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. it is an ATP-independent inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MEK or MAPK/ERK kinase) 1 and 2. MEK 1 and 2 are dual specificity kinases that are essential mediators in the activation of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK pathway, are often upregulated in various cancer cells, and are drivers of diverse cellular responses, including proliferation. Inhibition of both MEK1 and 2 by it prevents the activation of MEK1/2 dependent effector proteins and transcription factors, thereby leading to an inhibition of cellular proliferation in various cancers. 
3-Chloro-4-(dichloromethylene)-2, 5-pyrrolidinedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidine-2-ones. These are pyrrolidines which bear a C=O group at position 2 of the pyrrolidine ring. 3-Chloro-4-(dichloromethylene)-2, 5-pyrrolidinedione exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3-chloro-4-(dichloromethylene)-2, 5-pyrrolidinedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic with bactericidal properties. it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit. This antibiotic is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative organisms and is used in the treatment of tuberculosis and tulemia. 
it is a substituted aniline that is ibuprofen in which the isobutyl group is replaced by a (2-methylprop-2-en-1-yl)amino group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it is used for treatment of inflammatory and rheumatic disorders. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antirheumatic drug, an antipyretic, an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a substituted aniline, an amino acid and a secondary amino compound. 
it is an N-acylpiperazine that is piperazine in which each of the nitrogens has been acylated by a 3-bromopropionoyl group. An anti-cancer drug. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an alkylating agent. It is a N-acylpiperazine, a tertiary carboxamide and an organobromine compound. it is a piperazine derivative with potential antineoplastic alkyating activity. Although the exact mechanism of action of it has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent appears to act by alkylating DNA, leading to disruption of DNA replication and eventually cell death. 
it is a penicillin compound having a 6beta-(2R)-2-(methylideneamino)-2-phenylacetamido side-group. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an O-phosphoamino acid and a L-threonine derivative. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(phosphonatooxy)-L-threonine(2-). 
it is a pyrimidine having keto groups at the 2- and 4-positions and a bromo group at the 5-position. Used mainly as an experimental mutagen. It has a role as a mutagen. It is a member of pyrimidines and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a synthetic dolastatin 15 analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it suppresses spindle microtubule dynamics by binding to tubulin, thereby blocking mitosis. 
3-Methyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione, also known as benzil-related compound, 45 or corylone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 3-Methyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 3-Methyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is a sweet, caramel, and coffee tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products and coffee and coffee products. This makes 3-methyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a beta-D-galactoside having a 2-nitrophenyl substituent at the anomeric position. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a beta-D-galactoside and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 2-nitrophenol. 
it, also known as dl-3-methoxymandelate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a trichothecene antibiotic which incorporates a triester macrocyclic structure and an exocyclic methylene epoxide group. It is a trichothecene, a macrolide antibiotic, an epoxide, a macrotriolide and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is a deoxythymidine analog with activity against herpes simplex virus. it is activated by viral thymidine kinase to the 5'-monophosphate which is further phosphorylated by cellular enzymes to the 5'-triphosphate, a competitive inhibitor of the viral-coded DNA polymerase. 
A non-essential amino acid naturally occurring in the L-form. Glutamic acid is the most common excitatory neurotransmitter in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of methacrylic acid. It derives from an acrylate. It is a conjugate base of a methacrylic acid. 
it is a member of indoles, a member of guanidines and an imidazopyrazine. It has a role as a luciferin. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of an imidazo[1,2-a]pyrazine. 
Xi-2, 3-dimethylhexane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Xi-2, 3-dimethylhexane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, xi-2, 3-dimethylhexane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, xi-2, 3-dimethylhexane can be found in fruits. This makes xi-2, 3-dimethylhexane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. Xi-2, 3-dimethylhexane is a potentially toxic compound. 
Beta-D-Gal-(1->4)-beta-D-Glc-OMe is a methyl glycoside comprising methyl beta-D-glucoside having an beta-D-galactosyl residue at the 4-position. It is a methyl glycoside and a disaccharide derivative. It derives from a beta-lactose. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines that is used (as its trihydrate) for the treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza in patients 18 years and older who have been symptomatic for no more than two days. It has a role as an antiviral drug and an EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor. It is a member of cyclopentanols, a member of acetamides, a member of guanidines and a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It contains a peramivir hydrate. it is a cyclopentane derivative with activity against influenza A and B viruses. it is a neuraminidase inhibitor which prevents normal processing of virus particles such that virus particles are not released from infected cells. 
it is a white odorless powder. Density 2.633 g / cm3. Moderately toxic. Sinks in water and dissolves slowly. Also transported as a heptahydrate Na2SO3.7H2O. it is an inorganic sodium salt having sulfite as the counterion. It has a role as a food preservative and a reducing agent. It is an inorganic sodium salt and a sulfite salt. It contains a sulfite. it is a white crystal or powder with reducing property. it exhibits bleaching, de-sulfurizing, and dechlorinating activities. This agent was used by food industry to help maintain the fresh appearance of food products. It is also a component in many drugs, which helps maintain their potency and stability. FDA has ruled it a new animal drug of low regulatory priority. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is 2H,8H-benzo[1,2-b:5,4-b']dipyran-2-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4, a methoxy group at position 5, 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 and two methyl groups at position 8 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antiprotozoal drug. It is a hydroxycoumarin and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 95Â°F. Denser (at 10.2 lb / gal) than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals and as soil fumigant. (E)-it is a it with a (E)-configuration. It has a role as a fumigant. It is a it and a chloroalkene. It derives from a hydride of a propene. 
it is an orally bioavailable, selective, arginine vasopressin receptor 2 (V2, AVPR2) antagonist that can be used to treat hyponatremia. Upon oral administration, it selectively and competitively binds to and blocks the V2 receptor located in the walls of the vasculature and luminal membranes of renal collecting ducts, thereby preventing the binding of vasopressin to the V2 receptor. This prevents water absorption in the kidneys and increases the excretion of electrolyte-free water via the kidneys. This reduces intravascular volume and increases serum sodium concentrations and osmolality. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of isocoumarins that is 1-oxo-3,4-dihydro-2-benzopyran-7-carboxylic acid carrying additional methyl, chloro and hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 5 and 8 respectively. A non-toxic metabolite of the mycotoxin ochratoxin A. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of isochromanes, a member of isocoumarins, an organochlorine compound, a member of phenols and a member of benzoic acids. 
it is a naphthalenediol where the two hydroxy groups are located at the 1- and 2-positions together with an additional amino group at the 6-position. It is a member of naphthalenediols and an aminonaphthalene. It derives from a naphthalene-1,2-diol. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 4 has been replaced by a thiol group. It is a thiol and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-sulfanylbutanoate. 
it is a chemical weapon which is related to soman. Structurally, it differs from soman only in that the fluorine atom in soman is replaced by a chlorine atom in it. This change is only expected to have a small effect on it's chemical reactivity as compared to the reactivity of soman. See the chemical datasheet for soman for more information. 
it is a pale yellow oily liquid with a faint odor. Used as an insecticide for citrus, cotton, and deciduous fruit and nuts. and as an acaricide. (EPA, 1998) it is a trialkyl phosphate, an organophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide and an organophosphate nematicide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a N,N-diethyl-3-hydroxybut-2-enamide. 
it is zwitterionic form of it arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of an it. 
2-sec-butyl-4,6-dinitrophenyl 3-methylbut-2-enoate is an enoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,3-dimethylacrylic acid with the phenolic hydroxy group of dinoseb. It is a C-nitro compound and an enoate ester. It derives from a dinoseb. 
Piperitol, also known as it or fema 3179, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Piperitol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, piperitol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Piperitol is a herbal tasting compound that can be found in cumin, dill, and spearmint. This makes piperitol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Budesonide is a corticosteroid that undergoes high first pass elimination by the liver so that systemic levels after oral administration are minimal. Budesonide has been used orally for several immune mediated gastrointestinal and liver diseases and as nasal spray or by inhalation for allergic rhinitis, asthma and chronic obstructive lung disease. Neither inhalant nor oral budesonide has been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to convincing instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is an anthocyanidin cation that is flavylium substituted by a hydroxy groups at positions 3, 5, 7 and 4'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the D-enantiomer it. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a D-it. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
A picolinic acid derivative isolated from various Fusarium species. It has been proposed for a variety of therapeutic applications but is primarily used as a research tool. Its mechanisms of action are poorly understood. It probably inhibits DOPAMINE BETA-HYDROXYLASE, the enzyme that converts dopamine to norepinephrine. It may also have other actions, including the inhibition of cell proliferation and DNA synthesis. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-tryptophan and L-alanine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-tryptophan and a L-alanine. 
it is a selective xanthine oxidase inhibitor developed for treatment and management of hyperuricemia and gout. Xanthine oxidase, or xanthine oxidoreductase (XOR), regulates purine metabolism, and inhibition of the enzyme results in efficacious reduction of serum urate levels. Xanthine oxidase inhibitors are classified into two groups; purine analogs such as [DB00437] and [DB05262], and non-purine agents which includes it. While [DB00437] is considered a first-line therapy in treating hyperuricemic conditions, it is often associated with side effects and ineffective in reducing uric acid levels under recommended dosing regimens. Renal complications are major comorbidities that limit the [DB00437] therapy as dose reductions are recommended. it and its metabolites are shown to be unaffected by renal complications, thus may be effective in patients with chronic kidney diseases. Approved for therapeutic use in Japan since 2013, it is marketed under the name Topiloric and Uriadec and is orally administered twice daily. 
Alpha-it, also known as tocopherol acetate or a-tocopherol succinic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as vitamin e compounds. These are a group of fat-soluble compounds containing or derived either from a tocopherol or a tocotrienol skeleton. Alpha-it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Alpha-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is estr-4-en-3-one substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 17. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and an anabolic androgenic steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. it is a synthetic, anabolic steroid analog of testosterone. Similar to testosterone, it (it) binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors. This agent may be used for testosterone replacement therapy in hypogonadal men, in HIV-wasting syndrome, and in other conditions in order to increase nitrogen retention and fat-free muscle mass. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid comprising hexanoic acid with the two oxo groups placed at the 3- and 5-positions. It is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and a beta-diketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
The combination of ticarcillin and clavulanate provides an extended-spectrum penicillin with a beta-lactamase inhibitor and is used to treat serious bacterial infections due to susceptible organisms. Given parenterally, ticarcillin-clavulanate can cause mild transient aminotransferase elevations, and therapy has been linked to instances of acute cholestatic liver disease similar to that described commonly with amoxicillin-clavulanate (Augmentin). 
it is a derivative of octanoic acid carrying a beta-oxo group; a possible metabolite of 2-octynoic acid. It derives from an octanoic acid. 
(R)-p-Mentha-1, 8-dien-10-ol, also known as 1, 8-menthadien-9-ol or limonene-10-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (R)-p-Mentha-1, 8-dien-10-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (R)-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-10-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (R)-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-10-ol can be found in lovage. This makes (R)-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-10-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and an oxacycle that is 1,3-oxathiane substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a propyl group at position 4 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and an oxacycle. 
5-Hydroxy-1, 7-diphenylheptan-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as linear diarylheptanoids. These are diarylheptanoids with an open heptane chain. The two aromatic rings are linked only by the heptane chain. 5-Hydroxy-1, 7-diphenylheptan-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 64Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a formate ester resulting from the formal condensation of formic acid with the hydroxy group of butan-1-ol. Found in apples, strawberries, sherry and Pamesan cheese, it has a fruity, plum-like odour and taste. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, a flavouring agent and a fragrance. It derives from a butan-1-ol. 
it is a member of the class of asperlicins that is asperlicin C in which the lactam nitrogen of the benzodiazepineone moiety has undergone addition to the 2-position of the 2-3 double bond of the indole moeity, and in which the hydrogen at the 3-position of the indole moiety has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a cholecystokinin antagonist. It has a role as a cholecystokinin antagonist and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a member of asperlicins, an organic heteroheptacyclic compound, an aminal and a tertiary alcohol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Pemetrexed is a parenterally administered folate antagonist and antineoplastic agent, used in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer and malignant mesothelioma. Pemetrexed therapy has been associated with moderate rates of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but has not been convincingly linked to instances of acute, clinically apparent liver injury. 
A potent noncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor (RECEPTORS, N-METHYL-D-ASPARTATE) used mainly as a research tool. The drug has been considered for the wide variety of neurodegenerative conditions or disorders in which NMDA receptors may play an important role. Its use has been primarily limited to animal and tissue experiments because of its psychotropic effects. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point of 91Â°F and a melting point of 47Â°F. Corrosive to tissue. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Density 7.5 lb / gal. Used to make other chemicals and as a fungicide. it is an alkane-alpha,omega-diamine in which the alkane is ethane. It has a role as a GABA agonist. It derives from a hydride of an ethane. 
it is a leukotriene composed of (6Z,8E,10E,14Z)-icosatetraenoic acid having (5S)- and (12R)-hydroxy substituents. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a leukotriene, a long-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It derives from an icosa-6,8,10,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a leukotriene synthesized from leukotriene A4 by leukotriene A-4 hydrolase in monocytes, lymphocytes, neutrophils, reticulocytes, platelets and fibroblasts. it modulates inflammation by promoting neutrophil activation and inducing adhesion, activation, and transendothelial migration of leukocytes. 
it, also known as 2-bromo-3-formylindole or gbetagamma modulator i, M119, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indoles. Indoles are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2, 3-benzopyrrole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-bromo-1H-indole-3-carboxaldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is (E)-3,7,11,15-tetramethylhexadec-2-en-1-yl diphosphate in which both stereocentres have (R)-configuration. It derives from a phytol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a monoterpenoid that is oct-7-en-2-ol substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a methylidene group at position 6 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a fragrance. It is a monoterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a macrocyclic lactone that is rapamycin in which the hydroxy group attached to the cyclohexyl moiety has been converted into the corresponding 2-hydroxyethyl ether. It is an immunosuppressant and antineoplastic agent. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent, a mTOR inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an ether, a cyclic ketone, a cyclic acetal and a macrolide lactam. It derives from a member of sirolimus. it is a derivative of the natural macrocyclic lactone sirolimus with immunosuppressant and anti-angiogenic properties. In cells, everolimus binds to the immunophilin FK Binding Protein-12 (FKBP-12) to generate an immunosuppressive complex that binds to and inhibits the activation of the mammalian Target of Rapamycin (mTOR), a key regulatory kinase. Inhibition of mTOR activation results in the inhibition of T lymphocyte activation and proliferation associated with antigen and cytokine (IL-2, IL-4, and IL-15) stimulation and the inhibition of antibody production. (NCI05) 
it is a semisynthetic, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with acetoxymethyl and (2-thienylacetyl)nitrilo moieties at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the core structure. Administered parenterally during surgery and to treat a wide spectrum of blood infections. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a semisynthetic derivative, a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen, a cephalosporin, a carboxylic acid, a member of thiophenes and an azabicycloalkene. It is a conjugate acid of a cefalotin(1-). it is a semisynthetic, beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is octaanion of 1D-myo-it arising from global deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 1D-myo-it. 
it is a 3beta-sterol having the structure of cholesterol with a methylene group at C-24. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from molybdic acid It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a divalent inorganic anion and a molybdenum oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenit. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea substituted by an aminomethyl group at the nitrogen atom. It is a conjugate base of a N-(ammoniomethyl)urea. 
it is a gadolinium-based, hydrophilic, macrocyclic, electrically neutral contrast agent used in contrast-enhanced MRI (CE-MRI). it is a non-ionic, paramagnetic complex consisting of gadolinium (Gd3+) chelated with the macrocyclic compound dihydroxy-hydroxymethylpropyl-tetraazacyclododecane-triacetic acid (butrol). Following intravenous administration, gadobutrol may increase MRI sensitivity for the detection of tumors and inflammatory and demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) that are associated with areas with blood-brain barrier defects due to altered perfusion or an enlarged extracellular space. This agent is eliminated in an unchanged form via the kidneys; extra-renal elimination is negligible. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of pyrazinoic acid (pyrazine-2-carboxylic acid) with ammonia. A prodrug for pyrazinoic acid, it is used as part of multidrug regimens for the treatment of tuberculosis. It has a role as an antitubercular agent and a prodrug. It is a member of pyrazines, a N-acylammonia and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a synthetic it derivative with bactericidal property. it is particularly active against slowly multiplying intracellular bacilli (unaffected by other drugs) by an unknown mechanism of action. Its bactericidal action is dependent upon the presence of bacterial pyrazinamidase, which removes the amide group to produce active pyrazinoic acid. it is an important component of multidrug therapy for tuberculosis. (NCI04) 
it is the non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is norspermidine (1,5,9-triazanonane) carboxylated with S-configuration at the 2-position. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). It derives from a hydride of a bis(3-aminopropyl)amine. 
it is a linear amino trisaccharide comprising an alpha-N-acetylneuraminyl residue (2->3)-linked to a beta-D-galactosyl residue, which is in turn linked (1->3) to N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine. It has a role as an epitope. It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and an amino trisaccharide. 
All-cis-octadeca-6,9,12,15-tetraenoic acid is an octadecatetraenoic acid having four double bonds located at positions 6, 9, 12 and 15 (the all-cis-isomer). It has been isolated from Lithospermum officinale and fish oils. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a Daphnia galeata metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an omega-3 fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and an octadecatetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (6Z,9Z,12Z,15Z)-octadecatetraenoate. 
it is a tryptamine alkaloid and a member of tryptamines. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a tryptamine. 
it is a piperazine compound having 1,2-benzothiazol-3-yl- and 2-(6-chloro-1,3-dihydro-2-oxindol-5-yl)ethyl substituents attached to the nitrogen atoms. It has a role as a psychotropic drug, a histamine antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist and an antipsychotic agent. It is a member of piperazines, an organochlorine compound, a member of indolones and a 1,2-benzisothiazole. it is a benzothiazolylpiperazine derivative and an atypical antipsychotic agent with an antischizophrenic property. it functions as an antagonist at the dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2A and 5-HT1D receptors, and as an agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor. it also inhibits the synaptic reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. The mechanism of action by which it exerts its antischizophrenic effect is unknown but is potentially mediated through a combination of dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 antagonism. This agent also has antagonistic activity against histamine H1 and alpha-1-adrenergic receptors. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is urs-12-en-28-oic acid substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavone that is 7-hydroxyflavonol bearing two additional hydroxy substituents at positions 2' and 5. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Soluble in water. Takes some effort to ignite but once ignited it burns with increasing vigor as the fire progresses. If contaminated with combustible materials it accelerates their burning. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
5-hydroxyimidazole-4-carboxamide is a hydroxyimidazole that is 5-hydroxyimidazole in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by an aminocarbonyl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a hydroxyimidazole. 
it is a nucleoside analogue obtained by formal cyclodimerisation of thymidine. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a cyclobutadipyrimidine and a nucleoside analogue. 
it is an organophosphate insecticide and a dialkyl aryl phosphate. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from a 4-(methylsulfanyl)phenol. 
it is a diketoaldonic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a D-gluconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,5-didehydro-D-gluconate. 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol which has been substituted at the 15alpha and 16alpha positions by two additional hydroxy groups. It is a natural estrogen produced exclusively during pregnancy by the fetal liver. It has a role as an estrogen, an estrogen receptor agonist, a human metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and an oral contraceptive. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 15alpha-hydroxy steroid and a steroid hormone. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. Therapeutic it is a synthetic steroid similar or identical to endogenous it, a short-acting estrogen with both agonistic and antagonistic estrogen receptor activity. Administered orally, therapeutic it binds to the estrogen receptor and as a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) exhibits estrogen agonism in certain tissues and estrogen antagonism in others. Displaying weak estrogen activity in the uterus, it acts as an estrogen antagonist in breast tissue. Produced solely by the human fetal liver, endogenous it is the primary estrogen metabolite of estrogen biosynthesis in the human fetal liver. 
it is a carbamate ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a N'-(3-hydroxyphenyl)-N,N-dimethylformamidine. 
it is the conjugate base of (S)-3-hydroxybutyric acid. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-3-hydroxybutyric acid. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-3-hydroxybutyrate. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02943447 (Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy of it in Adults With Primary Biliary Cholangitis Without Cirrhosis). 
it is the hemisulfate salt form of proflavine, an acridine-derived fluorescent contrast and disinfectant agent that can potentially be used for cellular imaging and antiseptic purposes. Upon topical application of proflavine hemisulfate, proflavine diffuses into cells and intercalates into DNA, thereby accumulating in and staining the nucleus. During fluorescence imaging, the cell nuclei can be visualized. This allows nuclear morphometry and the identification of cancer cells. In addition, proflavine exerts its antibacterial effect by binding to bacterial DNA, thereby disrupting DNA synthesis and halting bacterial cell growth. 
it is a guanidinoacetate having a phospho group attached to the primary amino part of the guanidine moiety. It is a phosphoramide and a member of guanidinoacetic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonatoguanidiniumylacetate(2-). 
it is an aromatic ether that is the 2,4-dichlorophenyl ether of 3-aminopropan-1-ol in which the nitrogen is substituted by a methyl group and a prop-1-yn-3-yl group. A monoamine oxidase inhibitor, it was formerly used as an antidepressant. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and an antidepressant. It is a tertiary amino compound, a terminal acetylenic compound, an aromatic ether and a dichlorobenzene. 
{1-O-hexadecanoyl-2-O-[(Z)-octadec-9-enoyl]-sn-glycero-3-phospho}serine is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl-L-serine compound with a palmitoyl group at the 1-position and an oleoyl group at the 2-position. It derives from a glycerol. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans that is propionamide in which one of the amide hydrogens is replaced by a [(1R,2R)-2-(2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-4-yl)cyclopropyl]methyl group. A melatonin receptor agonist used for the treatment of non-24-hour sleep-wake disorder. It has a role as a melatonin receptor agonist. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of 1-benzofurans and a member of cyclopropanes. It derives from a propionamide. 
A ticlopidine analog and platelet purinergic P2Y receptor antagonist that inhibits adenosine diphosphate-mediated PLATELET AGGREGATION. It is used to prevent THROMBOEMBOLISM in patients with ARTERIAL OCCLUSIVE DISEASES; MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION; STROKE; or ATRIAL FIBRILLATION. 
Stearoyl-CoA, also known as octadecanoyl-CoA or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acyl coas. These are acyl CoAs where the group acylated to the coenzyme A moiety is a long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. Stearoyl-CoA is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Stearoyl-CoA has been found in human adipose tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, stearoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm, membrane (predicted from logP), mitochondria and peroxisome. In humans, stearoyl-CoA is involved in plasmalogen synthesis pathway. Stearoyl-CoA is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the mitochondrial Beta-oxidation OF long chain saturated fatty acids pathway. 
it is an amino disaccharide consisting of D-galactopyranose at the non-reducing end joined by a (1->3) glycosidic linkage to N-acetyl-D-galactopyranosamine. It has a role as an epitope. It is a D-Galp-(1->3)-D-GalpNAc, a galactosamine oligosaccharide and an amino disaccharide. 
it is an Î±2-adrenergic agonist that is used as a horse sedative. Normally, it is administered in the salt form, it hydrochloride. This drug is prescribed by veterinarians and is marketed as Dormosedan. Currently, it is only approved by the FDA for use in horses but has been studied for use in other large animals. 
A water-soluble, colorless crystal with an acid taste that is used as a chemical intermediate, in medicine, the manufacture of lacquers, and to make perfume esters. It is also used in foods as a sequestrant, buffer, and a neutralizing agent. (Hawley's Condensed Chemical Dictionary, 12th ed, p1099; McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific and Technical Terms, 4th ed, p1851) 
it is a member of the class of ureas obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of carbamic acid with the amino group of glycine. It has a role as a rat metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a N-acylglycine, a member of ureas and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a glycine. 
An amine derived by enzymatic decarboxylation of HISTIDINE. It is a powerful stimulant of gastric secretion, a constrictor of bronchial smooth muscle, a vasodilator, and also a centrally acting neurotransmitter. 
it is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. It is decomposed by water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of isoamylol with caprylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isoamylol and an octanoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiophenes. These are organic compounds containing a thiophene that is disubstituted at the C-2, and C5-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a limonene monoterpenoid that is cyclohex-2-en-1-ol substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 5. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of oxadiazoloquinoxalines that is 1H-[1,2,4]oxadiazolo[4,3-a]quinoxaline substituted at position 1 by an oxo group. It has a role as an EC 4.6.1.2 (guanylate cyclase) inhibitor. 
it is a cyclooctadepsipeptide consisting of D-lactoyl, N-methyl-L-leucyl, 3-[4-(4-morpholinyl)phenyl]-D-lactoyl, N-methyl-L-leucyl, D-lactoyl, N-methyl-L-leucyl, 3-[4-(4-morpholinyl)phenyl]-D-lactoyl, and N-methyl-L-leucyl residues joined in sequence to give a 24-membered macrocycle. An anthelmintic, it is used with praziquantel for the treatment and control of hookworm, roundworm and tapeworm infections in cats. It has a role as an antinematodal drug. It is a semisynthetic derivative and a cyclooctadepsipeptide. 
it, also known as fema 2378, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta hydroxy acids and derivatives. Beta hydroxy acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituted with a hydroxyl group on the C3 carbon atom. it exists as a liquid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in sweat. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a mild, earth, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of butyric acid with the thiol group of thiocholine. It is used as a reagent for determination of butyrylcholinesterase activity. 
3, 7-Dimethyl-2, 6-octadien-1-ylacetate, also known as geraniol acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. 3, 7-Dimethyl-2, 6-octadien-1-ylacetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3, 7-Dimethyl-2, 6-octadien-1-ylacetate has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva and urine. Within the cell, 3, 7-dimethyl-2, 6-octadien-1-ylacetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it or lys-val, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a member of the class of pyridoquinolines that is benzo[h][1,6]naphthyridin-2-one carrying additional 3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl and 6-aminopyridin-3-yl substituents at positions 1 and 9 respectively. It is a potent inhibitor of mTOR and exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as a mTOR inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organofluorine compound, a pyridoquinoline, an aminopyridine and a primary amino compound. 
it is an orthoquinone that is the 1,2-dioxo derivative of acenaphthene. It has a role as an epitope and a chain carrier. It derives from a hydride of an acenaphthene. 
A bile acid, usually conjugated with either glycine or taurine. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for intestinal absorption and is reabsorbed by the small intestine. It is used as cholagogue, a choleretic laxative, and to prevent or dissolve gallstones. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of procyclidine, with anticholinergic properties. it competitively binds to striatal cholinergic receptors, thereby diminishing acetylcholine activity and ultimately reducing the frequency and severity of akinesia, rigidity, and tremor associated with uncontrollable body movements. In addition, this agent may block the re-uptake of dopamine by nerve terminals, thereby increasing dopamine activity. 
it is a synthetic imidazole derivative prodrug with an antihypertensive property. Upon hydrolysis, it is converted to olmesartan. Olmesartan selectively binds to the angiotensin type 1 (AT1) receptor of angiotensin II in vascular smooth muscle and adrenal gland, thereby competing angiotensin II binding to the receptor. This prevents angiotensin II-induced vasoconstriction and decreases aldosterone production, thereby preventing aldosterone-stimulated sodium retention and potassium excretion. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 2,3,3a,8b-tetrahydro-1H-benzo[b]cyclopenta[d]furan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 8b, methoxy groups at positions 6 and 8, a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3a, a phenyl group at position 3 and a N,N-dimethylcarbamoyl group at position 1. Isolated from Aglaia odorata and Aglaia duperreana, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antileishmanial agent. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a monomethoxybenzene and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is the benzathine salt form of cephapirin, a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cephapirin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is the maleic acid salt of domperidone. A dopamine antagonist, domperidone is used as an antiemetic for the short-term treatment of nausea and vomiting, and to control gastrointestinal effects of dopaminergic drugs given in the management of parkinsonism. The maleate salt is used in tablet preparations, while the free base is used in oral suspensions. It has a role as an antiemetic and a dopaminergic antagonist. It contains a maleate(2-) and a domperidone. 
A compound used as a topical insect repellent that may cause irritation to eyes and mucous membranes, but not to the skin. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines carrying bromoanilino and acrylamido substituents at positions 4 and 6 respectively. It has a role as an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of acrylamides, a substituted aniline, a member of bromobenzenes and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a sesquiterpene that consists of (1R,5R)-2-methylidenebicyclo[3.1.0]hexane having a (2R)-6-methylhept-5-en-2-yl group at position 5. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is the 4,5-dihydro- derivative of 5-oxo-2-furylacetic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-2-furylacetate. 
it (INN) is a thiazolidinedione undergoing research for use in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is being developed by Daiichi Sankyo Co. it is an agent belonging to the glitazone class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic activity. 
it, also known as oh-flutamide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trifluoromethylbenzenes. These are organofluorine compounds that contain a benzene ring substituted with one or more trifluoromethyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). it is a potentially toxic compound. 
An amine derived by enzymatic decarboxylation of HISTIDINE. It is a powerful stimulant of gastric secretion, a constrictor of bronchial smooth muscle, a vasodilator, and also a centrally acting neurotransmitter. 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid with a strong odor similar to apples. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. May mildly irritate skin and eyes. it is the fatty acid ethyl ester of isovaleric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isovaleric acid. 
A bridged-ring tetracyclic antidepressant that is both mechanistically and functionally similar to the tricyclic antidepressants, including side effects associated with its use. 
it is a greenish-yellow crystalline solid with an irritating odor. It is decomposed by water to form hydrochloric and phosphoric acid and heat. This heat may be sufficient to ignite surrounding combustible material. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. Long term exposure to low concentrations or short term exposure to high concentrations can result in adverse health effects from inhalation. 
1,3,6,7-Tetramethyl-4,5-dicarboxyethyl-2,8-divinylbilenone. Biosynthesized from hemoglobin as a precursor of bilirubin. Occurs in the bile of AMPHIBIANS and of birds, but not in normal human bile or serum. 
it is an orally bioavailable, semi-synthetic lipophilic analogue of camptothecin, a quinoline alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree Camptotheca acuminate, with potential antineoplastic and antiangiogenic activities. it binds to and inhibits the activity of topoisomerase I, stabilizing the cleavable complex of topoisomerase I-DNA, which inhibits the religation of single-stranded DNA breaks generated by topoisomerase I; lethal double-stranded DNA breaks occur when the topoisomerase I-DNA complex is encountered by the DNA replication machinery, DNA replication is disrupted, and the tumor cell undergoes apoptosis. Although the mechanism of its antiangiogenic activity has yet to be full elucidated, this agent may inhibit endothelial cell migration, tumor neovascularization, and the expression of proangiogenic basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF). 
it is a member of the class of pteridines that is 7,8-dihydropteridine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione carrying a lactoyl group at position 6. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a member of pteridines and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. 
Flunisolide is a synthetic corticosteroid with antiinflammatory and antiallergic properties. Flunisolide is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist that binds to cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently translocates to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both are potent mediators of inflammation. 
N(6)-dansyl-L-lysine is an L-lysine derivative with a dansyl group at the N(6)-position. It has a role as an epitope. It is a L-lysine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a sulfonamide. 
2-(benzoylamino)-3-phenylpropanoic acid is a member of the class of benzamides that is 3-phenylpropanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 has been replaced by a benzoylamino group. It is a N-acyl-amino acid and a member of benzamides. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Combustible, though may be difficult to ignite. Used to make paints and plastics, in food processing and preservation, and for other uses. it is a butenedioic acid in which the C=C double bond has E geometry. It is an intermediate metabolite in the citric acid cycle. It has a role as a food acidity regulator and a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a fumarate(1-). 
it is a member of the cadinene family of sesquiterpenes in which the double bonds are located at the 4-4a and 7-8 positions, and in which the isopropyl group at position 1 is cis to the hydrogen at the adjacent bridgehead carbon (the 1S,8aR-enantiomer). It is a it and a cadinene. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
it is a triglyceride obtained by formal acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by butyric acid. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, a protective agent, an apoptosis inducer, a prodrug and an antineoplastic agent. It is a triglyceride and a butyrate ester. It derives from a butyric acid. it is a triglyceride prodrug of butyric acid with potential antineoplastic activity. Butyrate, the active metabolite of it, inhibits histone deacetylase, resulting in increased differentiation, decreased proliferation, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis in some tumor cell lines. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of its that is 6H-[1]benzofuro[3,2-c]chromene substituted by an oxo group at position 6. It has a role as a phytoestrogen and a plant metabolite. It is a member of its and a delta-lactone. 
it is a cholestanoid that is (5alpha)-cholest-7-ene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a cholestanoid, a C27-steroid and a Delta(7)-sterol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a cephalosporin compound having (R)-mandelamido and N-methylthiotetrazole side-groups. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin and a semisynthetic derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it is active against Haemophilus and gram-negative bacilli susceptible to other cephalosporins. It is also active against many strains resistant to other cephalosporins, such as Enterobacter species and indole-positive Proteus species. 
it, liquid appears as a clear colorless aqueous solution. Noncombustible. Corrosive to metals. Toxic by ingestion. Confirmed human carcinogen. Detrimental to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit release. it is an arsenic oxoacid comprising one oxo group and three hydroxy groups attached to a central arsenic atom. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an arsenate(1-) and an arsenate ion. 
it is a organic heterotetracyclic compound that is a red pigment obtained from the wood of Caesalpinia echinata (Brazil-wood) or Caesalpinia sappan (sappan-wood). It has a role as a histological dye, a biological pigment, an immunosuppressive agent, a plant metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor, an EC 3.4.24.24 (gelatinase A) inhibitor and an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol, a member of phenols, an enol and a member of quinomethanes. 
A widely used anti-inflammatory agent isolated from the licorice root. It is metabolized to GLYCYRRHETINIC ACID, which inhibits 11-BETA-HYDROXYSTEROID DEHYDROGENASES and other enzymes involved in the metabolism of CORTICOSTEROIDS. Therefore, glycyrrhizic acid, which is the main and sweet component of licorice, has been investigated for its ability to cause hypermineralocorticoidism with sodium retention and potassium loss, edema, increased blood pressure, as well as depression of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system. 
it is a member of quinazolines. It has a role as an antifungal drug. it is a methotrexate derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, thereby preventing the synthesis of purine nucleotides and thymidylate, with subsequent inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis. it also exhibits antiviral activity. (NCI04) 
it is a derivative of valeric acid having amino and oxo substituents at the 2- and 4-positions respectively. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a nitrile that is benzonitrile substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and iodo groups at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a herbicide. It is a nitrile and an iodophenol. 
it (or it) is a colorless flammable gas which is heavier than air. It has an agreeable ether-like odor. It is narcotic in high concentrations. It burns with evolution of hydrogen fluoride. The flame is colorless, similar to alcohol. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is a member of the class of its that is methane in which a single hydrogen is substituted by a fluorine atom. It has a role as a refrigerant. It is a member of its, a fluorohydrocarbon and a member of methyl halides. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of rimantadine, a cyclic amine and alpha-methyl derivative of amantadine with antiviral activity. Although the exact mechanism of action of rimantadine is not understood, this agent appears to exert its antiviral effect against influenza A virus by interfering with the function of the transmembrane domain of the viral M2 protein, thereby preventing the uncoating of the virus and subsequent release of infectious viral nucleic acids into the cytoplasm of infected cells. 
N(2)-it is an a N(2)-it having L-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N(2)-phenylacetyl-L-glutaminate. 
it, also known as histaminol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in guava. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Sugiol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. Sugiol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, sugiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, sugiol can be found in fruits. This makes sugiol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a beta-diketone that is methane in which two of the hydrogens are substituted by 4-hydroxycinnamoyl groups. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.2.1.1 (alpha-amylase) inhibitor. It is a beta-diketone, a polyphenol, an enone and a diarylheptanoid. It derives from a 4-coumaric acid. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid having the two hydroxy groups at the C-2 and C-6 positions. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6-dihydroxybenzoate. 
it is an odorless rose-pink solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a compound of cobalt and sulfate in which the ratio of cobalt (+2 oxidation state) to sulfate is 1:1. It contains a cobalt(2+). it is a reddish, toxic, metallic salt. it is used in the electrochemical industries, as a drier in paints and inks, as a coloring agent, in storage batteries and as a supplement for Vitamin B12 deficiency. Exposure to it results in irritation of the skin, eyes and respiratory tract and affects the thyroid, lungs, heart and kidneys. it is mutagenic in mammalian cells and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
(X)-1-Nonen-3-yl acetate, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group) (X)-1-Nonen-3-yl acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (X)-1-nonen-3-yl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (X)-1-nonen-3-yl acetate can be found in green vegetables. This makes (X)-1-nonen-3-yl acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a methylthio-1,3,5-triazine that is 2-(methylsulfanyl)-1,3,5-triazine substituted by an ethylamino and an isopropylamino group at positions 4 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a herbicide and an environmental contaminant. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a methylthio-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a colorless nonflammable gas. It may be harmful by asphyxiation. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. It is used to make other chemicals. it is a fluorocarbon that is cyclobutane in which all eight hydrogens are replaced by fluorines. It has a role as a member of food packaging gas and a food propellant. It derives from a hydride of a cyclobutane. 
it is a sodium salt of rifamycin, an antibiotic produced by Streptomyces mediterranei which is used to treat mycobacterium infections. 
it is a progesterone derivative with antineoplastic activity. it inhibits steroid aromatase, thereby preventing the formation of estrogen from adrenal androstenedione and reducing endogenous estrogen levels. (NCI04) 
(+)-it is a drimane-type sesquiterpenoid orginally isolated from the liverwort Diplophyllum albicans. It exhibits fish antifeedant, antifungal and antineoplastic activities. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a fungal metabolite, a mammalian metabolite, an antifeedant and a marine metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a primary alcohol, a homoallylic alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of a drimane. 
it is a N-sulfonylurea that is N-carbamoyl-3-(ethylsulfonyl)pyridine-2-sulfonamide substituted by a 4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl group at the amino nitrogen atom. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. It is a member of pyridines, a N-sulfonylurea, a member of pyrimidines, a sulfone and an aromatic ether. 
it is an L-ornithine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-ornithine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-ornithine derivative. 
Valine is a branched-chain amino acid that consists of glycine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-carbon is substituted by an isopropyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a branched-chain amino acid and an alpha-amino acid. It contains an isopropyl group. It is a conjugate base of a valinium. It is a conjugate acid of a valinate. 
it is an ether compound having fluoromethyl and 1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoroisopropyl as the two alkyl groups. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a central nervous system depressant. It is an organofluorine compound and an ether. It derives from a 2-methoxypropane. it is a fluorinated isopropyl ether with general anesthetic property. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it may act by interfering with the release and re-uptake of neurotransmitters at post-synaptic terminals, and/or alter ionic conductance following receptor activation by a neurotransmitter. it may also interact directly with lipid matrix of neuronal membranes, thereby affecting gating properties of ion channels. In addition, this agent may activate gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptors hyperpolarizing cell membranes. This results in a general anesthetic effect, a decrease in myocardial contractility and mean arterial pressure as well as an increased respiratory rate. 
it, or it, is a selective tyrosine kinase inhibitor of KIT and platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha indicated for the treatment of unresectable, metastatic gastrointestinal stromal tumors. It is one of the first medications available for the treatment of multidrug resistant cancers. it shares a similar mechanism with [ripretinib].  it was granted FDA approval on 9 January 2020. 
it is a colorless, odorless gas. It is relatively inert. The mixture is nonflammable and nontoxic, though asphyxiation may occur because of displacement of oxygen. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. it is a fluorocarbon that is propane in which all of the hydrogens have been replaced by fluorines. It is a fluorocarbon and a fluoroalkane. It derives from a hydride of a propane. it is a fluorinated hydrocarbon and gaseous substance used as an imaging contrast agent. After administration in microsphere form, perflutren exhibits lower acoustic impedance than blood and improves ultrasound signaling. 
it is a modified amino acid generated by enzymic means from L-homocysteine and L-serine. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it dizwitterion. 
it is a four-carbon alkane-alpha,omega-diamine. It is obtained by the breakdown of amino acids and is responsible for the foul odour of putrefying flesh. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a conjugate base of a 1,4-butanediammonium. it is a four carbon diamine produced during tissue decomposition by the decarboxylation of amino acids. Polyamines, including it, may act as growth factors that promote cell division; however, it is toxic at high doses. 
it is an imine that is 2-methyl-4-methylidenecyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-imine in which both the hydrogens of the methylidene group are replaced by 4-amino-3-methylphenyl groups. The hydrochloride salt is the histological dye 'new fuchsin'. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an imine and a substituted aniline. It is a conjugate base of a new fuchsin(1+). 
it is an arotinoic acid derivative with a morpholine structure in the polar end group with differentiation inducing and antineoplastic activity. Like other retinoic acid agents, it binds to and activates retinoic acid receptors (RARs), thereby altering the expression of certain genes leading to cell differentiation and decreased cell proliferation in susceptible cells. In addition, this agent is able to inhibit melanoma cell motility. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid of the class of arborinane-type terpenoids isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a tetrol. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Breast Neoplasms, Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Adenocarcinoma of the Lung. 
Abietinal belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. Abietinal exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, abietinal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of bipiperidines that is 1,4'-bipiperidine which is substituted at the 1' and 4' positions by 4-(p-fluorophenyl)-4-oxobutyl and carboxamide groups, respectively. A first generation antipsychotic, its properties are generally similar to those of haloperidol. It has a role as a first generation antipsychotic, a serotonergic antagonist and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, an aromatic ketone, an organofluorine compound, a member of bipiperidines and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
A peptide hormone of about 27 amino acids from the duodenal mucosa that activates pancreatic secretion and lowers the blood sugar level. (USAN and the USP Dictionary of Drug Names, 1994, p597) 
it is a positively charged methylinosine in which a single methyl substituent is located at position 7 on the hypoxanthine ring. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of inosines and an organic cation. It derives from an inosine. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is cyclohexanecarboxylic acid which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 5, and by a propanoyl group at position 4. A plant growth regulator, it is used (commonly as the corresponding calcium salt, known as it-calcium) as an anti-lodging agent in small-grain cereals. It has a role as an agrochemical, a plant growth regulator and a gibberellin biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a beta-triketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C6 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. May irritate skin and eyes. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make other chemicals. 
A pentacyclic triterpene that occurs widely in many PLANTS as the free acid or the aglycone for many SAPONINS. It is biosynthesized from lupane. It can rearrange to the isomer, ursolic acid, or be oxidized to taraxasterol and amyrin. 
Cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside is an anthocyanin cation that is a cyanidin cation linked to a beta-D-glucosyl moiety at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an anthocyanin cation, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside betaine. 
Sodium phosphate, dibasic appears as a colorless to white crystalline solid. Soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used as a fertilizer, in pharmaceuticals, in food processing, and for many other uses. 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is N-phenylpyrimidin-2-amine carrying two additional methyl substituents at positions 4 and 6. A fungicide used to control grey mould on fruit, vegetables and ornamentals as well as leaf scab on pome fruit. Also commonly employed to control Botrytis cinerea throughout the winemaking process in grapes, must, fermenting must and wine. It has a role as an aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aminopyrimidine, a secondary amino compound and an anilinopyrimidine fungicide. 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is the diethyl ester of phosphorothioic O,O,O-acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a 7-hydroxyflavonol that is kaempferol substituted by a methoxy group at position 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone, a 7-hydroxyflavonol and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a kaempferol. 
it is the maleate salt of rosiglitazone, an orally-active thiazolidinedione with antidiabetic properties and potential antineoplastic activity. Rosiglitazone activates peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma), a ligand-activated transcription factor, thereby inducing cell differentiation and inhibiting cell growth and angiogenesis. This agent also modulates the transcription of insulin-responsive genes, inhibits macrophage and monocyte activation, and stimulates adipocyte differentiation. 
3-Phenylprop-2-enoic acid, also known as it or benzenepropenoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamic acids. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a benzene and a carboxylic acid group forming 3-phenylprop-2-enoic acid. 3-Phenylprop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3-Phenylprop-2-enoic acid is also a parent compound for other transformation products, including but not limited to, 2, 3-dihydroxycinnamic acid, 1-(3, 4-dihydro-1H-isoquinolin-2-yl)-3-(4-methylphenyl)-2-propen-1-one, and acetic acid [2-[2-(1-oxo-3-phenylprop-2-enyl)-3-phenyl-3, 4-dihydropyrazol-5-yl]phenyl] ester. 
it is 4-Methoxy-N-phenylbenzamide in which the hydrogen at the 2 position of the phenyl group is substituted by a 2-(1-methylpiperidin-2-yl)ethyl group. A class Ic antiarrhythmic, the hydrochloride was used for the treatment of severe or life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias, but it was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack and was withdrawn from the market. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug and a sodium channel blocker. It is a member of piperidines and a member of benzamides. 
(13R, 14R)-7-Labdene-13, 14, 15-triol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units (13R, 14R)-7-Labdene-13, 14, 15-triol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (13R, 14R)-7-labdene-13, 14, 15-triol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (13R, 14R)-7-labdene-13, 14, 15-triol can be found in fats and oils. This makes (13R, 14R)-7-labdene-13, 14, 15-triol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-hydroxy-2-methyl-2H-1,2-benzothiazine-3-carboxylic acid 1,1-dioxide with the exocyclic nitrogen of 2-aminopyridine. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug of the oxicam class, it is used to relieve pain and works by preventing the production of endogenous prostaglandins involved in the mediation of pain, stiffness, tenderness and swelling. It has a role as an analgesic, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and an antirheumatic drug. It is a benzothiazine, a member of pyridines and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a nonsteroidal oxicam derivative with anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic properties. As a non-selective, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it binds and chelates both isoforms of cyclooxygenases (COX1 and COX2), thereby stalling phospholipase A2 activity and conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandin precursors at the rate limiting cyclooxygenase enzyme step. This results in inhibition of prostaglandin biosynthesis. As a second, independent effect, it inhibits the activation of neutrophils thereby contributing to its overall anti-inflammatory effects. 
3-[(2-Methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-4-heptanone, also known as 1, 3-diethylacetonyl 3-methyl-3-furyl sulfide or fema 3570, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 3-[(2-Methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-4-heptanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-[(2-methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-4-heptanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 3-[(2-Methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-4-heptanone has a meaty and roasted taste. 
it is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is 1,3-diphenylpropan-1-one in which the phenyl group that is bonded to the carbonyl group is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 4, an o-hydroxybenzyl group at position 3, and a methoxy group at position 6. A cytotoxic natural product found particularly in Uvaria acuminata and Uvaria chamae. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a resorcinol, an aromatic ether, a polyketide and a member of dihydrochalcones. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a L-alpha-amino acid and a it. It is a conjugate base of a L-serinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-serinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a non-essential amino acid in humans (synthesized by the body), it is present and functionally important in many proteins. With an alcohol group, it is needed for the metabolism of fats, fatty acids, and cell membranes; muscle growth; and a healthy immune system. It also plays a major role in pyrimidine, purine, creatine, and porphyrin biosynthetic pathways. it is also found at the active site of the it protease enzyme class that includes trypsin and chymotrypsin. (NCI04) 
3-amino-5-[(4-hydroxyphenyl)methyl]-4,4-dimethylpyrrolidin-2-one(1+) is a primary ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 3-amino-5-[(4-hydroxyphenyl)methyl]-4,4-dimethylpyrrolidin-2-one, obtained from the protonation of the primary amino group. Major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-amino-5-[(4-hydroxyphenyl)methyl]-4,4-dimethylpyrrolidin-2-one. 
it is an azaspiro compound that is methoxycyclohexane which is fused at position 4 to the 5-position of a 1,5-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-one that is substituted at positions 3 and 4 by 2,5-dimethylphenyl and (ethoxycarbonyl)oxy groups, respectively (the cis isomer). It is a proinsecticide (via hydrolysis of the ethyl carbonate group to give the corresponding 4-hydroxypyrrol-2-one, \ 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03174041 (A Drug-Drug Interaction Study Between it and Midazolam, Itraconazole, Rosuvastatin, and Simvastatin). it is an orally available inhibitor of Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it inhibits the activity of BTK and prevents the activation of the B-cell antigen receptor (BCR) signaling pathway. This prevents both B-cell activation and BTK-mediated activation of downstream survival pathways, which leads to the inhibition of the growth of malignant B-cells that overexpress BTK. BTK, a member of the Src-related BTK/Tec family of cytoplasmic tyrosine kinases, is overexpressed in B-cell malignancies; it plays an important role in B-lymphocyte development, activation, signaling, proliferation and survival. 
it is a 17-membered macrocyclic lactam that incorporates a phenol and a substituted indole moiety. A stereoisomer of TMC-95A, it has a [(3R)-3-methyl-2-oxopentanoyl]amino group at position 18. It acts as a proteasome inhibitor and is isolated from Apiospora montagnei Sacc. TC 1093, isolated from a soil sample. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a proteasome inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. It is a member of indoles, a lactam, a macrocycle, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a sulfonamide, a member of isoindoles and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a long acting thiazide-like diuretic of the sulfamoylbenzamide class that is devoid of the benzothiadiazine structure. it directly inhibits sodium and chloride reabsorption on the luminal membrane of the early segment in the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) in the kidney. This leads to an increase in sodium, chloride, bicarbonate, and potassium secretion resulting in the excretion of water. In addition, this agent, like other thiazide diuretics, decreases calcium and uric acid secretion. In addition, this agent inhibits many carbonic anhydrase (CA) isoenzymes. it is used in the treatment of high blood pressure, edema and congestive heart failure. The elimination half-life is about 40 to 50 hours. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Boiling point 347Â°F (175Â°C). Freezing point -40Â°F (-40Â°C). 
it is a pteridine that is the N-4-[1-(2,4-diaminopteridin-6-yl)pent-4-yn-2-yl]benzoyl derivative of L-glutamic acid. Used for treatment of Peripheral T-Cell Lymphoma, an aggressive form of non-Hodgkins lymphoma. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite and an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor. It is a N-acyl-L-glutamic acid, a member of pteridines and a terminal acetylenic compound. it is a folate analogue inhibitor of dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) exhibiting high affinity for reduced folate carrier-1 (RFC-1) with antineoplastic and immunosuppressive activities. it selectively enters cells expressing RFC-1; intracellularly, this agent is highly polyglutamylated and competes for the folate binding site of DHFR, blocking tetrahydrofolate synthesis, which may result in depletion of nucleotide precursors; inhibition of DNA, RNA and protein synthesis; and apoptotic tumor cell death. Efficient intracellular polyglutamylation of it results in higher intracellular concentrations compared to non-polyglutamylated it, which is more readily effuxed by the MRP (multidrug resistance protein) drug efflux pump. RFC-1, an oncofetal protein expressed at highest levels during embryonic development, may be over-expressed on the cell surfaces of various cancer cell types. 
it is a synthetic analog of lysophosphatidylcholine, an ether lipid, possessing anti-leishmanial and antineoplastic activity. The mechanism of action for edelfosine has not been fully elucidated. Targeting cellular membranes, edelfosine modulates membrane permeability, membrane lipid composition, and phospholipid metabolism. it also inhibits the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K)-AKT/PKB survival pathway, possibly activating the pro-apoptotic stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK/JNK) pathways, thereby inducing apoptosis. In addition, this agent inhibits protein kinase C, intracellular activation of the Fas/CD95 receptor, and intracellular acidification. Anti-leishmanial activity may be due to inhibition of a glycosomal alkyl-specific-acylCoA acyltransferase. (NCI) 
it appears as pale yellow needles or yellow crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a pale yellow aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of five fused rings and is produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter. it is primarily found in gasoline exhaust, cigarette smoke, coal tar, coal and oil combustion emissions, lubricating oils, used motor oils and crude oils. This substance is used only for research purposes. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a taxifolin that has (2S,3R)-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (-)-epitaxifolin. 
ite is a synthetic tertiary amine alkaloid with antimuscarinic properties. ite, a competitive inhibitor of acetylcholine at the muscarinic receptor, blocks parasympathetic nerve stimulation. 
6-aminohexanoic acid zwitterion is zwitterionic form of 6-aminohexanoic acid arising from migration of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-aminohexanoate. It is a tautomer of a 6-aminohexanoic acid. 
it appears as a colorless, nonflammable gas. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used to make other chemicals. 
Borane is the simplest borane, consisting of a single boron atom carrying three hydrogens. It is a member of boranes and a mononuclear parent hydride. 
it is a colorless to light amber liquid. Used as a chemical intermediate for insecticides, pesticides, and fungicides; oil and gasoline additives; plasticizers; corrosion inhibitors; flame retardants; and flotation agents. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a hexahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 5, 6, 7, 3' and 4' respectively. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antiviral agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of flavonols and a hexahydroxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. 
4-Aminobenzoyl-(beta)-alanine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the beta carbon atom. 4-Aminobenzoyl-(beta)-alanine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 4-Aminobenzoyl-(beta)-alanine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 4-aminobenzoyl-(beta)-alanine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Like sulfonylureas, it is able to lower blood glucose levels by increasing the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells. 
DT4 is an oligonucleotide comprised of four thymidine residues connected via 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. It has a role as an epitope. It contains a thymidine 5'-monophosphate residue. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages and fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is isoflavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 2' and a methoxy group at position 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a methoxyisoflavanone. It derives from an isoflavanone. 
it is an aromatic ether that is diphenyl ether in which both phenyl groups are substituted at position 3 by a hydroxy group and at position 5 by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta hydroxy acids and derivatives. Beta hydroxy acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituted with a hydroxyl group on the C3 carbon atom. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a cyclic carotene obtained by dimerisation of all-trans-retinol. A strongly-coloured red-orange pigment abundant in plants and fruit and the most active and important provitamin A carotenoid. It has a role as a biological pigment, a provitamin A, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a cofactor and an antioxidant. It is a cyclic carotene and a carotenoid beta-end group. it is a naturally-occurring retinol (vitamin A) precursor obtained from certain fruits and vegetables with potential antineoplastic and chemopreventive activities. As an anti-oxidant, it inhibits free-radical damage to DNA. This agent also induces cell differentiation and apoptosis of some tumor cell types, particularly in early stages of tumorigenesis, and enhances immune system activity by stimulating the release of natural killer cells, lymphocytes, and monocytes. (NCI04) 
it is a 3beta-sterol having a 5alpha-ergostane skeleton with a methylidene group at C-24 and double bonds at the C-8 and C-24(28) positions. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-ergostane. 
Cocculus appears as a poisonous berry, the dried fruit of Anamirta cocculus L. Contains several substances including about one percent picrotoxin. Pure picrotoxin occurs as shiny leaflets with an intensely bitter taste or as a microcrystalline powder. Very poisonous!. Used in medicine as a central nervous system stimulant and antidote for barbiturate poisoning. Not currently regarded as a useful therapeutic agent. 
it is a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of 4-hydroxybutyric acid. It has a role as an anaesthesia adjuvant and an intravenous anaesthetic. It is a short-chain fatty acid anion, a hydroxy fatty acid anion and a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxybutyric acid. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a dimethoxybenzene. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzamides. These are organic compounds containing a carboxamido substituent attached to a benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a white odorless crystalline solid. Density 3.68 g / cm3. A dangerous poison. Thallium(I) acetate is an acetate salt comprising equal numbers of acetate and thallium ions. It has a role as a neurotoxin and an apoptosis inducer. It is a thallium molecular entity and an acetate salt. It contains a thallium(1+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-phenylethyl beta-D-glucopyranoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-phenylethyl beta-D-glucopyranoside can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, green vegetables, and herbs and spices. This makes 2-phenylethyl beta-D-glucopyranoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a N-substituted amine that is 4-aminobiphenyl substituted by a hydroxy group at the nitrogen atom. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a carcinogenic agent. It is a N-substituted amine and an aminobiphenyl. It derives from a biphenyl-4-amine. 
it is an oligosaccharide derivative that is produced by Streptomyces viridochromogenes and exhibits antibiotic properties. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is an ortho ester, an oxaspiro compound, a cyclic acetal, a benzoate ester, an oligosaccharide derivative, a dichlorobenzene, a member of phenols and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is an imidazopyridine that is 1H--imidazo[4,5-b]pyridine which is substituted at positions 1, 2, and 6 by methyl, amino, and phenyl groups, respectively. It is the most abundant of the mutagenic heterocyclic amines found in cooked meat and fish. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a mutagen. It is an imidazopyridine and a primary amino compound. it is a synthetic, gray-white crystalline solid that is soluble in dimethylsulfoxide and methanol. It is produced in small quantities for research purposes. it is formed naturally during the cooking of muscle-derived foods (meat and fish). Levels of this chemical produced in this manner are dependent on cooking temperature, cooking time and method of cooking (direct or indirect). It is one of the most abundant heterocyclic amines in a typical Western diet. it has also been detected in processed food flavorings, beer, wine, and cigarette smoke. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an indolyl carboxylate ester obtained by formal condensation of one of the primary hydroxy groups of D-arabinitol with the carboxy group of (2R)-2-(indol-3-yl)propanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fungal metabolite and a plant growth regulator. It is a pentitol derivative and an indolyl carboxylate ester. It derives from a D-arabinitol. 
it is the conjugate base of 4,5-dioxopentanoic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 4,5-dioxopentanoic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as (s)-3-hydroxyacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a (S)-3-hydroxyl acylated coenzyme A derivative. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. In humans, it is involved in the valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include isobutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency, 3-methylcrotonyl CoA carboxylase deficiency type I, the methylmalonic aciduria pathway, and the 3-hydroxyisobutyric aciduria pathway. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03303339 (it in Combination With Either Low-dose Cytarabine or Decitabine in Adult Patients With Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML).). it is an orally bioavailable, adenosine triphosphate (ATP) competitive inhibitor of polo-like kinase 1 (PLK1; PLK-1; STPK13), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, onvansertib selectively binds to and inhibits PLK1, which disrupts mitosis and induces selective G2/M cell-cycle arrest followed by apoptosis in PLK1-overexpressing tumor cells. PLK1, named after the polo gene of Drosophila melanogaster, is a serine/threonine kinase that is crucial for the regulation of mitosis, and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation. PLK1 expression is upregulated in a variety of tumor cell types and high expression is associated with increased aggressiveness and poor prognosis. 
it is a monohydroxypyridine and a member of methylpyridines. It derives from a cinchomeronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-hydroxy-6-methylpyridine-3,4-dicarboxylate and a 5-oxido-6-methylpyridinium-3,4-dicarboxylate. 
it is a triarylmethane in which the three aryl groups are phenyl. It forms the basic skeleton of several synthetic dyes. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 
it appears as yellow to greenish-yellow crystals or a yellow solid. Odorless. Maximum fluorescence at 440 nm. Bluish-violet fluorescence in UV light. (NTP, 1992) it is a tetraphene having methyl substituents at the 7- and 12-positions. It is a potent carcinogen and is present in tobacco smoke. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a member of tetraphenes and an ortho-fused polycyclic arene. 
it is a nucleoside analogue found in Bacillus megaterium in which an adenine moiety is attached to position 2 of a of an oxetane ring which is substituted at positions 3 and 4 by hydroxymethyl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial agent and an anti-HIV agent. It is a member of oxetanes, a nucleoside analogue, a primary alcohol and a diol. It derives from an adenine. 
it is a member of the class of prostaglandins A that is prosta-5,10,13,17-tetraen-1-oic acid carrying oxo and hydroxy substituents at positions 9 and 15 respectively (the 5Z,13E,15S,17Z-stereoisomer). It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a prostaglandins A and a secondary allylic alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a prostaglandin A3(1-). 
it is a long acting benzothiadiazine sulfonamide derivative belonging to the class of the thiazide diuretics. it is excreted mainly in its unchanged form. 
it is a tertiary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2S)-1-(4-cyanopyridin-2-yl)-5-oxopyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid with the secondary amino group of (2S)-2-(2-chlorophenyl)-N-(3,3-difluorocyclobutyl)-2-[(5-fluoropyridin-3-yl)amino]acetamide. It is approved by the FDA for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in patients with an isocitrate dehydrogenase-1 (IDH1) mutation. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.1.1.42 (isocitrate dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a cyanopyridine, a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones, an organofluorine compound, a tertiary carboxamide and a secondary carboxamide. it is an orally available inhibitor of isocitrate dehydrogenase type 1 (IDH1), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, AG-120 specifically inhibits a mutated form of IDH1 in the cytoplasm, which inhibits the formation of the oncometabolite, 2-hydroxyglutarate (2HG). This may lead to both an induction of cellular differentiation and an inhibition of cellular proliferation in IDH1-expressing tumor cells. IDH1, an enzyme in the citric acid cycle, is mutated in a variety of cancers; it initiates and drives cancer growth by both blocking cell differentiation and catalyzing the formation of 2HG. 
it is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of salicylic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of ethylene glycol It is a member of phenols, a primary alcohol and a member of salicylates. It derives from an ethylene glycol and a salicylic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps must be taken to prevent its spread to the environment. It is used to make other chemicals and as an oxygen absorbent. 
it is dianion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate group of 2,3-bis-O-(geranylgeranyl)-sn-glycerol 1-phosphate. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a 2,3-bis-O-(geranylgeranyl)-sn-glycerol 1-phospholipid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2,3-bis-O-(geranylgeranyl)-sn-glycerol 1-phosphate. 
it is a tridentate heterocyclic ligand that binds metals at three meridional sites giving two adjacent 5-membered MN2C2 chelate rings. It has a role as a chelator. 
it appears as clear colorless or faintly yellow slightly viscous liquid. Faint pleasant odor. (NTP, 1992) N,N-diethyl-m-toluamide is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of m-toluic acid with the nitrogen of diethylamine. First developed by the U.S. Army in 1946 for use by military personnel in insect-infested areas, it is the most widely used insect repellent worldwide. It has a role as an insect repellent, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of benzamides. It derives from a m-toluic acid. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid. Noncombustible, but accelerates the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in a fire or the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. It is used as a catalyst in the manufacture of other chemicals, in medicine, and in dyes. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is a thienoindole ring with carboxamide group and chlorine substituents at positions 2 and 6 respectively. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is an indole alkaloid, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an organochlorine compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an aromatic amide. 
it is a 16-HETE in which the chiral centre at position 16 has S-configuration. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a 16(R)-HETE. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abscess, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Streptococcal Infections, Infectious Skin Diseases, and Staphylococcal Skin Infections, among others. 
N-formyl-L-kynurenine is a N-formylkynurenine, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a non-proteinogenic amino acid derivative. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a L-kynurenine. It is a tautomer of a N-formyl-L-kynurenine zwitterion. 
A potent noncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor (RECEPTORS, N-METHYL-D-ASPARTATE) used mainly as a research tool. The drug has been considered for the wide variety of neurodegenerative conditions or disorders in which NMDA receptors may play an important role. Its use has been primarily limited to animal and tissue experiments because of its psychotropic effects. 
it is the dicarboxylic acid monoamide arising by formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of the glycine residue of glutathione with ammonia. It is a glutathione derivative, a tripeptide and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it, also known as fema 3754 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, caramel, and chocolate taste. 
Methionyl-phenylalanine, also known as it or met-phe, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Methionyl-phenylalanine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the malate salt of almotriptan. It has a role as a vasoconstrictor agent, a serotonergic agonist and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It contains an almotriptan. it is the malate salt of almotriptan, a sulfonamide triptan with vasoconstrictor activity. Almotriptan selectively binds to and activates serotonin 5-HT 1B and 1D receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby causing cerebral blood vessel constriction. This may lead to pain relief from vascular headaches. Almotriptan may also relieve vascular headaches by preventing the release of vasoactive neuropeptides from perivascular trigeminal axons in the dura mater during a migraine, by reducing extravasation of plasma proteins, and by decreasing the release of other mediators of inflammation from the trigeminal nerve. 
Isooctyl alcohol appears as a clear colorless liquid with a faint pleasant odor. Flash point 180Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a solvent, in the making of cutting and lubricating oils, in hydraulic fluids, and in the production of other chemicals. it is a primary alcohol that is heptane which is substituted by a methyl group at position 6 and a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid that is a derivative of myristic acid having a hydroxy substituent at C-2. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxymyristate. 
A narcotic antagonist with some agonist properties. It is an antagonist at mu opioid receptors and an agonist at kappa opioid receptors. Given alone it produces a broad spectrum of unpleasant effects and it is considered to be clinically obsolete. 
5, 6-Dihydro-6-pentyl-2H-pyran-2-one, also known as 5-hydroxy-2-decenoic acid D-lactone or C-10 it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydropyranones. Dihydropyranones are compounds containing a hydrogenated pyran ring which bears a ketone, and contains one double bond. 5, 6-Dihydro-6-pentyl-2H-pyran-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5, 6-dihydro-6-pentyl-2H-pyran-2-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 5, 6-Dihydro-6-pentyl-2H-pyran-2-one is a sweet, coconut, and creamy tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes 5, 6-dihydro-6-pentyl-2H-pyran-2-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol having a methoxy-substituent at the 3-position. It is a member of phenols and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a resorcinol. 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is quercetin in which the hydroxy group at position 3' is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor, an anticoagulant and a metabolite. It is a 7-hydroxyflavonol, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a clear colorless liquid with a mild ethereal odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a polyether that consists of dodecane in which the carbon atoms at positions 2, 5, 8 and 11 are replaced by oxygen atoms. It has a role as a solvent. 
it is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, it inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
L-it is zwitterionic form of L-it. It is a tautomer of a L-it. Leucine is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (provided by food), Leucine is important for protein synthesis and many metabolic functions. Leucine contributes to regulation of blood-sugar levels; growth and repair of muscle and bone tissue; growth hormone production; and wound healing. Leucine also prevents breakdown of muscle proteins after trauma or severe stress and may be beneficial for individuals with phenylketonuria. Leucine is available in many foods and deficiency is rare. (NCI04) 
A melanosome-specific protein that plays a role in the expression, stability, trafficking, and processing of GP100 MELANOMA ANTIGEN, which is critical to the formation of Stage II MELANOSOMES. The protein is used as an antigen marker for MELANOMA cells. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03945188 (it Versus Placebo for the Treatment of Moderately to Severely Active Ulcerative Colitis). 
it is a peptide zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino terminus of Gly-Pro. It is a tautomer of a Gly-Pro. 
it is a phenylpropanoid that is cinnamyl alcohol in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 on the benzene ring are replaced by hydroxy groups. It is a catechol and a phenylpropanoid. It derives from a cinnamyl alcohol. 
it is an organic disulfide that is L-685,458 in which the C-terminal amide group is coupled to a biotin moiety via a long linker containing the disulfide group. It has a role as an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor. It is an organic disulfide, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a carbamate ester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a biotin and a L-685,458. 
it is an artemisinin derivative that is the hemisuccinate ester of the lactol resulting from the reduction of the lactone carbonyl group of artemisinin. It is used, generally as the sodium salt, for the treatment of malaria. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is an artemisinin derivative, a sesquiterpenoid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a cyclic acetal, a semisynthetic derivative and a hemisuccinate. it is a water-soluble, semi-synthetic derivative of the sesquiterpine lactone artemisinin with anti-malarial, anti-schistosomiasis, antiviral, and potential anti-neoplastic activities. Upon hydrolysis of artesunate's active endoperoxide bridge moiety by liberated heme in parasite-infected red blood cells, reactive oxygen species and carbon-centered radicals form, which have been shown to damage and kill parasitic organisms. Additionally, in vitro studies demonstrate that this agent induces DNA breakage in a dose-dependent manner. it has also been shown to stimulate cell differentiation, arrest the cell cycle in the G1 and G2/M phases, inhibit cell proliferation, and induce apoptosis through mitochondrial and caspase signaling pathways. Artemisinin is isolated from the plant Artemisia annua. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpene consisting of ent-kaurane, where the 6-methyl group is replaced by methylene. It derives from a hydride of an ent-kaurane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsipeptides. These are natural or synthetic compounds having sequences of amino and hydroxy carboxylic acid residues (usually Î±-amino and Î±-hydroxy acids), commonly but not necessarily regularly alternating. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, it is involved in the perindopril action pathway. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C21H24N2O2, isolated from several plant species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is perhydrochrysene which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 4bbeta, 6aalpha, 8beta, 10abeta and 12a positions, by a 4-methylpent-3-enyl group at the 8alpha position, and with an oxo group at position 2. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is anthracene-9,10-dione in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 1 and 2. It has a role as a chromophore, a dye and a plant metabolite. 
2-chloro-1,4-phenylenediamine is a diamine that is 1,4-phenylenediamine substituted at position 2 by a chloro group. It has a role as a dye. It is a diamine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 1,4-phenylenediamine. It is a conjugate base of a 2-chloro-1,4-phenylenediaminium. 
Darvon is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. it is the hydrochloride salt form of the d-isomer of synthetic diphenyl propionate derivative propoxyphene, with narcotic analgesic effect. This agent mimics the effects of the endogenous opiate dextropropoxyphene, by binding to mu receptors located throughout the central nervous system. The binding results in GTP to GDP exchanges on the mu-G-protein complex, by which effector adenylate cyclase is inactivated thereby decreasing intracellular cAMP. This, in turn, inhibits the release of various nociceptive neurotransmitters, such as substance P, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), dopamine, acetylcholine, noradrenaline, vasopressin, and somatostatin. In addition, dextropropoxyphene closes N-type voltage-gated calcium channels and opens calcium-dependent inwardly rectifying potassium channels. This results in hyperpolarization, thereby reducing neuronal excitability, which further decreases the perception of pain. 
Indium in-111 oxyquinoline is a Radioactive Diagnostic Agent. The mechanism of action of indium in-111 oxyquinoline is as a Radiopharmaceutical Activity. 
1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pentan-3-ol is a member of the class of triazoles that is 2,2-dimethylpentane that is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 5 by hydroxy, 1,2,4-triazol-1-yl, and p-chlorophenyl groups, respectively. It is a member of triazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a member of the class the class of benzamides that is benzamide substituted by a propyl group at the N atom. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a benzamide. 
it is a member of the class of pyridines that is 2-(pyridin-4-yl)ethane-1-thiol in which the thiol hydrogen is replaced by a 4-methoxyphenyl group. It has a role as a VEGF activator. It is a member of pyridines, a monomethoxybenzene and an aryl sulfide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an unsaturated heparin disaccharide that is 2N,6-O-disulfo-alpha-D-glucosamine in which the hydroxy group at position 4 has been glycosylated by 4-deoxy-2-O-sulfo-alpha-L-threo-hex-4-enopyranuronic acid. Sequence: DUA2S-GlcNS6S. It is an unsaturated heparin disaccharide, an oligosaccharide sulfate and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a heparin disaccharide I-S(4-). 
An alkaloid that has actions similar to NICOTINE on nicotinic cholinergic receptors but is less potent. It has been proposed for a variety of therapeutic uses including in respiratory disorders, peripheral vascular disorders, insomnia, and smoking cessation. 
Nitrate and Nitrite are naturally occurring ionic species that are part of the earths nitrogen cycle. They typically exist in the environment in highly water-soluble forms, in association with other ions such as sodium and potassium. Salts completely dissociate in aqueous environments. Nitrite is readily oxidized (combines with oxygen) to form nitrate. Nitrate is generally stable in the environment; however, it may be reduced to nitrite through biological processes involving plants, microbes, etc. In nature, plants utilize nitrate as an essential nutrient. In commerce, the majority of nitrate is used in inorganic fertilizers. Additional uses of commercial nitrate and nitrite include food preservation and the production of munitions and explosives. 
it is a fluoroamino acid, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-threonine derivative. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 is substituted by a 4-(1-oxo-1,3-dihydroisoindol-2-yl)phenyl group. Initially used as an anti-inflammatory and analgesic, it was withdrawn from the market due to causing severe gastrointestinal bleeding. It has been subsequently found to increase production of the survival motor neuron protein. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of isoindoles and a gamma-lactam. It derives from a propionic acid. 
its a yellow-brown liquid which tends to crystallize at less than 77F. Used as an insecticide and acaricide. (EPA, 1998) 
it is the stable isotope of copper with relative atomic mass 62.929601, 69.2 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 3/2. 
Isopimaric acid, also known as it or isopimarate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. Isopimaric acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Isopimaric acid has been primarily detected in saliva. Within the cell, isopimaric acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
4, 4'-Thiobis-2-butanone, also known as 5-thianona-2, 8-dione or bis(3-oxobutyl) sulfide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. 4, 4'-Thiobis-2-butanone is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4, 4'-thiobis-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02886065 (A Study of PVX-410, a Cancer Vaccine, and it +/- Lenalidomide for Smoldering MM). it is an orally available histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it inhibits the activity of HDACs; this results in an accumulation of highly acetylated chromatin histones, the induction of chromatin remodeling and an altered pattern of gene expression. This leads to the inhibition of tumor oncogene transcription, and the selective transcription of tumor suppressor genes, which inhibit tumor cell division and induce tumor cell apoptosis. HDAC, an enzyme upregulated in many tumor types, deacetylates chromatin histone proteins. 
Paclitaxel Poliglumex is the agent paclitaxel linked to a biodegradable, water-soluble polyglutamate polymer with antineoplastic properties. The polyglutamate residue increases the water solubility of paclitaxel and allows delivery of higher doses than those achievable with paclitaxel alone. Paclitaxel promotes microtubule assembly and prevents microtubule depolymerization, thus interfering with normal mitosis. 
it appears as a crystalline solid. Denser than water and insoluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is an ortho-fused polycyclic arene found commonly in the coal tar. It has a role as a plant metabolite. it is an aromatic hydrocarbon in coal tar, allied to naphthalene and anthracene. It is a white crystalline substance, C18H12, of strong blue fluorescence, but generally colored yellow by impurities. 
it is a dihydroxy-1,3,5-triazine consisting of ammelide bearing an N-cyclohexyl substituent. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a dihydroxy-1,3,5-triazine and a monoamino-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from an ammelide. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is ursane which contains a double bond between positions 12 and 13 and in which the hydrogen at the 3beta position is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 
it is a phenothiazine derivative having a methylsulfanyl subsitituent at the 2-position and a (1-methylpiperidin-2-yl)ethyl] group at the N-10 position. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor and an EC 1.8.1.12 (trypanothione-disulfide reductase) inhibitor. It is a member of phenothiazines and a member of piperidines. It contains a methylsulfanyl group. 
it is a pyrimidone that is thymine in which the hydrogen at position 6 is substituted by a 3-hydroxypropyl group. It is a pyrimidone and a primary alcohol. It derives from a thymine. 
A guanidine analog with specific affinity for tissues of the sympathetic nervous system and related tumors. The radiolabeled forms are used as antineoplastic agents and radioactive imaging agents. (Merck Index, 12th ed) it serves as a neuron-blocking agent which has a strong affinity for, and retention in, the adrenal medulla and also inhibits ADP-ribosyltransferase. 
it is an organic cation that is phenothiazin-5-ium substituted by methyl, amino and dimethylamino groups at positions 2, 3 and 7 respectively. The chloride salt is used as a histological dye. 
it is a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid in which the eudesmane skeleton carries a hydroxy substituent at C-11 and has a double bond between C-3 and C-4. It has a role as a volatile oil component. It is a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid, a member of octahydronaphthalenes and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a biflavonoid that is obtained by oxidative coupling of two molecules of apigenin resulting in a bond between positions C-8 of the two chromene rings respectively. Isolated from Cupressus sempervirens and Juniperus occidentalis, it exhibits free radical scavenging and antielastase activities. It has a role as an EC 3.4.21.37 (leukocyte elastase) inhibitor, a radical scavenger and a metabolite. It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a ring assembly. 
it is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-[(2,4-dihydroxy-6-propylbenzoyl)oxy]-2-hydroxy-6-propylbenzoic acid with the 4-hydroxy group of 2,4-dihydroxy-6-pentylbenzoic acid (olivetolic acid). It is isolated from the endophytic fungi Cytonaema and acts as an inhibitor of human cytomegalovirus (hCMV) protease. It has a role as a metabolite, an antiviral agent and a protease inhibitor. It is a benzoate ester, a member of resorcinols and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from an olivetolic acid. 
it is a ten-membered oligopeptide comprising D-arginyl, L-arginyl, L-prolyl, (4R)-4-hydroxy-L-prolyl, glycyl, L-phenylalanyl, L-seryl, D-phenylalanyl, L-phenylalanyl and L-arginine residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a bradykinin receptor antagonist. It derives from a bradykinin. 
it is an aminonucleoside antibiotic, derived from the Streptomyces alboniger bacterium, that causes premature chain termination during translation taking place in the ribosome. It has a role as a nucleoside antibiotic, an antiinfective agent, an antineoplastic agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent, an EC 3.4.11.14 (cytosol alanyl aminopeptidase) inhibitor and an EC 3.4.14.2 (dipeptidyl-peptidase II) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces alboniger. Acting as an analog of the 3' terminal end of aminoacyl-tRNA, it incorporates itself into a growing polypeptide chain and causes its premature termination, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis. This agent has antimicrobial, antitrypanosomal, and antineoplastic properties; it is used as an antibiotic in cell culture. (NCI04) 
it is a diterpene that is 3-methylidenehexadec-1-ene substituted at positions 7, 11 and 15 by a methyl group. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antimicrobial agent, a plant metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is an alkene and a diterpene. 
it is a sulfamoylbenzoic acid derivative with diuretic activity. Compared to its sulfamoyl analogue clofenamide, it is a more potent diuretic and a less active carbonic anhydrase inhibitor. 
it is a nitrosamine that is sarcosine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen has been replaced by a nitroso group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a non-proteinogenic amino acid derivative and a nitrosamine. It derives from a sarcosine. it is a pale yellow, crystalline solid nitrosamine that decomposes when exposed to light and emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides when heated to decomposition. it is used in laboratory research to induce tumors in experimental animals. This substance may be formed during the cooking of foods that contain sodium nitrite as a preservative, including meat, fish and cheese. Exposure to it irritates the skin and eyes. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cellulitis, Burn Infection, Wound Infection, Cutaneous Abscess, and Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Bacterial Infections. 
it is a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone that is 1,4-naphthoquinone in which the hydrogen at position 5 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. A plant-derived 1,4-naphthoquinone with confirmed antibacterial and antitumor activities. It has a role as a herbicide. 
it is a pseudoguaianolide that is decahydroazuleno[6,5-b]furan-2(3H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group a position 7, an oxo group at position 5, methyl groups at positions 4a and 8 and a methylidene group at position 3. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Inula hupehensis. It has a role as a metabolite, a plant metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a pseudoguaianolide, a gamma-lactone, a cyclic ketone, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a secondary alcohol. 
it is an acetate salt comprising equal numbers of acetate and lithium ions. It is an organic lithium salt and an acetate salt. It contains an acetate. 
it is a member of the class of sulfamides in which the two amino groups of sulfonamide are substituted by 5-(4-bromophenyl)-6-{2-[(5-bromopyrimidin-2-yl)oxy]ethoxy}pyrimidin-4-yl and propyl groups. An orphan drug used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It has a role as an endothelin receptor antagonist, an antihypertensive agent and an orphan drug. It is an organobromine compound, a member of pyrimidines, an aromatic ether, a ring assembly and a member of sulfamides. It derives from an ethylene glycol and an ACT-132577. it is an orally available dual endothelin receptor (ETR) antagonist with potential antihypertensive and antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it and its metabolites block the binding of endothelin isoform 1 (ET-1) to type-A and type-B ETR on both the tumor cells and the endothelial cells in the tumor vasculature. This prevents ET-1 mediated signaling transduction which may decrease tumor cell proliferation, progression, and angiogenesis in tumor tissue. ET-1, a potent vasoconstrictor that plays an important role in inflammation and tissue repair, is, together with its receptors, overexpressed varyingly in many tumor cell types. 
it is a member of the hydrazine family with non-selective and irreversible inhibitor effects against monoamine oxidases. In 1960, it was used as an antidepressant but it is now discontinued. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is dammarane which has a double bond between positions 24 and 25, and is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta- and 20- positions. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is the essential oil obtained from ground nutmeg. it is typically used as a food flavoring but also has analgesic properties. 
it is a 4-amino-1,2-oxazolidin-3-one that has S configuration. An antibiotic isolated from Erwinia uredovora. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an EC 2.3.1.50 (serine C-palmitoyltransferase) inhibitor and an anti-HIV agent. It is an enantiomer of a D-cycloserine. 
it is a tertiary alcohol that is propan-2-ol substituted by a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 2. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a monomethoxybenzene and a tertiary alcohol. 
it (compounds, weed, killing, liquid) appears as a yellow to light yellow-green solution with an odor of amine and sulfur that varies in intensity. it is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfur insecticide. It has a role as a proherbicide, a proinsecticide, a profungicide and a pronematicide. It contains a metam(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzenesulfonamides. These are organic compounds containing a sulfonamide group that is S-linked to a benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which each of the amino groups has been substituted by a 3-({2-methyl-5-[(4,6,8-trisulfo-1-naphthyl)carbamoyl]phenyl}carbamoyl)phenyl group. An activator of both the rabbit skeletal muscle RyR1 and sheep cardiac RyR2 isoform ryanodine receptor channels, it has been used for the treatment of human African trypanosomiasis for over 100 years. It has a role as a ryanodine receptor agonist, a GABA-gated chloride channel antagonist, a GABA antagonist, an apoptosis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor, a purinergic receptor P2 antagonist, an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor, an antinematodal drug and a trypanocidal drug. It is a member of phenylureas, a secondary carboxamide and a naphthalenesulfonic acid. It derives from a naphthalene-1,3,5-trisulfonic acid. it is a polysulphonated naphthylurea with potential antineoplastic activity. it blocks the binding of various growth factors, including insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), epidermal growth factor (EGF), platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF), and tumor growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), to their receptors, thereby inhibiting endothelial cell proliferation and migration. This agent also inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)- and basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF)-induced angiogenesis; retroviral reverse transcriptase; uncoupling of G-proteins from receptors; topoisomerases; cellular folate transport; and steroidogenesis. (NCI04) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer. it is an orally bioavailable small-molecule androgen receptor modulator and CYP17 lyase inhibitor with potential antiandrogen activity. it exhibits three distinct mechanisms of action: 1) as an androgen receptor antagonist, 2) as a CYP17 lyase inhibitor and 3) by decreasing overall androgen receptor levels in prostate cancer tumors, all of which may result in a decrease in androgen-dependent growth signaling. Localized to the endoplasmic reticulum (ER), the cytochrome P450 enzyme CYP17 (P450C17 or CYP17A1) exhibits both 17alpha-hydroxylase and 17,20-lyase activities, and plays a key role in the steroidogenic pathway that produces progestins, mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, androgens, and estrogens. 
Phosphatidyl serine (PS) is a phospholipid nutrient found in fish, green leafy vegetables, soybeans and rice, and is essential for the normal functioning of neuronal cell membranes and activates Protein kinase C (PKC) which has been shown to be involved in memory function. In apoptosis, phosphatidyl serine is transferred to the outer leaflet of the plasma membrane. This is part of the process by which the cell is targeted for phagocytosis. PS has been shown to slow cognitive decline in animal models. PS has been investigated in a small number of double-blind placebo trials and has been shown to increase memory performance in the elderly. Because of the potentail cognitive benefits of phosphatidylserine, the substance is sold as a dietary supplement to people who believe they can benefit from an increased intake.  The dietary supplement was originally processed from bovine sources however Prion disease scares in the 1990s outlawed this process, and a soy-based alternative was adopted. 
it is an organic cation consisting of 7-(4-methylanilino)phenazine carrying additional methyl, amino and phenyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 5 respectively. One of four components of mauvaine, a syntheteic violet-coloured dye. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a member of phenazines and an organic cation. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoic acid with methanol. It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a methyl ester. It derives from a 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoic acid. 
it appears as fine white free-flowing crystals or white powder. Odorless. (NTP, 1992) it is a bridged organochlorine compound resulting from the Diels-Alder reaction of hexachlorocyclopentadiene with maleic anhydride followed by hydrolysis of the resulting anhydride. A chemical intermediate used in the preparation of fire-retardant polyester resins and plasticisers. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is an organochlorine compound, a dicarboxylic acid and a bridged compound. 
4-Methylphenyl 3-methylbutanoate, also known as p-tolyl 3-methylbutyrate or fema 3387, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. 4-Methylphenyl 3-methylbutanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-methylphenyl 3-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Methylphenyl 3-methylbutanoate has a sweet, animal, and herbal taste. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphate in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as hexanoyl. It is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol 3-phosphate and a hexanoate ester. 
it is a bile acid taurine conjugate of cholic acid that usually occurs as the sodium salt of bile in mammals. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an amino sulfonic acid and a bile acid taurine conjugate. It derives from a cholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is an iodoamino acid that is L-histidine derivative in which the imidazole ring is substituted by iodine at position 5. It is an iodoamino acid, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-histidine derivative. 
(1XI, 3XI)-1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-3-carboxylic acid, also known as mtca, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as harmala alkaloids. Harmala alkaloids are compounds with a structure based on harmaline, harmine, harmalol, harman or a derivative of those parents. These parents are beta-carbolines, consisting of a pyrimidine fused to the pyrrole moiety of an indole to form a pyrido[3, 4-b]indole (1XI, 3XI)-1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-3-carboxylic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (1xi, 3xi)-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-3-carboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1xi, 3xi)-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-3-carboxylic acid can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, herbs and spices, and mushrooms. This makes (1xi, 3xi)-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-3-carboxylic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03397771 (DBPC Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of Oral it in Subjects With Urinary Incontinence). 
6-(1-Hydroxyethyl)-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran, also known as a, 2, 2-trimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran-6-methanol, 9CI or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. 6-(1-Hydroxyethyl)-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6-(1-hydroxyethyl)-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 6-(1-hydroxyethyl)-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran can be found in fats and oils. This makes 6-(1-hydroxyethyl)-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is quinoline-8-carboxylic acid carrying additional methyl and chloro substituents at positions 3 and 7 respectively. A residual herbicide used to control broad-leaved weeds on a range of crops including cereals, rape and beet. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a synthetic auxin. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a dibenzoazepine derivative, having a carbamoyl group at the ring nitrogen, substituted with an oxo group at C-4 of the azepeine ring which is also hydrogenated at C-4 and C-5. It is a anticholinergic anticonvulsant and mood stabilizing drug, used primarily in the treatment of epilepsy. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a drug allergen. It is a dibenzoazepine and a cyclic ketone. It contains a carbamoyl group. it is a dibenzazepine carboxamide derivative with an anticonvulsant property. As a prodrug, it is converted to its active metabolite, 10-monohydroxy. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, electrophysiological studies indicate this agent blocks voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby stabilizing hyper-excited neural membranes, inhibiting repetitive neuronal firing, and decreasing the propagation of synaptic impulses. 
it, also known as a-t dipeptide or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a furanochromone that is furo[3,2-g]chromen-5-one which is substituted at positions 4 and 7 by methoxy and methyl groups, respectively. Found in the toothpick-plant, Ammi visnaga. It has a role as a phytotoxin, an EC 1.1.1.37 (malate dehydrogenase) inhibitor, a vasodilator agent, an antihypertensive agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a furanochromone, an aromatic ether and a polyketide. 
it is a phosphatidylethanol in which both phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the nucleoside class of cytotoxic drugs of which gemcitabine is the market leader. OSI Pharmaceuticals develops it as a next-generation gemcitabine. The anti-tumor activity of it appeares to be less schedule dependent than gemcitabine. It is also more active than ara-C (another clinically used nucleoside analog) in all nine models and more active than either paclitaxel or cisplatin in the two lung xenograft models tested. This drug shows no unexpected toxicities; those observed appeared to be similar to other nucleoside agents. 
it is a 3-oxo steroid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. 
it (imino form) is a it. It is a tautomer of a it (amino form). it is an imidazoline derivate and centrally-acting alpha-adrenergic agonist, with antihypertensive activity. it binds to and stimulates central alpha-2 adrenergic receptors, thereby reducing the amount of norepinephrine (NE) release and thus decreasing sympathetic outflow to the heart, kidneys, and peripheral vasculature. The reduction in sympathetic outflow leads to decreased peripheral vascular resistance, decreased blood pressure, and decreased heart rate. In addition, it binds to imidazoline receptor subtype 1 (I1), which may also contribute to a reduction in blood pressure. 
Quinupristin and dalfopristin are intravenously administered, streptogramin antibiotics used in fixed combination to treat severe bacterial infections due to susceptible organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The fixed combination of quinupristin and dalfopristin is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been convincingly linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. Dalfopristin is a semi-synthetic derivative of streptogramin A produced by streptomycetes. Dalfopristin inhibits the early phase of protein synthesis in the bacterial ribosome by binding to the 70S subunit, and also alters the configuration of the ribosome to make it more susceptible for streptogramin B binding. Dalfopristin is used in combination with quinopristin, a streptogramin B derivative. This combination is active against most gram-positive organisms, including Enterococcus faecium, and is also active against some gram-negative organisms and mycoplasma. 
Ipratropium is a synthetic derivative of the alkaloid atropine with anticholinergic properties. Ipratropium antagonizes the actions of acetylcholine at parasympathetic postganglionic effector cell junctions. When inhaled, ipratropium binds competitively to cholinergic receptors in the bronchial smooth muscle thereby blocking the bronchoconstrictor actions of the acetylcholine (Ach) mediated vagal impulses. Inhibition of the vagal tone leads to dilation of the large central airways resulting in bronchodilation. 
it is a platinum(II) porphyrin compound having a 2-keto group and eight ethyl substituents in the 3-, 3-, 7-, 8-, 12-, 13-, 17- and 18-positions. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
Androstan-3alpha, 17beta-diol, also known as 5Î±-androstan-3Î±, 17Î²-diol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. Androstan-3alpha, 17beta-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Androstan-3alpha, 17beta-diol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, androstan-3alpha, 17beta-diol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a thiazolopyrimidine that is 5H-[1,3]thiazolo[3,2-a]pyrimidin-5-one which is substituted at position 7 by a methyl group and at position 6 by a 2-{4-[bis(4-fluorophenyl)methylidene]piperidin-1-yl}ethyl group. A potent and long-acting seratonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) antagonist of the subtype 5-HT2 (Ki = 0.39 nM), it is used in the treatment of a variety of disorders including anxiety, depression and schizophrenia. It has little sedative action. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, an antipsychotic agent, an anxiolytic drug, an antidepressant and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is an organofluorine compound, a member of piperidines and a thiazolopyrimidine. 
it is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid that is the N-acetyl derivative of L-tryptophan. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a L-tryptophan derivative and a N-acetyl-L-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. It is an enantiomer of a N-acetyl-D-tryptophan. 
it is an amygdalin in which the stereocentre on the cyanohydrin function has R-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a (R)-mandelonitrile. Amygdalin is a cyanogenic glucoside isolated from almonds and seeds of other plants of the family Rosaceae. Amygdalin is converted by plant emulsin (a combination of a glucosidase and a nitrilase) or hydrochloric acid into benzaldehyde, D-glucose, and hydrocyanic acid. (NCI04) 
4-aminobenzene sulfonic acid appears as white powder with faint purple tinge. Grayish-white flat crystals. Becomes anhydrous at around 212Â°F. Low toxicity (used medicinally). it is an aminobenzenesulfonic acid that is aniline sulfonated at the para-position. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-aminobenzenesulfonate. 
it is a dihydroxybenzenesulfonic acid in which the hydroxy groups are located at positions 2 and 3. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-dihydroxybenzenesulfonate. 
it appears as a clear colorless or light yellow liquid. May become reddish brown on exposure to air and light. Flash point 185Â°F. Has about the same density as water and is very slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Confirmed carcinogen. it is an aminotoluene in which the amino substituent is ortho to the methyl group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. 
it is a uroporphyrinogen. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
Geniposidic acid, also known as geniposidate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as iridoid o-glycosides. These are iridoid monoterpenes containing a glycosyl (usually a pyranosyl) moiety linked to the iridoid skeleton. Geniposidic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, geniposidic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, geniposidic acid can be found in beverages and fruits. This makes geniposidic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a pale yellow to white liquid with a camphor-like odor. Flash point 165Â°F. Less dense than water and only negligibly soluble in water. Slightly irritates the skin and eyes. Slightly toxic by ingestion but may irritate the mouth, throat and gastrointestinal tract. 
Lithium aluminum hydride appears as a white powder that turns gray on standing. If spread out over a large flat combustible surface, friction can cause ignition. Used to make other chemicals, as a polymerization catalyst, as a hydrogen source, and as a propellant. 
it is a chlorobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 3, and 6 have been replaced by chlorines. A synthetic auxin, it is used as a post-emergence herbicide to control weeds in various cereal crops. Not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a synthetic auxin, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a trichlorobenzene and a chlorobenzoic acid. 
A potent mycotoxin produced in feedstuffs by several species of the genus FUSARIUM. It elicits a severe inflammatory reaction in animals and has teratogenic effects. 
it is an octadecenoyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of oleic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one nitrogen is replaced by a cyclohexyl group and a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen is replaced by a p-iodophenyl group. It is an organoiodine compound and a member of phenylureas. 
it is the phosphoric acid monoester resulting from formal condensation of the alcohol group of lactic acid with phosphoric acid. 
it is an analogue of the naturally occurring tripeptide hemiasterlin, with potential antimitotic and antineoplastic activities. it binds tubulin in a similar manner as colchicine and inhibits tubulin polymerization. This results in the disruption of the cytoskeleton, ultimately leading to cell cycle arrest in G2/M phase, blockage of cell division and apoptosis. 
it, also known as it or pyrrole, 2-propionyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a popcorn and roast taste. 
Deferoxamine is a parenterally administered iron chelating agent used to treat transfusion related chronic iron overload. Deferoxamine rarely causes serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and has not been convincingly linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is the mesylate salt of an iron-chelating agent that binds free iron in a stable complex, preventing it from engaging in chemical reactions. Deferoxamine chelates iron from intra-lysosomal ferritin and ferrioxamine, a water-soluble complex excreted by the kidneys and in the feces via the bile. This agent does not readily chelate iron bound to transferrin, hemoglobin, myoglobin or cytochrome. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Neoplasms, Solid Tumor, Neoplasms, Malignant, and Advanced Solid Tumors, among others. it is a synthetic water-soluble analogue of combretastatin A4, derived from the South African willow bush (Combretum caffrum), with potential vascular-disrupting and antineoplastic activities. it binds to the colchicine binding site of endothelial cell tubulin, inhibiting tubulin polymerization and inducing mitotic arrest and apoptosis in endothelial cells. As apoptotic endothelial cells detach from their substrata, tumor blood vessels collapse; the acute disruption of tumor blood flow may result in tumor necrosis. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyindoles that is melatonin in which the hydrogen at position 2 of the indole ring has been replaced by a hydroxy group. A predominant hydroxylated melatonin metabolite in plants. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of acetamides, a member of tryptamines and a member of hydroxyindoles. It derives from a melatonin. 
it is a second-generation sulfonylurea with antihyperglycemic activity. Compared to first-generation compounds and like other second-generation compounds, it works more effectively with fewer side effects. This agent has a relatively short half-life of 4.0 hours and is excreted mainly by the kidneys. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranones and derivatives. Pyranones and derivatives are compounds containing a pyran ring which bears a ketone. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a purine nucleoside having adenine as the nucleobase and a carboxy group at C-5'. It derives from an adenine. It is a conjugate acid of an adenin-9-yl riburonosate(1-). 
1-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-1-butanone, also known as 2', 4'-dihydroxybutyrophenone or 4-butyrylresorcinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 1-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-1-butanone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-(2, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)-1-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
(2S,4R)-rose oxide is a rose oxide that has S configuration at position 2 and R configuration at position 4. Also known as it, it is responsible for the characteristic fragrance of roses. It has a role as a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (2R,4S)-rose oxide. 
One of the non-essential amino acids commonly occurring in the L-form. It is found in animals and plants, especially in sugar cane and sugar beets. It may be a neurotransmitter. 
it is resorcinol substituted at position 5 by a pentadecyl chain. It has a role as an EC 1.1.5.3 (glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase) inhibitor. 
it is a colorless thick liquid (heated) with a faint alcohol odor. Solidifies and floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a long-chain fatty alcohol that is tetradecane in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol, a fatty alcohol 14:0 and a primary alcohol. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of tolmetin. Used in the form of its dihydrate as a nonselective nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It has a role as an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It contains a tolmetin(1-). it is the sodium salt form of tolmetin, an arylalkanoic acid and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic, anti-inflammatory and antipyretic activities. Although the exact mechanism through which tolmetin exerts its effects has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent appears to inhibit the enzyme prostaglandin synthase. This prevents the formation of prostaglandins from prostaglandin precursors, including the synthesis of the inflammatory prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) from the precursor prostaglandin H2 (PGH2). This prevents prostaglandin-mediated effects, including pain, inflammation and fever. 
it is a 2-(4-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid that has R configuration. It is the most active enantiomer of the (racemic) herbicide haloxyfop and is used (particularly as the corresponding methyl and ethoxyethyl ester proherbicides (it-methyl and it-etotyl, respectively) to control annual and perrenial grasses in a variety of crops. It has a role as a phenoxy herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-haloxyfop. 
it is n-Ethylpiperidine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the methyl group is substituted by a 4-butoxybenzoyl group. It has a role as a topical anaesthetic. It is a member of piperidines and an aromatic ketone. it is an unclassified compound with local anesthetic effect. it reversibly binds to activated sodium channels on the neuronal membrane, thereby decreasing the neuronal membrane's permeability to sodium ions, leading to an increased threshold for excitation. This reversibly stabilizes the membrane and inhibits depolarization, leading to the failure of a propagated action potential and subsequent conduction blockade. This results in a transient and reversible loss of sensation in a localized area of the body. 
it is a member of the class of imidazopyrazines that is imidazo[1,5-a]pyrazin-8-amine carrying additional 2-phenylquinolin-7-yl and 3-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)cyclobutyl groups at positions 1 and 3 respectively. It is an inhibitor of insulin growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1 receptor, IGFR1R) tyrosine kinase. It has a role as an insulin-like growth factor receptor 1 antagonist and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is an imidazopyrazine, a member of quinolines, a N-alkylpiperazine, an aromatic amine and a primary amino compound. 
it is a tartaric acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2,3-dihydroxybutanedioic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2,3-dihydroxybutanedioic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-dihydroxybutanedioate. 
Telithromycin is a ketolide, a novel form of macrolide antibiotic that is recommended for treatment of community acquired pneumonia. Telithromycin was approved for use in the United States in 2004 and subsequently linked to several cases of severe drug induced liver injury. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits, nuts, and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-phenylalanine and L-valine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-phenylalanine and a L-valine. 
it is an inhibitor of the adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-binding cassette (ABC) transporter P-glycoprotein (P-gp), with adjuvant activity. Upon oral administration, encequidar selectively binds to and inhibits the multidrug resistance (MDR) efflux pump P-gp, which prevents the efflux of various chemotherapeutic agents from intestinal epithelial cells to the gastrointestinal tract. This leads to an increase in both oral bioavailability and therapeutic efficacy. P-gp prevents the intestinal uptake and intracellular accumulation of various cytotoxic agents. it is not systemically absorbed. 
it is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and an agrochemical. It derives from a chrysanthemic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors, Recurrent or Refractory Medulloblastoma, and Locally Advanced or Metastatic Basal Cell Carcinoma. 
it is a chalcocarbonic acid, a thiocarbonyl compound and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogen trithiocarbonate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of mefloquine, a piperidinyl quinidine with antimalarial activity. Although the exact mechanism of mefloquine hydrochloride is largely unknown, this agent acts as a blood schizonticide and probably exert its actions by interacting with the phospholipid bilayer, thereby interfering with the stability of the cell membrane and causing cell lysis. it is active against Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-histidine and L-proline residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls that is biphenyl substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It is generally used as a post-harvest fungicide for citrus fruits. It has a role as an environmental food contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 3' and methoxy groups at positions 6, 4' and 5' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from an isoflavone. 
1-O-palmitoyl-2-O-(5-oxovaleryl)-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine having palmitoyl and 5-oxovaleryl groups at the 1- and 2-positions respectively; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer. It is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and an aldehyde. It is a conjugate base of a 1-O-palmitoyl-2-O-(5-oxovaleryl)-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine(1+). 
it is an organoarsonic acid where the organyl group is 4-nitrophenyl. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and an agrochemical. It is a C-nitro compound and an organoarsonic acid. It derives from a phenylarsonic acid. 
Azithromycin is a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic which is commonly used for a wide variety of mild-to-moderate bacterial infections. Azithromycin has been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. 
it is the trans-2,3-epoxy derivative of succinic acid. It is an epoxide and a C4-dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
Prohexadione-calcium is a calcium salt containing equal numbers of prohexadione(2-) and Ca(2+) ions. A plant growth regulator, it is used as an anti-lodging agent in small-grain cereals. It has a role as a plant growth regulator, an agrochemical and a gibberellin biosynthesis inhibitor. It contains a prohexadione(2-). 
it, also known as eloxatin or L-OHP CPD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, oxaliplatin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it or amyl octoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, pentyl octanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, orris, and wine taste. 
it appears as a liquid with a sharp odor. Less dense than water. Mildly toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Severely irritates the skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
cis-2, 3-Dimethylthiirane, also known as cis-2, 3-dimethylepisulfide or cis-2-butene episulfide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiiranes. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated three-member ring with two carbon atoms and one sulfur atom. Within the cell, cis-2, 3-dimethylthiirane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a lysine derivative having a 2,4-dinitrophenyl substituent at the N(6)-position. It is a C-nitro compound, a lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It contains a 4-aminobutyl group. It derives from a lysine. 
it is a benzimidazole substituted with a carbamoyl group at C-4 and a (2R)-2-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl moiety at C-2. It is a potent, orally bioavailable PARP inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor. it is a poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) -1 and -2 inhibitor with chemosensitizing and antitumor activities. With no antiproliferative effects as a single agent at therapeutic concentrations, ABT-888 inhibits PARPs, thereby inhibiting DNA repair and potentiating the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents. PARP nuclear enzymes are activated by DNA single or double strand breaks, resulting in the poly(ADP-ribosyl)ation of other nuclear DNA binding proteins involved in DNA repair; poly(ADP-ribosyl)ation contributes to efficient DNA repair and to survival of proliferating cells exposed to mild genotoxic stresses as induced by as oxidants, alkylating agents or ionizing radiation. 
it is a magnesium salt of gluconate. It demonstrates the highest oral bioavailability of magnesium salts and is used as a mineral supplement. Magnesium is ubiquitous in the human body, and is naturally present in many foods, added to other food products, available as a dietary supplement and used as an ingredient in some medicines (such as antacids and laxatives).  Although magnesium is available in the form of sulphates, lactate, hydroxide, oxide and chloride, only it is recommended for magnesium supplementation as it appears to be better absorbed and causes less diarrha.  This drug has been studied in the prevention of pregnancy-induced hypertension, and has displayed promising results. In addition, it has been studied for its effects on premature uterine contractions. 
it powder, amorphous appears as a dark brown powder. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Burns readily when exposed to heat or flames, and may be difficult to extinguish. Water may not be effective in extinguishing flames. Used to make computer microchips. it atom is a carbon group element atom, a nonmetal atom and a metalloid atom. 
it is a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine that is 6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine in which the one of the hydrogens of each amino group is substituted by an isopropyl group. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from a 6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine. 
it is a pyrimidopyrimidine that is 2,2',2'',2'''-(pyrimido[5,4-d]pyrimidine-2,6-diyldinitrilo)tetraethanol substituted by piperidin-1-yl groups at positions 4 and 8 respectively. A vasodilator agent, it inhibits the formation of blood clots. It has a role as an adenosine phosphodiesterase inhibitor, an EC 3.5.4.4 (adenosine deaminase) inhibitor, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a vasodilator agent. It is a member of piperidines, a pyrimidopyrimidine, a tertiary amino compound and a tetrol. it is a synthetic agent derivative of pyrimido-pyrimidine, with antiplatelet properties. it inhibits adenosine uptake by platelets and endothelial cells, triggering an accumulation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP), and inhibiting the stimulation of platelet aggregation by agents such as platelet activating factor and collagen. (NCI04) 
it is a branched alkane that is heptane carrying two methyl groups each at positions 2 and 6, and one methyl group at position 4. 
Atropine is a natural alkaloid anticholinergic agent that has potent antimuscarinic effects and is used by injection to treat symptomatic bradycardia, severe bronchospasm and to reduce vagal stimulation. Atropine has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Homatropine is a synthetic tertiary amine alkaloid with antimuscarinic properties. Homatropine, a competitive inhibitor of acetylcholine at the muscarinic receptor, blocks parasympathetic nerve stimulation. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Forms a very flammable mixture with combustible materials. Mixture may be explosive if combustible material is very finely divided. Mixture may be ignited by friction. Contact with strong sulfuric acid may cause fires or explosions. May spontaneously decompose and ignite when mixed with ammonium salts. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Used to make matches, paper, explosives, and many other uses. 
A chelating agent that has been used to mobilize toxic metals from the tissues of humans and experimental animals. It is the main metabolite of DISULFIRAM. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is methane in which two hydrogens have each been substituted by a 4-hydroxycoumarin-3-yl group. Related to warfarin, it has been used as an anticoagulant. It has a role as a vitamin K antagonist, an anticoagulant, an EC 1.6.5.2 [NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and a Hsp90 inhibitor. it is a hydroxycoumarin originally isolated from molding sweet-clover hay, with anticoagulant and vitamin K depletion activities. it is a competitive inhibitor of vitamin K epoxide reductase; thus, it inhibits vitamin K recycling and causes depletion of active vitamin K in blood. This prevents the formation of the active form of prothrombin and several other coagulant enzymes, and inhibits blood clotting. 
it is an 3beta-sterol that is (22E)-ergosta-5,22-diene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3beta. It is a phytosterol found in marine algae, fish, and rapeseed oil. It has a role as an EC 1.3.1.72 (Delta(24)-sterol reductase) inhibitor, a biomarker, a human metabolite, a plant metabolite, an animal metabolite, an algal metabolite, a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor and a marine metabolite. It is an ergostanoid, a 3beta-sterol and a member of phytosterols. it is a steroid derivative characterized by the hydroxyl group in position C-3 of the steroid skeleton, elimination of carbon 24.2 of the alkyl substituent, and unsaturated bonds in position 5-6 of the B ring, and position 22-23 in the alkyl substituent. It is synthesized by several unicellular algae and some terrestrial plants. 
C.i. food red 15 appears as green crystals or reddish-violet powder. Used as a dye, especially for paper, as a metal chelating reagent, and in drugs and cosmetics. it is an organic chloride salt having N-[9-(2-carboxyphenyl)-6-(diethylamino)-3H-xanthen-3-ylidene]-N-ethylethanaminium as the counterion. An amphoteric dye commonly used as a fluorochrome. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a fluorescent probe and a histological dye. It is an organic chloride salt and a xanthene dye. It contains a it(1+). 
it is a 4-hydroxybenzoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-hydroxybenzoic acid with methanol. It is the most frequently used antimicrobial preservative in cosmetics. It occurs naturally in several fruits, particularly in blueberries. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antimicrobial food preservative, a neuroprotective agent and an antifungal agent. 
it is a crystalline powder. Very toxic. Cholinesterase inhibitor. Restricted use as insecticide. it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and an anthelminthic drug. It derives from a 4-hydroxy-N,N-dimethylbenzenesulfonamide. it is a synthetic organic thiophosphate compound and organothiophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a highly toxic, colorless crystalline solid, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a white crystalline or powdered solid. When exposed to water it may react violently and start a fire. It is toxic by ingestion. It is used to make other chemicals. 
it is a fluorobenzoate that is the conjugate base of 4-fluorobenzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-fluorobenzoic acid. 
it appears as colorless to light tan crystalline powder or solid. Odor threshold 1.2 mg/L. Taste threshold 0.05 mg/L. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 4. It derives from a hydride of an o-xylene. 
it, also known as ethyladipate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyladipic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid cation obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group and protonation of the amino and guanidino groups of it. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
Methyl (indol-3-yl)acetate is the methyl ester of indole-3-acetic acid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a member of indoles and a methyl ester. It derives from an indole-3-acetic acid. 
3-Methylthio-thiophene, also known as 3-thienylmethylsulfide or methyl 3-thienyl sulfide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 3-Methylthio-thiophene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-methylthio-thiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 3-Methylthio-thiophene exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a member of the class of cinnamamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-coumaric acid with the primary amino group of agmatine. It is a member of guanidines, a member of phenols and a member of cinnamamides. It derives from an agmatine and a 4-coumaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1+). 
it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone that is 9,10-anthraquinone which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 2, and 8 and by a methyl group at position 6. It is isolated from the leaves of Picramnia sellowii and Picramnia latifolia plants. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a polyketide that is a member of the manumycin family of antibiotics and exhibits strong antibacterial, antifungal, and antineoplastic activities. Isolated from from the actinomycete bacterium Streptomyces nodosus subsp. asukaensis. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent, an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an enamide, an epoxide, an organic heterobicyclic compound, a polyketide, a tertiary alcohol and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a 4-hydroxyprotoit. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyruvate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-valinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-valinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is an aliphatic and extremely hydrophobic essential amino acid in humans related to leucine, it is found in many proteins, mostly in the interior of globular proteins helping to determine three-dimensional structure. A glycogenic amino acid, it maintains mental vigor, muscle coordination, and emotional calm. it is obtained from soy, cheese, fish, meats and vegetables. it supplements are used for muscle growth, tissue repair, and energy. (NCI04) 
Methylcarbamoylcarbamate is a carbamate ester obatined by the formal condensation of urea-1-carboxylic acid with methanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of ureas and a carbamate ester. It derives from a urea-1-carboxylic acid. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-tryptophan, L-methione, L-aspartic acid and L-phenylalaninamide residues joined in sequence. It has a role as an anxiogenic and a human metabolite. It is a tetrapeptide and a peptidyl amide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, p-hydroxynonanophenone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, p-hydroxynonanophenone can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes p-hydroxynonanophenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Isoit belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. Isoit is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isoit is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, isoit can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes isoit a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Methyl chloromethyl ether appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point -4Â°F. Irritates the eyes and respiratory system. Very toxic by inhalation and may be toxic by ingestion or skin absorption. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a colorless, flammable, carcinogenic liquid with a highly irritating odor. it is used in the synthesis of chloromethylated compounds, as an alkylating agent, and as a solvent in the manufacture of water repellents, ion-exchange resins, and industrial polymers. Exposure to its vapors causes severe irritation of the skin, eyes, mucous membranes, respiratory tract as well as pulmonary edema, pneumonia and lung cancer (mainly small-cell type) in humans. it is a known human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide that is the 2'-butanoate ester and 6-N-butanoyl derivative of 3',5'-cyclic AMP. It has a role as an agonist, a vasodilator agent and a cardiotonic drug. It is a butyrate ester, a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide and a member of butanamides. It derives from a 3',5'-cyclic AMP. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is coumarin substituted by a methoxy group at position 7. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
it is a N-acylglycine that is glycine substituted on nitrogen with a phenylacetyl group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a monocarboxylic acid and a N-acylglycine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a dolichol phosphate. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a dolichol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
7, 8-Dehydro-3, 4-dihydro-beta-ionol, also known as it or fema 3446, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. 7, 8-Dehydro-3, 4-dihydro-beta-ionol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 7, 8-dehydro-3, 4-dihydro-beta-ionol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the 1-vinylcyclohexyl ester of carbamic acid. A short-acting sedative-hypnotic, it was formerly used to treat insomnia. It has a role as a sedative. It is a carbamate ester and a terminal acetylenic compound. 
Gentamicin is a parenterally administered, broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic typically used for moderate to severe gram negative infections. Despite its wide use, gentamicin has not been definitively linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is one of the major components of the gentamicin complex. it has a methyl group in the 6' position of the 2-amino-hexose ring and is N methylated at the same position. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyrazoles. Phenylpyrazoles are compounds containing a phenylpyrazole skeleton, which consists of a pyrazole bound to a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
2-Vinyl-4H-1, 3-dithiine, also known as it or 4H-1, 3-dithiin, 2-ethenyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dithiins. Dithiins are compounds comprising a dithiin ring, which is an unsaturated six-member heterocycle containing four carbon atoms, two sulfur atoms and two double bonds. 2-Vinyl-4H-1, 3-dithiine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-vinyl-4H-1, 3-dithiine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-vinyl-4H-1, 3-dithiine can be found in garlic, onion-family vegetables, and soft-necked garlic. This makes 2-vinyl-4H-1, 3-dithiine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Aqua regia appears as a yellow liquid with a pungent odor prepared by mixing nitric acid and hydrochloric acid, usually in a ratio of one part of nitric acid to three or four parts of hydrochloric acid. Fumes are irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and to tissue. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Slightly soluble in water. Noncombustible. Toxic by inhalation, ingestion, and skin absorption. Used as a fungicide and as a wood preservative. it is a itol that is phenol substituted by 5 chloro groups. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is an organochlorine pesticide, a member of pentachlorobenzenes, an aromatic fungicide and a itol. It derives from a pentachlorobenzene. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. 
it is the pamoate salt form of hydroxyzine, a synthetic piperazine histamine H1-receptor antagonist with anti-allergic, antispasmodic, sedative, anti-emetic and anti-anxiety properties. it blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilatation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In addition, it crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts on the histamine H1-receptors in the central nervous system. (NCI05) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is benzaldehyde substituted at the ortho-position with a nitro group. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of benzaldehydes. 
Hydrogencarbonate is the carbon oxoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from carbonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a carbonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a carbonate. 
Physcion 8-glucoside belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthraquinones. These are organic compounds containing either anthracene-9, 10-quinone, 1, 4-anthraquinone, or 1, 2-anthraquinone. Thus, physcion 8-glucoside is considered to be an aromatic polyketide lipid molecule. Physcion 8-glucoside exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, physcion 8-glucoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, physcion 8-glucoside can be found in green vegetables. This makes physcion 8-glucoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(13R,14S)-dihydroxy-(4Z,7Z,9E,11E,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid is a dihydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that is (4Z,7Z,9E,11E,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid in which the two hydroxy substituents are located at the 13R- and 14S-positions. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and a specialised pro-resolving mediator. It is a dihydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a (13R,14S)-dihydroxy-(4Z,7Z,9E,11E,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the removal of the proton from the carboxy group of meclofenamic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a meclofenamic acid. 
4-[2, 3-Diethyl-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)oxiran-2-yl]phenol, also known as diethylstilbestrol alpha, alpha'-epoxide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. 4-[2, 3-Diethyl-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)oxiran-2-yl]phenol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a ketone that is heptan-3-one substituted by a dimethylamino group at position 6 and two phenyl groups at position 4. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a tertiary amine, a ketone and a member of benzenes. It derives from a heptan-3-one. it is a synthetic opioid with analgesic activity. it mimics the actions of endogenous peptides at CNS opioid receptors, primarily on the mu-receptor and has actions similar to those of morphine and morphine-like agents. The characteristic morphine-like effects include analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia and physical dependence. However, the detoxification symptoms between morphine-like agents and it differ in that the onset of it's withdrawal symptoms is slower, the course is more prolonged and the symptoms are less severe. 
it is a pyridone that is pyridin-2(1H)-one which is substituted at positions 3, 4, and 6 by cyano, 3,5-bis(benzyloxy)phenyl, and 5-chloro-2-hydroxyphenyl groups, respectively. It is an inhibitor for Survivin-Ran protein complex. It has a role as an inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a survivin dimerisation modulator and an antimitotic. It is a hydroxynitrile, a pyridone, a member of phenols, a benzyl ether, an aromatic ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
All-cis-icosa-8,11,14-trienoic acid is an icosatrienoic acid having three cis double bonds at positions 8, 11 and 14. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a human metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a fatty acid 20:3 and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an all-cis-icosa-8,11,14-trienoate. 
it is a member of the class of 8,8'-bicoumarins that is kotanin in which the methoxy groups at the 7 and 7' positions are replaced by hydroxy groups. A fungal metabolite, its isolation from Aspergillus niger was first reported in 1979. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
LY 364947 is a member of the class of pyrazoles carrying pyridin-2-yl and quinolin-4-yl substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a TGFbeta receptor antagonist. It is a member of pyrazoles, a member of pyridines and a member of quinolines. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that is prop-1-ene substituted by carboxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 3. It is a conjugate acid of an aconitate(3-). 
1-Methylpyrrolo[1, 2-a]pyrazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolopyrazines. Pyrrolopyrazines are compounds containing a pyrrolopyrazine moiety, which consists of a pyrrole ring fused to a pyrazine. Pyrrole is 5-membered ring consisting of four carbon atoms and one nitrogen atom. Pyrazine is a 6-membered ring consisting of six carbon atoms and two nitrogen centers at ring positions 1 and 4. 1-Methylpyrrolo[1, 2-a]pyrazine is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-methylpyrrolo[1, 2-a]pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
2-Hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1, 4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoxazinones. These are organic compounds containing a benzene fused to an oxazine ring (a six-member aliphatic ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and one nitrogen atom) bearing a ketone group. 2-Hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1, 4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1, 4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1, 4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1, 4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one can be found in a number of food items such as fats and oils, cereals and cereal products, alcoholic beverages, and tea. This makes 2-hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1, 4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A quinolizidine alkaloid isolated from several FABACEAE including LUPINUS; SPARTIUM; and CYTISUS. It has been used as an oxytocic and an anti-arrhythmia agent. It has also been of interest as an indicator of CYP2D6 genotype. 
it is a polyatomic cation consisting of four phenyl groups attached to a central phosphonium. It is a polyatomic cation, a phosphorus molecular entity and a heteroorganic entity. It derives from a hydride of a phosphonium. 
it appears as a degradation product of heptachlor that occurs in soil and in or on crops when treatments with heptachlor, an insecticide, have been made. Forms readily upon exposing heptachlor to air. 
it is a member of the class of thiazolidinones that is 2-sulfanylidene-1,3-thiazolidin-4-one which is substituted at position 5 by a (4-ethylphenyl)methylidene group. It is a cell permeable inhibitor of c-Myc-Max dimerization and exhibits antitumour effects in vivo. It downregulates c-Myc expression and upregulates CDK inhibitors, p21 and p27 resulting in the inhibition of proliferation, induction of apoptosis and cell cycle arrest in G0/G1 phase. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a thiazolidinone and an olefinic compound. 
it is a linear amino trisaccharide consisting of alpha-L-fucose,N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosamine and N-acetyl-D-glucosamine residues joined in sequence by (1->3)- and (1->4)-linkages respectively. It has a role as an epitope. It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is a member of the class of triazolopyridazines that is 6-(1-methylpyrazol-4-yl)[1,2,4]triazolo[4,3-b]pyridazine-3-thiol in which the thiol hydrogen is replaced by a quinolin-6-yl group. It has a role as a c-Met tyrosine kinase inhibitor and a nephrotoxic agent. It is a member of quinolines, a triazolopyridazine, a member of pyrazoles, a biaryl and an aryl sulfide. 
it is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 24-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholane. 
it is the furanose form of D-fructose 1,6-bisphosphate. It derives from a D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, 6-methyltectochrysin is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 6-methyltectochrysin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 6-methyltectochrysin can be found in tea. This makes 6-methyltectochrysin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Potassium sodium L-tartrate is the organic sodium and potassium salt of L-tartaric acid (mol ratio 1:1:1). It has a role as a laxative. It is a potassium salt and an organic sodium salt. It contains a L-tartrate(2-). 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is lanost-8-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 25, a methylidene group at position 24 and an oxo group at position 7. Isolated from the whole plant of Silybum marianum, it exhibits inhibitory activity against chymotrypsin. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.4.21.1 (chymotrypsin) inhibitor. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. 
Pyridine-3-carbaldehyde oxime is an aldoxime obtained by the formal condensation of the aldehyde group of pyridine-3-carbaldehyde (nicotinaldehyde) with hydroxylamine. It is a member of pyridines and an aldoxime. It derives from a pyridine-3-carbaldehyde. 
it is a saturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-) that is palmitoyl-CoA in which the phosphate and diphosphate groups have been deprotonated to give the corresponding tetra-anion. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a saturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-), a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA(4-) and a 3-substituted propionyl-CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of a palmitoyl-CoA. 
Meclizine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of meclizine, a synthetic piperazine with anti-emetic, sedative and histamine H1 antagonistic properties. Meclizine hydrochloride blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial and gastrointestinal smooth muscles, including vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscles. Meclizine hydrochloride may exert its antiemetic effects by its anticholinergic actions or due to a direct effect on the medullary chemoreceptive trigger zone. 
it is a 19-membered macrocyle incorporating a benzoquinone ring and a lactam functionality. It is an ansamycin antibiotic that induces apoptosis and displays antitumour effects. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a Hsp90 inhibitor, a herbicide, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a lactam, a macrocycle and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. 
it is an oxaspiro compound that is spirost-5-en substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 17 (3beta,25R stereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, an oxaspiro compound, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a sapogenin and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a hydride of a spirostan. 
Ammonium sulfate urea is a mixture obtained by combining ammonium sulfate and urea. It has a role as a fertilizer. It contains an ammonium sulfate and a urea. 
Maltohexaose is a maltohexaose hexasaccharide in which the glucose residue at the reducing end is in the aldehydo open-chain form. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it is an aminopyrimidine that is pyrimidine-2,4-diamine in which the amino groups at positions 2 and 4 are substituted by 4-cyanophenyl and 4-[(E)-2-cyanovinyl]-2,6-dimethylphenyl groups respectively. Used for treatment of HIV. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. It is a nitrile and an aminopyrimidine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a second-generation non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. it is a diarylpyrimidine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as terpene lactones. These are prenol lipids containing a lactone ring. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a steroid ester that is the 16-acetyl derivative of gitoxigenin. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is a 14beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a steroid ester. It derives from a gitoxigenin. 
it is a C50 carotenoid that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of bacterioruberin, a red-coloured pigment found in several Halobacterium and Haloarcula species. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a C50 carotenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a triol. 
it is an organic cation that consists of 4,4'-bipyridine bearing two N-methyl substituents loctated at the 1- and 1'-positions. It has a role as a herbicide. It derives from a hydride of a 4,4'-bipyridine. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is 2-hydroxy-1-phenylethanone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and methoxy groups at positions 3 and 5. It is a phytoalexin isolated from the papaya fruit and exhibits antifungal activity. It has a role as a phytoalexin, an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. It is a dimethoxybenzene, a member of phenols, an aromatic ketone, a primary alcohol and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
Alpha-methylene gamma-butyrolactone is a butan-4-olide having a methylene group at the 3-position. It has a role as a gastrointestinal drug and an anti-ulcer drug. 
it (Combretastatin)has been shown in the laboratory to shut down the blood supply to tumours. It is one of the first vascular targeting drugs to be tested in patients. This drug was originally isolated from the African Bush Willow. The first studies in patients with this drug were aimed at finding out whether it can be safely given to patients, what side effects it produces and whether it can actually shut down the blood supply to human tumours. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid comprising pyruvic acid having a 4-bromophenylsulfanyl group attached at the 3-position. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid, an aryl sulfide and an organobromine compound. It derives from a pyruvic acid and a bromobenzene. It is a conjugate acid of a (4-bromophenylsulfanyl)pyruvate. 
it appears as a red or red-orange crystalline solid. May be strongly irritating to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used as a corrosion inhibitor, and in the manufacture of other chemicals. it is an inorganic sodium salt. It contains a dichromate(2-). it is an orange to red colored, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic chromium fumes upon heating. it is highly corrosive and is a strong oxidizing agent. This substance is mainly used to produce other chromium compounds, but is also used in drilling muds, in metal treatments, in wood preservatives, in the production of dyes and organic chemicals and as a corrosion inhibitor. it primarily affects the respiratory system causing ulcerations, shortness of breath, bronchitis, pneumonia and asthma but can also affect the gastrointestinal tract, liver, kidneys and immune system. This substance is a known human carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer and cancer of the sinonasal cavity. (NCI05) 
it is the acetate salt form of mafenide, a synthetic sulfonamide analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with topical anti-infective activity. it competes with PABA for the bacterial enzyme dihydropteroate synthase, thereby preventing the incorporation of PABA into dihydrofolic acid, thereby interferes with normal folic acid metabolism. As a result, de novo synthesis of pyrimidines, which requires folate metabolites, is impeded and subsequently DNA synthesis is affected. it is bacteriostatic against many gram-negative and gram-positive organisms, including Pseudomonas aeruginosa and certain strains of anaerobes. 
it is a potassium salt having clavulanate as the counterion. It acts as a suicide inhibitor of bacterial beta-lactamase enzymes and has only weak anitbiotic activity when administered alone. However it can be used in combination with amoxicillin trihydrate (under the trade name Augmentin) for treatment of a variety of bacterial infections, where it prevents antibiotic inactivation by microbial lactamases. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitor and an antimicrobial agent. It contains a clavulanate. it is a semi-synthetic beta-lactamase inhibitor isolated from streptomyces. Clavunalate potassium contains a beta-lactam ring and binds strongly to beta-lactamase at or near its active site. This protects other beta-lactam antibiotics from beta-lactamase catalysis. This drug is used in conjunction with beta-lactamase susceptible penicillins to treat infections caused by beta-lactamase producing organisms. 
it is a member of the class of cleistanthins that is cleistanthin A in which the 3,4-di-O-methyl-D-xylopyranosyl group is replaced by a beta-D-glucopyranosyl group. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist and a diuretic. It is a member of cleistanthins, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. 
Trabectedin is natural product derived from the Caribbean sea squirt which has antineoplastic activity and is used to treat soft tissue sarcoma. Trabectedin therapy is associated with a high rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during treatment and with occasional instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a limonoid found in Azadirachta indica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a delta-lactone, a cyclic terpene ketone, an enone, a member of furans, a limonoid, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, an acetate ester and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a triol that is butane carrying three hydroxy substituents at position 1, 2 and 4. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a butane. 
Peptidoglycan immunoadjuvant originally isolated from bacterial cell wall fragments; also acts as pyrogen and may cause arthritis; stimulates both humoral and cellular immunity. 
2, 4, 6-Trihydroxybenzoic acid, also known as phloroglucincarboxylic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxybenzoic acid derivatives. Hydroxybenzoic acid derivatives are compounds containing a hydroxybenzoic acid (or a derivative), which is a benzene ring bearing a carboxyl and a hydroxyl groups. 2, 4, 6-Trihydroxybenzoic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4, 6-trihydroxybenzoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 4, 6-trihydroxybenzoic acid can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes 2, 4, 6-trihydroxybenzoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of paroxetine. It is an antidepressant drug. It has a role as an antidepressant, an anxiolytic drug, a hepatotoxic agent, a P450 inhibitor and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. It contains a paroxetinium(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of paroxetine, a phenylpiperidine derivative and a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) with antidepressant and anxiolytic properties. Paroxetine binds to the pre-synaptic serotonin transporter complex resulting in negative allosteric modulation of the complex thereby blocking reuptake of serotonin by the pre-synaptic transporter. Inhibition of serotonin recycling enhances serotonergic function through serotonin accumulation in the synaptic cleft, resulting in long-term desensitization and downregulation of 5HT1 (serotonin) receptors and leading to symptomatic relief of depressive illness. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a 30-membered homodetic cyclic peptide comprising the sequence D-Phe-His-Leu-Leu-Arg-Glu-Val-Leu-Glu-Nle-Ala-Arg-Ala-Glu-Gln-Leu-Ala-Gln-Glu-Ala-His-Lys-Asn-Arg-Lys-Leu-Nle-Glu-Ile-Ile-NH2 cyclised by an amide bridge, formed by condensation of the side-chain carboxy group of the Glu residue at position 19 and the side-chain amino group of the Lys residue at position 22. It has a role as a corticotropin-releasing factor receptor antagonist and a neuroprotective agent. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide and a polypeptide. 
it is a myo-inositol monophosphate derivative that is 1D-myo-inositol substituted at position 1 by an sn-glycero-3-phospho group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a member of sn-glycerol 3-phosphates and a myo-inositol monophosphate derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-(sn-glycero-3-O-phosphonato)-1D-myo-inositol. 
it is a triazolo-benzodiazepine derivative with sedative, hypnotic, anxiolytic and anticonvulsant activities. it binds to the benzodiazepine binding site on the gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A receptor in the central nervous system (CNS). This leads to an increase in the opening of chloride channels, membrane hyperpolarization and increases the inhibitory effect of GABA on the CNS. 
(7R,14S)-dihydroxy-(4Z,8E,10E,12Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid is a dihydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that is (4Z,8E,10E,12Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid in which the two hydroxy substituents are located at the 7R- and 14S-positions. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a hepatoprotective agent and a specialised pro-resolving mediator. It is a dihydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It derives from an all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid. 
it, also known as passiedulin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyanogenic glycosides. These are glycosides in which the aglycone moiety contains a cyanide group it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (S)-2-hydroxy-2-phenylacetonitrile O-b-D-allopyranoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-2-hydroxy-2-phenylacetonitrile O-b-D-allopyranoside can be found in fruits. This makes (S)-2-hydroxy-2-phenylacetonitrile O-b-D-allopyranoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a polyfunctional, organophosphorus alkylating agent and a stable derivative of N,N',N''-triethylenephosphoramide (TEPA), with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it is converted into highly reactive ethylenimine groups, which covalently bind to nucleophilic groups in DNA and demonstrate a preference for the N7 position of guanine bases. This induces crosslinking of alkylated guanine bases in double-stranded DNA, interferes with both DNA replication and cell division, and results in both the induction of apoptosis and the inhibition of cell growth. 
it is a norlignan that is pentane-1,4-diene in which a hydrogen at position 1 and a hydrogen at position 3 are replaced by p-hydroxyphenyl groups. The isomer in which the 1,2-disubstituted double bond has Z configuration is known as nyasol; the corresponding E isomer is hinokiresinol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a norlignan, a polyphenol and an olefinic compound. 
it is the ester obtained by formal condensation of 4-butylaminobenzoic acid with nonaethylene glycol monomethyl ether. Structurally related to procaine and benzocaine, it has an anaesthetic effect on the stretch sensors in the lungs, and is used as a non-narcotic cough suppressant. It has a role as an antitussive and an anaesthetic. It is a benzoate ester, a substituted aniline and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a 4-(butylamino)benzoic acid and a nonaethylene glycol monomethyl ether. it is a synthetic butylamino-benzoate derivative related to tetracaine and a peripherally acting antitussive, nonnarcotic it reduces the cough reflex by anesthetizing and depressing mechanoreceptors in the respiratory passages, lungs, and pleura. It is recommended for cough relief in the common cold, bronchitis, pneumonia, and for chronic cough such as in asthma. (NCI04) 
it is a citrate(1-) that is the conjugate acid of 2-(carboxymethyl)-2-hydroxysuccinate. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(carboxymethyl)-2-hydroxysuccinate. It is a tautomer of a 3,4-dicarboxy-3-hydroxybutanoate. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavan that is isoflavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2' and 4' and methoxy groups at positions 5 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a methoxyisoflavan and a member of hydroxyisoflavans. It derives from an isoflavan. 
1H-Pyrrolo[2, 1-c][1, 4]thiazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 4-thiazines. These are organic compounds containing 1, 4-thiazine, a six-member ring with a nitrogen and a sulfur atoms in ring positions 1 and 4 respectively, as well as two double bonds. Within the cell, 1H-pyrrolo[2, 1-c][1, 4]thiazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an amino-nitrotoluene that is 4,6-dinitrotoluene substituted at position 2 by an amino group. It has a role as an explosive and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of iron trichloride. It has a role as an astringent and a Lewis acid. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and an iron coordination entity. It contains an iron trichloride. 
A nonclassical folic acid inhibitor through its inhibition of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. It is being tested for efficacy as an antineoplastic agent and as an antiparasitic agent against PNEUMOCYSTIS PNEUMONIA in AIDS patients. Myelosuppression is its dose-limiting toxic effect. 
2, 3-Butanedithiol, also known as 2, 3-dimercaptobutane or fema 3477, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 2, 3-Butanedithiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 3-butanedithiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 3-Butanedithiol has a beefy and meaty taste. 
it appears as a white to light yellow colored crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact with the material may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. May cause the acceleration of the burning of combustible materials. Prolonged exposure to heat or flames may result in an explosion. it is the inorganic nitrate salt of lithium. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It is an inorganic nitrate salt and a lithium salt. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as erythrinanes. These are erythrina alkaloids possessing either a 6-5-6-6-membered indoloisoquinoline core or a derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a phosphatidylethanolamine in which the phosphatidyl acyl group at C-1 and C-2 is stearoyl. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 1,2-distearoylphosphatidylethanolaminium. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a colorless oily liquid. It is insoluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It is combustible though it may take some effort to ignite. It is used in paints and plastics and as a reaction media for chemical reactions. it is a phthalate ester that is the diester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with two molecules of butan-1-ol. Although used extensively as a plasticiser, it is a ubiquitous environmental contaminant that poses a risk to humans. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a teratogenic agent, a plasticiser, a metabolite and an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor. It is a phthalate ester and a diester. It derives from a butan-1-ol. 
it is a clear colorless liquid. Denser than water. (NTP, 1992) it is a methanesulfonate ester resulting from the formal condensation of methanesulfonic acid with ethanol. It has a role as an alkylating agent, an antineoplastic agent, a carcinogenic agent, a genotoxin, a mutagen and a teratogenic agent. it is a sulfonoxyalkane with carcinogenic and teratogenic properties. it ethylates DNA, thereby damaging DNA and leading to genetic mutations, single-stranded breaks in DNA, and chromosomal aberrations. it may be used experimentally in biomedical research. (NCI04) 
it is a triglyceride obtained by formal acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by myristic (tetradecanoic) acid. It is a triglyceride and a tetradecanoate ester. 
it is a triterpenoid saponin that is hederagenin attached to a 2-O-(6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranosyl)-alpha-L-arabinopyranosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has been isolated from the stem bark of Kalopanax pictus. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin, a disaccharide derivative and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hederagenin. 
Cyanocob(III)alamin is a complex cob(III)alamin in which cobalt is positioned in the centre of a planar corrin tetrapyrrole ring and bound axially to a 5,6-dimethylbenzimidazole moiety and a cyano group. It is one of several forms of the vitamin known as vitamin B12. It has a role as a vitamin. It is an alkylcob(III)alamin and a member of cob(III)alamins. Cyanocobalamin is a cobalt-containing coordination compound generated by intestinal microbes, and a natural water-soluble vitamin of the B-complex family that must combine with Intrinsic Factor for absorption by the intestine. Cyanocobalamin is necessary for hematopoiesis, neural metabolism, DNA and RNA production, and carbohydrate, fat, and protein metabolism. B12 improves iron functions in the metabolic cycle and assists folic acid in choline synthesis. B12 metabolism is interconnected with that of folic acid. Vitamin B12 deficiency causes pernicious anemia, megaloblastic anemia, and neurologic lesions. 
it is an 8 amino acid peptide fragment of neurotensin. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it dizwitterion. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains an acetazolamide and an acetazolamide(1-). it is the sodium salt of acetazolamide, a nonbacteriostatic sulfonamide derivative with diuretic and anticonvulsant properties. Acetazolamide is a potent inhibitor of carbonic anhydrase that plays an important role in the control of fluid secretion. Inhibition of this enzyme in the kidney results in a reduction in the availability of hydrogen ions for active transport in the renal tubule lumen, thereby leading to increased bicarbonate and cation excretion, and increased urinary volume. Reduced bicarbonate level in circulation induces reduction of intraocular pressure via osmotic mechanism. The anticonvulsant activity of acetazolamide may contribute to inhibition of carbonic anhydrase in the CNS, which decreases carbon dioxide tension in the pulmonary alveoli, thus increasing arterial oxygen tension. 
it is a maltose phosphate having the phosphate group placed at the 6'-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a maltose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a sulfonamide that is a 3-methoxypyrazin-2-yl derivative of (E)-N-(4-(N-(4,6-dimethylpyrimidin-2-yl)sulfamoyl)phenyl)-3-(5-nitrothiophene-2-yl)acrylamide. it specifically blocks necrosis downstream of the activation of RIP3 (the receptor-interacting serine-threonine kinase 3), a key signalling molecule in the programmed necrosis (necroptosis) pathway. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyrazines and a member of thiophenes. 
it is an it with a monophosphate group at the 3'-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an it and a purine ribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it, also known as it or his-ala, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a benzothiadiazine consisting of a 3,4-dihydro-HH-1,2,4-benzothiadiazine bicyclic system dioxygenated on sulfur and carrying trifluoromethyl and aminosulfonyl groups at positions 6 and 7 respectively. A diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. It has a role as a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. It is a benzothiadiazine and a thiazide. it is an intermediate-acting benzothiadiazine sulfonamide derivative belonging to the class of the thiazide diuretics. 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is the O-ethyl-S,S-diphenyl ester of phosphorodithioic acid. Used to control a variety of fungal diseases on rice including blast, ear blight and stem rot. it is moderately toxic to mammals and fish but poses more of a risk to aquatic invertebrates. It has a role as a neurotoxin, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. 
Methylpentadiene appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a HETE having a (12S)-hydroxy group and (5Z)-, (8Z)-, (10E)- and (14Z)-double bonds. It has a role as an angiogenesis inducing agent and a human metabolite. It is a HETE and a (5Z,8Z,10E,14Z)-12-hydroxyicosatetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a 12(R)-HETE. 
it, also known as fema 3076 or lauric acid, p-tolyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-methylphenyl dodecanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, floral, and nutty taste. 
it, also known as benzyl isopentanoate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, benzyl 3-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, apple, and fruity taste. 
(2E)-hexenoic acid is the (E)-stereoisomer of hexenoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (2E)-hexenoate. 
it is a morphinane alkaloid that is 7,8-dihydromorphine 6-O-methyl ether in which positions 6 and 14 are joined by a -CH2CH2- bridge, one of the hydrogens of the N-methyl group is substituted by cyclopropyl, and a hydrogen at position 7 is substituted by a 2-hydroxy-3,3-dimethylbutan-2-yl group. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, a kappa-opioid receptor agonist and a delta-opioid receptor antagonist. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid. Used as an herbicide. (NIOSH, 2016) it is a member of the class of 1,2,4-triazines that is 1,2,4-triazin-5(4H)-one substituted by an amino group at position 4, tert-butyl group at position 6 and a methylsulfanyl group at position 3. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of 1,2,4-triazines, an organic sulfide and a cyclic ketone. 
it is an alkylating agent that bind to the DNA minor groove in a sequence-specific manner and form covalent adducts with adenines, resulting in the inhibition of DNA replication and induction of apoptosis. (NCI04) 
N6, N6, N6-Trimethyl-L-lysine, also known as epsilon-N-trimethyl-L-lysine or trimethyllysine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. N6, N6, N6-Trimethyl-L-lysine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. N6, N6, N6-Trimethyl-L-lysine has been found in human testicle tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, urine, and cerebrospinal fluid. Within the cell, N6, N6, N6-trimethyl-L-lysine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and endoplasmic reticulum. N6, N6, N6-Trimethyl-L-lysine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, N6, N6, N6-Trimethyl-L-lysine and S-adenosylhomocysteine can be biosynthesized from L-lysine and S-adenosylmethionine; which is mediated by the enzyme histone-lysine N-methyltransferase SETD7. In addition, N6, N6, N6-Trimethyl-L-lysine and oxoglutaric acid can be converted into 3-hydroxy-N6, N6, N6-trimethyl-L-lysine and succinic acid through its interaction with the enzyme trimethyllysine dioxygenase, mitochondrial. In humans, N6, N6, N6-trimethyl-L-lysine is involved in carnitine synthesis pathway. 
S-(2-Furanylmethyl) methanethioate, also known as it or fema 3158, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. S-(2-Furanylmethyl) methanethioate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-(2-furanylmethyl) methanethioate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. S-(2-Furanylmethyl) methanethioate has a butterscotch, coffee, and horseradish taste. 
it is a steroid acid, a monocarboxylic acid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a canrenoate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a third-generation synthetic 9-amino-anthracycline with antineoplastic activity. Amrubicin intercalates into DNA and inhibits the activity of topoisomerase II, resulting in inhibition of DNA replication, and RNA and protein synthesis, followed by cell growth inhibition and cell death. This agent has demonstrated a higher level of anti-tumor activity than conventional anthracycline drugs without exhibiting any indication of the cumulative cardiac toxicity common to this class of compounds. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is 2-aminoethanol bearing a phenyl substituent at the 1-position. The parent of the it class. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a phenylethanolaminium. 
it is an ortho-fused heteroarene that is a benzopyridine in which the N atom not directly attached to the benzene ring. It is a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent, an azaarene, an ortho-fused heteroarene and a member of its. 
A potent inhibitor of adenosine deaminase. The drug is effective in the treatment of many lymphoproliferative malignancies, particularly hairy-cell leukemia. It is also synergistic with some other antineoplastic agents and has immunosuppressive activity. it is a purine nucleotide analogue antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces antibioticus. Also known as 2'-it, it binds to and inhibits adenine deaminase (ADA), an enzyme essential to purine metabolism; ADA activity is greatest in cells of the lymphoid system with T-cells having higher activity than B-cells and T-cell malignancies higher ADA activity than B-cell malignancies. it inhibition of ADA appears to result in elevated intracellular levels of dATP which may block DNA synthesis through the inhibition of ribonucleotide reductase. This agent may also inhibit RNA synthesis and may selectively deplete CD26+ lymphocytes. (NCI04) 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Corrosive to tissue. Combustible, but may be difficult to ignite. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a trisaccharide derivative and a xylosylgalactoside. It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is a conjugate acid of a it betaine. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is (9beta)-24-methylene-9,19-cyclolanostane which carries a hydroxy group at position 3beta. It is isolated from several plant species including Euphorbia, Epidendrum, Psychotria and Sideritis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a 3beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Hodgkin Disease, Adult Erythroleukemia, Lymphoma, Non-Hodgkin, and Myelogenous Leukemia, Acute, among others. CHK1 Inhibitor MK-8776 is an agent targeting cell cycle checkpoint kinase 1 (Chk1) with potential radiosensitization and chemosensitization activities. Chk1 inhibitor MK-8776 specifically binds to and inhibits Chk1, which may result in tumor cells bypassing Chk1-dependent cell cycle arrest in the S and G2/M phases to undergo DNA repair prior to entry into mitosis; tumor cells may thus be sensitized to the DNA-damaging effects of ionizing radiation and alkylating chemotherapeutic agents. Chk1 is an ATP-dependent serine-threonine kinase that in response to DNA damage phosphorylates cdc25 phosphatases, resulting in inhibitory tyrosine phosphorylation of CDK-cyclin complexes and cell cycle arrest. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-chromene substituted by a methoxy group at position 7 and two methyl groups at position 2. It has a role as a member of precocenes and a plant metabolite. It is a member of chromenes and an aromatic ether. 
ite is an alpha-amino acid that is propanoic acid bearing an amino substituent at position 2 and a 1H-imidazol-4-yl group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid, a member of imidazoles, an aromatic amino acid and a polar amino acid. It contains a 1H-imidazol-4-ylmethyl group. It is a conjugate base of a itium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a itate(1-). 
it is a furancarboxylate that is the conjugate base of 2-furoic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-furoic acid. 
it, also known as span 20 or E493, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid isolated from Aglaia abbreviata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of oxolanes, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, an acetate ester and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
Flucycloxuron is a benzoylurea insecticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of phenylureas, a difluorobenzene and a member of cyclopropanes. It has a role as a mite growth regulator. 
(1S, 3R, 4R)-p-Menthane-1, 3-diol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (1S, 3R, 4R)-p-Menthane-1, 3-diol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1S, 3R, 4R)-p-menthane-1, 3-diol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1S, 3R, 4R)-p-menthane-1, 3-diol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (1S, 3R, 4R)-p-menthane-1, 3-diol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Senna (powdered) is a yellow-brown powder with a slight odor and taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of sennosides that is rel-(9R,9'R)-9,9',10,10'-tetrahydro-9,9'-bianthracene-2,2'-dicarboxylic acid which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 4', by beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy groups at positions 5 and 5', and by oxo groups at positions 10 and 10'. The exact stereochemisty at positions 9 and 9' is not known - it may be R,R (as shown) or S,S. It is a member of sennosides and an oxo dicarboxylic acid. 
Gadodiamide is a paramagnetic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA), with imaging activity upon magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). When placed in a magnetic field, gadodiamide generates a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons. This change in proton relaxation dynamics, iincreases the MRI signal intensity of tissues in which gadodiamide has accumulated; therefore, visualization of those tissues is enhanced. 
Pentagastrin, also known as peptavlon, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hybrid peptides. Hybrid peptides are compounds containing at least two different types of amino acids (alpha, beta, gamma, delta) linked to each other through a peptide bond. Pentagastrin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Pentagastrin has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, pentagastrin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a pteroic acid derivative arising from formal hydrogenation of the 7,8-double bond of pteroic acid. It derives from a pteroic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 7,8-it. 
it is the maleate salt of an indole ether quinazoline derivative with antineoplastic activities. Competing with adenosine triphosphate, cediranib binds to and inhibits all three vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR-1,-2,-3) tyrosine kinases, thereby blocking VEGF-signaling, angiogenesis, and tumor cell growth. 
it is a citrate salt obtained by combining equimolar amounts of tofacitinib and citric acid. Used to treat moderately to severely active Rheumatoid Arthritis. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antirheumatic drug. It contains a tofacitinib. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of carnitine. It has a role as an antilipemic drug, a water-soluble vitamin, a vitamin, a nutraceutical, a nootropic agent and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-carnitinium. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-carnitine. it is an amino acid derivative. it facilitates long-chain fatty acid entry into mitochondria, delivering substrate for oxidation and subsequent energy production. Fatty acids are utilized as an energy substrate in all tissues except the brain. (NCI04) 
it is a macrocyclic lactone derived from Streptomyces cyanogriseus with antiparasitic activity. Upon administration, it may bind to glutamate-gated chloride channels (GluCl), gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptors and/or ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporters expressed on nematode neurons and pharyngeal muscle cells. As a result, neurons or muscle cells remain at either hyperpolarization or depolarization state, thereby resulting in muscle paralysis. it reduces the motility and fertility of the parasite and its excretion of immunomodulatory proteins, and inhibits the release of microfilariae. 
Homoserine is an alpha-amino acid that is glycine substituted at the alpha-position by a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a homoserinate. 
Citral appears as a clear yellow colored liquid with a lemon-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. Citral is an enal that consists of octa-2,6-dienal bearing methyl substituents at positions 3 and 7. A mixture of the two geometric isomers geranial and neral, it is the major constituent (75-85%) of oil of lemon grass, the volatile oil of Cymbopogon citratus, or of C. flexuosus. It also occurs in oils of verbena, lemon, and orange. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, an insecticide, an EC 1.2.3.1 (aldehyde oxidase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It contains a geranial and a neral. 
Potassium 2-(4-carboxylatophenyl)-4,4,5,5-tetramethylimidazoline-1-oxyl-3-oxide is a potassium salt having 2-(4-carboxylatophenyl)-4,4,5,5-tetramethylimidazoline-1-oxyl-3-oxide as the counterion. It has a role as a radical scavenger and an apoptosis inhibitor. It is a potassium salt and an organic radical. It contains a carboxylato-PTIO. 
The World Health Organization declared smallpox, a contagious and sometimes fatal infectious disease, eradicated in 1980. However, there have been longstanding concerns that smallpox may be used as a bioweapon.  Also known as ST-246, it is the first approved drug for smallpox,.  it has been studied for the treatment of smallpox, monkeypox, orthopoxvirus, and orthopoxviral Disease. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved it (as TPOXX) on July 13, 2018 for the treatment of smallpox. it is an orally available small molecule with activity against orthopoxviruses. it is an inhibitor of viral p37 and blocks the ability of virus particles to be released from infected cells. 
it is an odorless white crystalline solid. Contact with skin may burn skin and eyes. When exposed to heat or flames it may emit toxic oxides of nitrogen. It is toxic by inhalation, skin contact, and/ or ingestion. It is used as a pesticide. it is a carbamate ester and a member of 1-benzofurans. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an avicide and a nematicide. 
it is a clear colorless viscous liquid with a pungent offensive odor of mercaptans. Used as a medicine and an antidote to the chemical warfare agent LEWISITE. it is a dithiol that is propane-1,2-dithiol in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. a chelating agent originally developed during World War II as an experimental antidote against the arsenic-based poison gas Lewisite, it has been used clinically since 1949 for the treatment of poisoning by arsenic, mercury and gold. It can also be used for treatment of poisoning by antimony, bismuth and possibly thallium, and (with sodium calcium edetate) in cases of acute leaad poisoning. Administration is by (painful) intramuscular injection of a suspension of it in peanut oil, typically every 4 hours for 2-10 days depending on the toxicity. In the past, it was also used for the treatment of Wilson's disease, a severely debilitating genetic disorder in which the body tends to retain copper, with resultant liver and brain injury. It has a role as a chelator. It is a dithiol and a primary alcohol. it is a metal chelating agent that is used as an antidote in arsenic, gold, lead, mercury and other heavy metal poisoning. Metals form ligands in the body with the sulfhydryl groups of the pyruvate-oxidase enzyme system. This leads to an inhibition of the normal functioning of these enzymes that are dependent on free sulfhydryl groups for their activity. it reverses the enzyme inhibition by chelating the metal and regenerates free sulfhydryl groups, thereby preventing and reversing the metals toxic effects. 
it is a member of kanamycins. It is a conjugate base of a it(4+). it is a minor component of the itomplex, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces kanamyceticus, with antibacterial activity. 
Indol-3-ylacetaldehyde oxime is an aldoxime resulting from the formal condensation of the aldehyde moiety of indol-3-ylacetaldehyde with hydroxylamine. It is a member of indoles and an aldoxime. 
it is a quinolone that is 4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline which is substituted at positions 1, 3, 6 and 7 by ethyl, carboxy, fluorine, and 4-methylpiperazin-1-yl groups, respectively. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor and an antibacterial drug. It is a quinolone, a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, a quinolone antibiotic, a fluoroquinolone antibiotic and a monocarboxylic acid. it is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic with broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity. it inhibits the activity of microbial DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. This disrupts DNA replication and prevents cell division. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion. It is a conjugate base of a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a malonate(2-). 
it is a mixture of the sulfate salts of basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. it forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
A quinuclidine and tetrahydroisoquinoline derivative and selective M3 MUSCARINIC ANTAGONIST. It is used as a UROLOGIC AGENT in the treatment of URINARY INCONTINENCE. 
it is a trimethylbenzoic acid in which the three methyl substituents are located at positions 2, 4 and 6. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,4,6-trimethylbenzoate. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water(37%). The primary hazard is the threat posed to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used to make other ammonium compounds, as a soldering flux, as a fertilizer, and for many other uses. it is an inorganic chloride having ammonium as the counterion. It is an inorganic chloride and an ammonium salt. it is a systemic and urinary acidifying salt. it helps maintain pH and exerts a mild diuretic effect. This acid forming salt also exerts an expectorant effect by irritating the mucous membranes and is used for alleviation of cough. 
it is the isomer of 7,8-diaminononanoic acid having (R)- and (S)- configurations at C-7 and C-8, respectively; an intermediate in the biosynthetic pathway of biotin. As biotin is made exclusively in plants and microorganisms, both the chemical structure and biosynthetic enzymes of DAPA are targets for the development of herbicides and antimicrobial drugs. It is a conjugate acid of a (7R,8S)-7,8-diammoniononanoate. 
it appears as a colorless gas having a faint ethereal odor. Shipped as a liquid confined under its own vapor pressure. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite. Both components are noncombustible. Can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Exposure of the closed container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 3-dehydro-4,6-dideoxy-D-glucose as the sugar component. It is a dTDP-sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a dTDP-D-glucose. 
it is a polyunsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of (6Z,9Z,12Z,15Z)-octadecatetraenoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an it. 
it appears as golden yellow needles or brown powder. Decomposes to a bluish-black color on standing. (NTP, 1992) it is the parent structure of the family of its, in which the oxo groups of the quinone moiety are at positions 1 and 2 of the naphthalene ring. It is a metabolite of naphthalene and is found in diesel exhaust particles. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and an aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist. It derives from a hydride of a naphthalene. 
it is a vitamin D that is 19-norcalcitriol carring an additional 3-hydroxypropyl substituent at position 2. A synthetic analogue of vitamin D, it exhibits anticancer properties. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a tetrol, an olefinic compound, a vitamin D and a seco-cholestane. 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is butan-2-ol which is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 4 by phenyl, 1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl and p-chlorophenyl groups, respectively. An inhibitor of brassinosteroid biosynthesis. It has a role as a brassinosteroid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a member of triazoles, a tertiary alcohol and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is an imidazoquinolinamine and Toll-like receptor (TLR) agonist with potential immune response modifying activity. it exerts its effect through the TLR signaling pathway by binding to and activating TLR7 and 8 mainly on dendritic cells, macrophages, and B-lymphocytes. This induces the nuclear translocation of the transcription activator NF-kB as well as activation of other transcription factors. This may lead to an increase in mRNA levels and subsequent production of cytokines, especially interferon-alpha (INF-a) and other cytokines, thereby enhancing T-helper 1 (Th1) immune responses. In addition, topical application of it appears to activate Langerhans' cells, leading to an enhanced activation of T-lymphocytes. Due to its immunostimulatory activity, this agent may potentially be useful as a vaccine adjuvant. 
3, 3-Dichloro-4-(dichloromethylene)-2, 5-pyrrolidinedione, also known as dc-dcm-P, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidine-2-ones. These are pyrrolidines which bear a C=O group at position 2 of the pyrrolidine ring. 3, 3-Dichloro-4-(dichloromethylene)-2, 5-pyrrolidinedione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 3-dichloro-4-(dichloromethylene)-2, 5-pyrrolidinedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a penicillanic acid ester that is the [(2,2-dimethylpropanoyl)oxy]methyl ester and prodrug of mecillinam. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antibacterial drug and a prodrug. It is a penicillanic acid ester, a penicillin and a pivaloyloxymethyl ester. It derives from a mecillinam. it is the pivoxil ester form of a semisynthetic, broad spectrum beta-lactam penicillin with antibacterial activity. Amdinocillin specifically binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding protein 2 (PBP 2) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
Arsenic Trioxide is a small-molecule arsenic compound with antineoplastic activity. The mechanism of action of arsenic trioxide is not completely understood. This agent causes damage to or degradation of the promyelocytic leukemia protein/retinoic acid receptor-alpha (PML/RARa) fusion protein; induces apoptosis in acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL) cells and in many other tumor cell types; promotes cell differentiation and suppresses cell proliferation in many different tumor cell types; and is pro-angiogenic. (NCI04) 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone obtained by formal hydrogenation across the 11,13-double bond of 8-deoxylactucin. Found in chicory It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an azulenofuran, a cyclic terpene ketone, an enone, a sesquiterpene lactone and a primary alcohol. It derives from a lactucin. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxybutyric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxybutyric acid. 
it, [liquid] appears as a yellow oily liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point below 200Â°F. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. it is a monoterpene that is octa-1,6-diene bearing methylene and methyl substituents at positions 3 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an anabolic agent, a fragrance, a flavouring agent and a volatile oil component. 
it is an iminium ion that is malachite green cation in which the hydrogen at the para- psition of the monosubstituted phenyl group is replaced by a dimethylamino group. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is pyrazine in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by an ethyl group. Found particularly in cereals and cereal products, it is present in baked or fried potato, bread, roasted peanuts, and cooked shrimp, as well as cocoa, coffee, and tea. It has a musty, nutty, buttery, peanut odor and a chocolate-peanut taste. It has a role as a fragrance, a flavouring agent and a Maillard reaction product. 
An anti-nematodal agent effective against the intestinal nematodes ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES (roundworm) and ENTEROBIUS VERMICULARIS (pinworm, threadworm). It produces a neuromuscular block leading to flaccid muscle paralysis in susceptible worms, which are then dislodged from the gut and expelled in feces. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Forms very flammable mixtures with combustible materials. Mixtures may be ignited by friction and may be explosive if the combustible material is finely divided. Contact with concentrated sulfuric acid solutions may cause fires or explosions. May spontaneously decompose and ignite when mixed with ammonium salt. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Used in explosives and pyrotechnics, in dyeing textiles, and to make other chlorates. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion resulting from the removal of two protons from the diphosphate group of N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosaminyl-1-diphospho-ditrans,polycis-undecaprenol. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosaminyl-1-diphospho-ditrans,polycis-undecaprenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fruit and green taste. 
it is an aralkylamino compound that is histamine bearing a methyl substituent at the alpha-position. It has a role as a H3-receptor agonist and an animal metabolite. It is an aralkylamino compound and a member of imidazoles. It derives from a histamine. 
it is an O-acyl-L-carnitine in which the acyl group is specified as oleoyl. It has a role as a human metabolite and a glycine transporter 2 inhibitor. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a thioxanthen-9-one compound having a methyl substituent at the 1-position and a 2-[(diethylamino)ethyl]amino substituent at the 4-position. Formerly used for the treatment of schistosomiasis. It is a prodrug, being metabolised to hycanthone. It has a role as a schistosomicide drug, an antineoplastic agent, a photosensitizing agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, a prodrug, an adjuvant and a mutagen. it is an orally available thioxanthone-based DNA intercalator and inhibitor of the DNA repair enzyme apurinic-apyrimidinic endonuclease 1 (APEX1 or APE1), with anti-schistosomal and potential antineoplastic activity. it intercalates DNA and interferes with the activity of topoisomerases I and II during replication and transcription, thereby inhibiting the synthesis of macromolecules. In addition, this agent specifically inhibits the endonuclease activity of APE1, without affecting its redox activity, resulting in un-repaired DNA strand breaks which may induce apoptosis. Therefore, it may sensitize tumor cells to radiation and chemotherapy. Furthermore, it inhibits autophagy through the disruption of lysosomal function. The multifunctional nuclease APE1 is a key component for DNA repair; its expression is often correlated with tumor cell resistance to radio- and chemotherapy. 
it is an unbranched fifteen-carbon alkene with one double bond between C-1 and C-2. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. 
it is a 1,3-thiazole that is thiazole substituted by a methyl group at position 4 and a 2-hydroxyethyl group at position 5. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and a member of 1,3-thiazoles. It derives from a 5-(2-hydroxyethyl)-1,3-thiazole. It derives from a hydride of a thiazole. 
it is the methyl ester of 5-aminolevulinic acid. A prodrug, it is metabolised to protoporphyrin IX, a photosensitizer, and is used in the photodynamic treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer (including basal cell carcinoma). Topical application (often as the hydrochloride salt) results in an accumulation of protoporphyrin IX in the skin lesions to which the cream has been applied. Subsequent illumination with red light results in the generation of toxic singlet oxygen that destroys cell membranes and thereby kills the tumour cells. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a photosensitizing agent, a prodrug and a dermatologic drug. It derives from a 5-aminolevulinic acid. 
(+)-Sesamin, also known as episesamin or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanoid lignans. These are lignans with a structure that contains either a tetrahydrofuran ring, a furan ring, or a furofuan ring system, that arises from the joining of the two phenylpropanoid units (+)-Sesamin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (+)-sesamin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (+)-sesamin can be found in a number of food items such as sesame, flaxseed, ucuhuba, and fats and oils. This makes (+)-sesamin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax species that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy group at position 3 has been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranoside, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a cardioprotective agent, a bone density conservation agent and a hepatoprotective agent. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a 20-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is a carboxamide that is 1,8-diaminooctane in which a hydrogen attached to each of the amino groups has been replaced by a dichloroacetyl group. Inhibitor of aldehyde dehydrogenase 1a2 (ALDH1a2). Inhibits the biosynthesis of retinoic acid from retinol in neonatal and adult murine testis. It down-regulates sex related genes in zebrafish. It has a role as an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor. It is an organochlorine compound and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a dichloroacetic acid and a 1,8-diaminooctane. 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax species that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 20 have been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranoside and beta-D-glucopyranosyl-(1->6)-beta-D-glucopyranoside respectively, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucoside, a disaccharide derivative, a ginsenoside and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is a tembetarine obtained by methylation of the tertiary amino function of (R)-reticuline. It derives from a (R)-reticuline. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-tembetarine. 
it is a quassinoid consisting of a heteropentacyclic skeleton containing a delta-lactone moiety which is substituted at the alpha-carbon by a 3-methylbutanoyloxy group. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a delta-lactone, a cyclic ether, an enoate ester, an enone, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a quassinoid, a triol, a methyl ester and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
Hexamethyl-p-rosaniline chloride is a green to dark green powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic chloride salt that is the monochloride salt of it cation. It has been used in creams for the topical treatment of bacterial and fungal infections, being effective against some Gram-positive bacteria (notably Staphylococcus species) and some pathogenic fungi (including Candida species) but use declined following reports of animal carcinogenicity. It has also been used for dying wood, silk, and paper, as well as a histological stain. It has a role as a histological dye, an antiseptic drug, an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent and an anthelminthic drug. It contains a it cation. it is a blue, aniline-derived dye with antifungal and antimitotic properties. it (GV) dissociates into positive (GV+) and negative ions (Cl-) that penetrate both gram-positive and gram-negative bacterial cells. The GV+ ions interact with negatively charged components of the bacterial cell wall including lipopolysaccharide, peptidoglycan and DNA. This agent is also a mutagen and mitotic poison. GV elicits a photodynamic action mediated by a free-radical mechanism. Furthermore, this agent dissipates the action potential on prokaryotic or eukaryotic membranes by inducing permeability, thereby leading to respiratory inhibition and subsequent cell death. 
it is a hydrobromide obtained by reaction of NAN 190 with one equivalent of hydrobromic acid. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. It contains a NAN 190(1+). 
4-hydroxyphenyl retinamide is a retinoid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of all-trans retinoic acid and the anilino group of 4-hydroxyaniline. Synthetic retinoid agonist. Antiproliferative, antioxidant and anticancer agent with a long half-life in vivo. Apoptotic effects appear to be mediated by a mechanism distinct from that of 'classical' retinoids. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an antioxidant. It is a retinoid and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an all-trans-retinoic acid. it is an orally-active synthetic phenylretinamide analogue of retinol (vitamin A) with potential antineoplastic and chemopreventive activities. it binds to and activates retinoic acid receptors (RARs), thereby inducing cell differentiation and apoptosis in some tumor cell types. This agent also inhibits tumor growth by modulating angiogenesis-associated growth factors and their receptors and exhibits retinoid receptor-independent apoptotic properties. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of aryltetrahydrofurans carrying two 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl substituents at positions 2 and 5 as well as two methyl groups at positions 3 and 4. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, a neuroprotective agent, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is an aryltetrahydrofuran, a dimethoxybenzene, a ring assembly and a lignan. 
it is an imidazole antifungal agent that is imidazole in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 2,4'-difluorotrityl group. A topical antifungal agent which displays potent broad-spectrum in vitro activity against dermatophytes, filamentous fungi and yeasts. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor. It is a member of imidazoles, a member of monofluorobenzenes and an imidazole antifungal drug. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of suberic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a it and a saturated dicarboxylic acid dianion(2-). It is a conjugate base of a suberic acid. 
Xi-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as secondary alcohols. Secondary alcohols are compounds containing a secondary alcohol functional group, with the general structure HOC(R)(R') (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). Xi-it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in cereals and cereal products, citrus, and fruits. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a tetritol phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a marine macrodiolide that is isolated from the sponge Mycale hentscheli and exhibits anticancer and antiviral properties It has a role as a marine metabolite, an antiviral agent, an antineoplastic agent and a eukaryotic initiation factor 4F inhibitor. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a tertiary amino compound, a primary amino compound, an olefinic compound and a macrodiolide. 
it appears as odorless or almost odorless dark green crystals with bronze luster or dark green crystalline powder. pH (1% solution in water) 3 to 4.5 . (NTP, 1992) Methylene Blue is a synthetic basic dye. Methylene blue stains to negatively charged cell components like nucleic acids; when administered in the lymphatic bed of a tumor during oncologic surgery, methylene blue may stain lymph nodes draining from the tumor, thereby aiding in the visual localization of tumor sentinel lymph nodes. When administered intravenously in low doses, this agent may convert methemoglobin to hemoglobin. 
it is a methoxyisoflavan that is (R)-isoflavan substituted by a methoxy group at position 5, hydroxy groups at positions 7, 2' and 4' and a prenyl group at position 6. It has been isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. It derives from a hydride of a (R)-isoflavan. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of elaidic acid; shown to exert detrimental effects on mitochondrial lipid composition and function. It is a conjugate base of an elaidic acid. 
it appears as a liquid. Extremely sensitive explosive if not properly desensitized with a phlegmatizer. Slightly soluble in alcohol and soluble in ether. Slightly toxic by ingestion. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire or from sudden shock. The primary hazard is the blast effect of an instantaneous explosion and not flying projectiles and fragments . Used as a rocket propellant. 
it is a 2',7'-bis-(2-carboxyethyl)carboxyfluorescein compound having a carboxy substituent in the 6-position. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It derives from a fluorescein. 
Proline is an alpha-amino acid that is pyrrolidine bearing a carboxy substituent at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid and a member of pyrrolidines. It is a conjugate base of a prolinium. It is a conjugate acid of a prolinate. Proline is a cyclic, nonessential amino acid (actually, an imino acid) in humans (synthesized from glutamic acid and other amino acids), Proline is a constituent of many proteins. Found in high concentrations in collagen, proline constitutes almost a third of the residues. Collagen is the main supportive protein of skin, tendons, bones, and connective tissue and promotes their health and healing. (NCI04) it is a racemic mixture of proline, an imino acid. Proline is found in cartilage and is important for maintaining youthful skin as well as repair of muscle, connective tissue and skin damage. It is also essential for the immune system and an essential component of collagen and is important for proper functioning of joints and tendons. Proline is important for the proper functioning of joints and tendons and helps maintain and strengthen heart muscles. 
it is a heat-labile and water-soluble essential vitamin, belonging to the vitamin B family, with antioxidant, erythropoietic, mood modulating, and glucose-regulating activities. it reacts with adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to form an active coenzyme, it pyrophosphate. it pyrophosphate is necessary for the actions of pyruvate dehydrogenase and alpha-ketoglutarate in carbohydrate metabolism and for the actions of transketolase, an enzyme that plays an important role in the pentose phosphate pathway. it plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and may inhibit the action of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. it may also protect against lead toxicity by inhibiting lead-induced lipid peroxidation. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is 6-hydroxyluteolin in which the phenolic hydogens at positions 4', 6 and 7 have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, a vasodilator agent, a calcium channel blocker, an anti-inflammatory agent, a P450 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a dihydroxyflavone, a trimethoxyflavone and a polyphenol. It derives from a 6-hydroxyluteolin. 
it is a urea that is the N-carbamoyl derivative of L-glutamic acid. An orphan drug used to treat a deficiency in the enzyme N-acetylglutamate synthase, which leads to acute hyperammonaemia. It has a role as an orphan drug and a carbamylphosphate synthetase I activator. It is a N-acyl-L-glutamic acid and a member of ureas. it is an orally active, synthetic structural analogue of N-acetylglutamate (NAG) and carbamoyl phosphate synthetase 1 (CPS 1) activator, with ammonia lowering activity. NAG, which is formed by the hepatic enzyme N-acetylglutamate synthase (NAGS), is an essential allosteric activator of the enzyme carbamoyl phosphate synthetase 1 (CPS 1). CPS 1 plays an essential role in the urea cycle and converts ammonia into urea. Upon oral administration, it can replace NAG in NAGS deficient patients and activates CPS 1, which prevents hyperammonaemia. 
it is a member of morpholines, a nitrile, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a doxorubicin. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May be mildly toxic by inhalation and ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an isoxazoline that is the ethyl ester of isoxadifen. It is used as a herbicide safener, especially in conjunction with the herbicides fenoxaprop-P-ethyl and iodosulfuron-methyl-sodium. It is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a herbicide safener and an agrochemical. It is an ethyl ester and an isoxazoline. It derives from an isoxadifen. 
Crude it is a yellow-gray granular solid with no odor. It is insoluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat posed to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Prolonged inhalation of the dust may result in metal fume fever with symptoms of chills, fever, muscular pain, nausea and vomiting. 
it is a Radioactive Diagnostic Agent. The mechanism of action of technetium tc-99m depreotide is as a Radiopharmaceutical Activity. 
A decapeptide bradykinin homolog cleaved from kininogen by kallikreins. It is a smooth-muscle stimulant and hypotensive agent that acts by vasodilatation. 
it, also known as it or fema 3866, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an aromatic, chocolate, and cocoa taste. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is a titanium metal complex, coordinated with asymmetric beta-diketonate ligands, with antineoplastic activity. Although the exact mechanism of action remains to be elucidated, it potentially binds either to macromolecules via coordinative covalent bonds, or via intercalation between nucleic acids strands by the aromatic ring of the beta-diketonate. In addition, this agent appears to cause cardiac arrhythmias and is toxic to the liver and kidneys at higher doses. The development of it was halted due to the rapid loss of its labile groups under physiological conditions. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamaldehydes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a cinnamlaldehyde moiety, consisting of a benzene and an aldehyde group to form 3-phenylprop-2-enal. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Tranylcypromine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of tranylcypromine, an orally bioavailable, nonselective, irreversible, non-hydrazine inhibitor of both monoamine oxidase (MAO) and lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1/BHC110), with antidepressant and anxiolytic activities, and potential antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, tranylcypromine exerts its antidepressant and anxiolytic effects through the inhibition of MAO, an enzyme that catalyzes the breakdown of the monoamine neurotransmitters serotonin, norepinephrine, epinephrine and dopamine. This increases the concentrations and activity of these neurotransmitters. Tranylcypromine exerts its antineoplastic effect through the inhibition of LSD1. Inhibition of LSD1 prevents the transcription of LSD1 target genes. LSD1, a flavin-dependent monoamine oxidoreductase and a histone demethylase, is upregulated in a variety of cancers and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. 
S-it is an orally bioavailable, non-steroidal estrogen naturally produced by the metabolism of the isoflavonoid daidzein by human intestinal microflora, with potential chemoprotective and estrogen receptor (ER) modulating activities. S-it preferentially binds to and activates the beta isoform of ER in certain target tissues, while having an antagonistic effect in other tissues. This modulates the expression of ER-responsive genes in a tissue-specific manner. This agent may increase bone mineral density, affect vasomotor symptoms, and may decrease the proliferation rate of susceptible cancer cells. In addition, this agent interferes with the activity of enzymes involved in steroid biosynthesis. S-it inhibits dihydrotestosterone (DHT) production and may inhibit the proliferation of androgen-driven prostate cancer. S-it is the biologically active enantiomer while R-it is essentially inactive and has a weak affinity for alpha-ER. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong odor. Flash point below 32Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a monocyclic heteroarene with a structure consisting of a 5-membered ring containing four carbons and one oxygen, with formula C4H4O. It is a toxic, flammable, low-boiling (31â„ƒ) colourless liquid. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a hepatotoxic agent and a Maillard reaction product. It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a member of its and a monocyclic heteroarene. it is a clear, colorless, flammable liquid cyclic ether with an ethereal odor. it is used as an intermediate in the production of tetrahydroit, pyrrole and thiophene. Inhalation exposure to this substance causes eye and skin irritation and central nervous system depression. it is mutagenic in animals and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
it is a cineole in which the 1,4-cineole skeleton is substituted at C-2 with a hydroxy group oriented exo (S configuration). It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. 
it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a benzoate ester in which 4-N-butylbenzoic acid and 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol have combined to form the ester bond; a local ester anaesthetic (ester caine) used for surface and spinal anaesthesia. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It is a benzoate ester and a tertiary amino compound. it is a benzoate ester with anesthetic properties. Upon administration, it reversibly binds voltage-gated sodium ion channels in neuronal cell membranes and inhibits sodium influx. This prevents the initiation and conduction of nerve impulses, and stabilizes neuronal membranes. This results in a loss of sensation, and thereby provides analgesia and anesthesia. 
it, also known as 2-phenylethyl caproate or fema 3221, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, phenethyl hexanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a sweet, banana, and floral tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, citrus, and fruits. This makes phenethyl hexanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an indolizidine alkaloid that is galanthan substituted by analpha-hydroxy group at position 1 and a methylenedioxy group across position 9 and 10. An alkaloid commonly found in the members of the family amaryllidaceae. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an indolizidine alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a galanthan. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloartanols and derivatives. These are steroids containing a cycloartanol moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3beta-24-methylenecycloartan-3-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless, oily liquid. Fumes irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Extremely dangerous to tissue; its burns may be followed by gangrene. Only shipped in cylinders. Under prolonged exposure to heat cylinders may violently rupture and rocket. Used to make other chemicals as well as a catalyst in the manufacture of other chemicals. 
it is a proanthocyanidin found in Cinnamomum cassia and Parameria laevigata. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 
it is a 14-membererd macrolide containing ten stereocentres carrying one epoxymethano, three hydroxy and five methyl substituents. It is the aglycone of the antibiotic oleandomycin. It is a macrolide, a cyclic ketone, a triol and a spiro-epoxide. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is styrene carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 4. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a styrene. 
it is the iminium ion derived from acid green 5 (the disodium salt). It is a conjugate acid of an acid green 5(2-). 
it is the citrate salt of sildenafil. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an EC 3.1.4.35 (3',5'-cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase) inhibitor. It contains a sildenafil. it is the citrate salt form of sildenafil, an orally bioavailable pyrazolopyrimidinone derivative structurally related to zaprinast, with vasodilating and potential anti-inflammatory activities. Upon oral administration, sildenafil selectively targets and inhibits cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP)-specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5), thereby inhibiting the PDE5-mediated degradation of cGMP found in smooth muscle and increasing cGMP availability. This results in prolonged smooth muscle relaxation in the corpus cavernosum of the penis, thereby causing vasodilation, blood engorgement and a prolonged penile erection. In the smooth muscle of the pulmonary vasculature, the increase in cGMP results in smooth muscle relaxation, vasodilation of the pulmonary vascular bed, relieving pulmonary hypertension and increasing blood flow in the lungs. In addition, sildenafil may reduce airway inflammation and mucus production. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 40:6 in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are octadecanoyl and (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoyl respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid and an all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid. 
4-O-Digalloyl-3, 5-di-O-galloylquinic acid, also known as 3, 5, 4, 4-tetragqa or 3, 5-g-4-digqa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone). 4-O-Digalloyl-3, 5-di-O-galloylquinic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-O-digalloyl-3, 5-di-O-galloylquinic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Ethylcholine labeled with fluorine F 18, a positron-emitting isotope. Fluorine F 18 fluoroethylcholine incorporates into tumor cells through an active, carrier-mediated transport mechanism for choline and then is phosphorylated intracellularly by choline kinase, yielding a phosphoryl derivative, and finally is integrated into cellular phospholipids, probably primarily into a phosphatidyl derivative; concentration of this agent in tumor cells as various fluorine F 18 fluoroethylcholine derivatives enables tumor imaging using positron emission tomography (PET). Choline kinase, the enzyme responsible for the phosphorylation of choline, is frequently up-regulated in human tumor cell lines. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthoquinones. Naphthoquinones are compounds containing a naphthohydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring linearly fused to a bezene-1, 4-dione (quinone). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid comprising tetradecanoic (myristic) acid substituted at position 13 by a methyl group. It is a long-chain fatty acid, a branched-chain saturated fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isopentadecanoate. 
it is a nitrazepam which is substituted at positions 1 by a methyl group. It is used as an anticonvulsant and as a hypnotic for the short-term management of insomnia. It has a role as a sedative, an antispasmodic drug, an anticonvulsant and a GABA modulator. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a nitrazepam. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it appears as odorless white liquid. May float or sink in water. (USCG, 1999) it is the diheptyl ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It is a phthalate ester and a diester. 
it is the straight-chain keto form of D-fructuronic acid. It derives from a keto-D-fructose. It is a conjugate acid of a keto-D-fructuronate. 
it is an organic cation which is an intermediate in the biosynthetic pathway leading to the synthesis of the monoterpenoid indole alkaloids, catharanthine and tabersonine. It is a methyl ester, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an acetate ester and an organic cation. 
it is a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17-oxo steroid, an androstanoid, a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is the sulfate salt form of tranylcypromine, an orally bioavailable, nonselective, irreversible, non-hydrazine inhibitor of both monoamine oxidase (MAO) and lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1/BHC110), with antidepressant and anxiolytic activities, and potential antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, tranylcypromine exerts its antidepressant and anxiolytic effects through the inhibition of MAO, an enzyme that catalyzes the breakdown of the monoamine neurotransmitters serotonin, norepinephrine, epinephrine and dopamine. This increases the concentrations and activity of these neurotransmitters. Tranylcypromine exerts its antineoplastic effect through the inhibition of LSD1. Inhibition of LSD1 prevents the transcription of LSD1 target genes. LSD1, a flavin-dependent monoamine oxidoreductase and a histone demethylase, is upregulated in a variety of cancers and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. 
2, 4-Diethylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. 2, 4-Diethylthiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4-diethylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 4-Diethylthiazole exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, 2, 4-diethylthiazole can be found in coffee and coffee products and mushrooms. This makes 2, 4-diethylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It reacts violently with water and may ignite upon contact with air. It is used to make other chemicals. 
it is a white to light-tan crystalline solid. Mp: 41Â° C, Density :1.49 g cm-3 at 25Â°C. Biocidal (toxic to all animal life in differing degrees) by its action as a cholinesterase inhibitor. Used as an insecticide. Degrades readily in the environment by hydrolysis and oxidation. it is a synthetic organic thiophosphate compound and organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a colorless or white to light tan crystalline solid with a mercaptan odor, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Streptomyces and Kitasatospora and has been shown to exhibit antimicrobial and antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of benzamides, a cyclodepsipeptide, a member of formamides and a member of phenols. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02271412 (Multiple Ascending Dose Study in Healthy Subjects to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of it). 
it appears as white crystalline powder with an odor of onions and a bitter taste. A saturated aqueous solution is neutral or slightly acidic. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a nitroarene that is fluorene substituted by a nitro group at position 2. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a mutagen. It derives from a fluorene. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
2, 3-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as its. its are compounds containing a it moiety, which is a thiophene derivative with only one double bond. Within the cell, 2, 3-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Powder or liquid forms available as drugs. Used in obstetrics and in the treatment of migraine headaches. (EPA, 1998) it is a peptide ergot alkaloid that is dihydroit in which a double bond replaces the single bond between positions 9 and 10. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a vasoconstrictor agent, a serotonergic agonist, an alpha-adrenergic agonist and a mycotoxin. it is a naturally occurring ergot alkaloid with vasoconstrictor and analgesic property. it selectively binds and activates serotonin (5-HT) 1D receptors located on intracranial blood vessels, including those on arterio-venous anastomoses, thereby resulting in vasoconstriction and reducing the blood flow in cerebral arteries that may lead to relieve of vascular headaches. This agent also selectively binds to alpha-adrenergic receptors, thereby stimulating vascular smooth muscle and causing vasoconstriction in both arteries and veins, which also contributes to the relief of headaches. Furthermore, the activation of 5-HT1D receptors on sensory nerve endings of the trigeminal system results in the inhibition of pro-inflammatory neuropeptide release. 
it is a chromenol that is a derivative of filicinic acid and is isolated from the stems and leaves of Hypericum drummondii. It has been found to exhibit antibacterial activity against Gram-positive bacteria Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus subtilis and the acid fast bacterium Mycobacterium smegmatis. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a chromenol, a methyl ketone, an enol, an enone and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a filicinic acid. 
it is a cephalosporin organic sodium salt having [(5-methyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)sulfanyl]methyl and (1H-tetrazol-1-ylacetyl)amino side-groups. It contains a cefazolin(1-). it is the sodium salt of cefazolin, a beta-lactam antibiotic and first-generation cephalosporin with bactericidal activity. Cefazolin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity, which results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and cell lysis. 
2-[4-methyl-5-oxo-4-(propan-2-yl)-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl]quinoline-3-carboxylic acid is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is quinoline-3-carboxylic acid which is substituted by a 4-methyl-5-oxo-4-(propan-2-yl)-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl group at position 2. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, an imidazolone and a monocarboxylic acid. 
Antimony potassium tartrate is a schistosomicide possibly useful against other parasites. It has irritant emetic properties and may cause lethal cardiac toxicity among other adverse effects. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid that is pentanoic acid carrying two oxo groups at positions 2 and 4. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and a beta-diketone. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of an acetylpyruvate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as butenolides. These are dihydrofurans with a carbonyl group at the C2 carbon atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a branched chain fatty acid with methyl branching at C-2, -4 and -6, and with a double bond at C-2. It is a branched-chain fatty acid, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a monounsaturated fatty acid. 
it is an anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces nogalater. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase I, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it appears as colorless crystals. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is N-methyl urea substituted by a methoxy group at position 1 and a 3,4-dichlorophenyl group at position 3. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of phenylureas. It derives from a N-methyl urea. 
Rifaximin is a nonabsorbable antibiotic that is used as treatment and prevention of travelersâ€™ diarrhea and, in higher doses, for prevention of hepatic encephalopathy in patients with advanced liver disease and to treat diarrhea in patients with irritable bowel syndrome. Rifaximin has minimal oral absorption and has not been implicated in causing liver test abnormalities or clinically apparent liver injury. Rifaximin is an orally administered, semi-synthetic, nonsystemic antibiotic derived from rifamycin SV with antibacterial activity. Rifaximin binds to the beta-subunit of bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, inhibiting bacterial RNA synthesis and bacterial cell growth. As rifaximin is not well absorbed, its antibacterial activity is largely localized to the gastrointestinal tract. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion taht is the dianion of glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate. 
it is an orally available mesylate salt form of the etexilate prodrug of dabigatran, a benzimidazole and direct thrombin inhibitor with anticoagulant activity. Upon administration, dabigatran etexilate is hydrolyzed by esterases and is converted into dabigatran. Dabigatran reversibly binds to and inhibits the activity of thrombin, a serine protease that converts fibrinogen into fibrin. This disrupts the coagulation cascade and inhibits the formation of blood clots. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside of beta-cyclocitral; the precursor of safranal. It is the compound most responsible for the bitter taste of saffron. It derives from a beta-cyclocitral. 
it is an extended flavonoid that consists of quercetin substituted by a 2-isopropenyldihydrofuran ring across positions 6 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone, a member of flavonols, an extended flavonoid and a furochromene. It derives from a quercetin. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is 3-hydroxybenzoic acid carrying an additional amino substitutent at position 4. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-amino-5-hydroxybenzoate. 
it is a glycine derivative having methyl and amidino groups attached to the nitrogen. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent, a nutraceutical, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of guanidines and a glycine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is an endogenous amino acid derivative produced by vertebrate animals and occurring primarily in muscle cells. it is important for energy storage; it is phosphorylated to it phosphate, which serves as a phosphate donor in the conversion of ADP to ATP and supplies energy necessary for muscle contraction. Dietary supplementation with it may improve muscle wasting associated with cancer and other chronic diseases. 
it is the L-enantiomer of allothreonine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a D-allothreonine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 4-(6-hydroxypyridin-3-yl)-4-oxobutyric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 4-(6-hydroxypyridin-3-yl)-4-oxobutyric acid. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 4,5-dihydroxy-3-(phenyldiazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid. It is used as the plasma stain in trichrome techniques. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a 4,5-dihydroxy-3-(phenyldiazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate. 
it is a it in which the oxygen atom is connected to two benzyl groups. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a tertiary alcohol that is cyclohexanol substituted at positions 1 and 2 by 3-methoxyphenyl and dimethylaminomethyl groups respectively. It is a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol and an aromatic ether. It derives from a cyclohexanol. 
it, also known as B-boswellate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a 3beta-sterol having double bonds in the 5- and 7-positions and a methylene group at position 24. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol and a Delta(5),Delta(7)-sterol. It derives from a 5alpha-ergostane. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Has two crystalline modifications, one melting at 12Â°C and the other at 46.5Â°C. it is an it derived from acetaldehyde. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a catecholamine that is 4-(3-aminobutyl)phenol in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 2-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)ethyl group. A beta1-adrenergic receptor agonist that has cardiac stimulant action without evoking vasoconstriction or tachycardia, it is used as the hydrochloride to increase the contractility of the heart in the management of acute heart failure. It has a role as a cardiotonic drug, a sympathomimetic agent and a beta-adrenergic agonist. It is a secondary amine and a catecholamine. it is a synthetic catecholamine with sympathomimetic activity. it is a direct-acting inotropic agent and an adrenergic agonist that stimulates primarily the beta-1 adrenoceptor, with lesser effect on beta-2 or alpha receptors. Via beta-1 adrenoceptor of the heart, this agent induces positive inotropic effect with minimal changes in chronotropic activities or systemic vascular resistance. it also causes vasodilation by stimulating beta-2 adrenergic receptors in blood vessels, augmented by reflex vasoconstriction resulting in increased cardiac output. 
it is the organic bromide salt that is the bromide salt of cetyltrimethylammonium; one of the components of the topical antiseptic cetrimide. It has a role as a surfactant and a detergent. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains a cetyltrimethylammonium ion. 
The prototypical analgesic used in the treatment of mild to moderate pain. It has anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties and acts as an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase which results in the inhibition of the biosynthesis of prostaglandins. Aspirin also inhibits platelet aggregation and is used in the prevention of arterial and venous thrombosis. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p5) 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is (E)-penta-2,4-dienoic acid substituted by a 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl group at position 5. It has been isolated from black pepper (Piper nigrum). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzodioxoles and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an (E)-penta-2,4-dienoic acid. 
it appears as odorless white crystals. Becomes anhydrous at 212Â°F. Aqueous solution is alkaline to litmus. (NTP, 1992) Disodium hydrogenarsenate heptahydrate is a hydrate that is the heptahydrate form of disodium hydrogen arsenate. It has a role as a poison. It contains a disodium hydrogenarsenate. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is picene which has been fully hydrogenated except for a double bond between the 4a and 5 positions and is substituted by methyl groups at the 4, 4, 6bbeta, 8abeta, 11, 11, 12balpha and 14bbeta positions, and by a hydroxy group at the 3beta position. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. 
it appears as a silvery, soft metal that turns grayish white on exposure to air. Used in metallurgy. it atom is an alkaline earth metal atom. It has a role as a macronutrient. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 20, and atomic weight 40.08. 
Rhamnacene is a dimethoxyflavone that is quercetin in which the hydroxy groups at the 3' and 7 positions have been replaced by methoxy groups. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a dimethoxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It derives from a quercetin. 
it is a sulfone that is dapsone in which both of the amino groups been acetylation. An antimicrobial drug, it also has antimalarial activity. It has a role as an antimicrobial drug and an antimalarial. It is a sulfone, a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and an anilide. It derives from a dapsone. 
it is 3-(Propan-2-ylamino)propane-1,2-diol in which the hydrogen of the primary hydroxy group is substituted by a 4-acetoxy-2,3,5-trimethylphenoxy group. A non-cardioselective beta-blocker, it is used to lower intra-ocular pressure in the management of open-angle glaucoma. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an anti-arrhythmia drug, an antihypertensive agent and an antiglaucoma drug. It is a propanolamine, an acetate ester, an aromatic ether and a secondary amino compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety with a ketone group at the C2 carbon atom (1-benzopyran-2-one). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a methanesulfonate salt obtained from pergolide by mixing eqimolar amount of pergolide and methanesulfonic acid. A dopamine D2 receptor agonist which also has D1 and D2 agonist properties, it is used in the management of Parkinson's disease, although it was withdrawn from the U.S. and Canadian markets in 2007 due to an increased risk of cardiac valve dysfunction. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug and a dopamine agonist. It contains a pergolide(1+). it is a semi-synthetic ergot derivative and a dopamine agonist with antiparkinson property. it binds to and activates dopamine receptor subtypes D1 and D2, resulting in prolactin secretion inhibition, transient increase in serum concentration of growth hormone, and decrease in serum concentration of luteinizing hormone. Direct stimulation of postsynaptic dopamine receptors in the nigrostriatal system, may account for this agent's antiparkinson activity. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate having guanine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate, a guanyl deoxyribonucleotide and a deoxyguanosine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a racemic mixture of liothyronine, a synthetic version of triiodothyronine (T3), the primary active thyroid hormone. Like endogenous T3, DL-liothyronine exerts its many metabolic effects through control of gene expression, thereby resulting in the production of proteins that are involved in normal metabolism, growth, and development. Other physiologic effects of liothyronine include promoting gluconeogenesis, increasing utilization and mobilization of glycogen stores, and elevating basal metabolic rate. 
2, 3, 4, 5-Tetrahydroxybenzoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ubiquinols. These are coenzyme Q derivatives containing a 5, 6-dimethoxy-3-methylbenzene-1, 4-diol moiety to which an isoprenyl group is attached at ring position 2(or 6). 2, 3, 4, 5-Tetrahydroxybenzoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 3, 4, 5-tetrahydroxybenzoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 12-methyltridecanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 14:0, a methyl-branched fatty acid anion and a long-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an isomyristic acid. 
(S)-3-Methylthiohexyl acetate, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group) (S)-3-Methylthiohexyl acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (S)-3-methylthiohexyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (S)-3-methylthiohexyl acetate can be found in fruits. This makes (S)-3-methylthiohexyl acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as white crystals or crystalline powder. Sublimes in vacuum. (NTP, 1992) it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid in which the two carboxy groups are separated by a single methylene group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a malonate(1-). 
it is a adenosine 5'-phosphate that is the 2'-O-methyl derivative of adenosine 5'-monophosphate. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid or transparent crystalline solid. The pure solid melts at 42.35Â°C and has a density of 1.834 g / cm3. Liquid is usually an 85% aqueous solution. Shipped as both a solid and liquid. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used in making fertilizers and detergents and in food processing. it is a phosphorus oxoacid that consists of one oxo and three hydroxy groups joined covalently to a central phosphorus atom. It has a role as a solvent, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a fertilizer. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrogenphosphate and a phosphate ion. it is a colorless, odorless phosphorus-containing inorganic acid. it is a sequestering agent which binds many divalent cations, including Fe++, Cu++, Ca++, and Mg++. it is used in dentistry and orthodontics as an etching solution, to clean and roughen the surfaces of teeth where dental appliances or fillings will be placed. In addition, it is a constituent in bone and teeth, and plays a role in many metabolic processes. 
Bedaquiline is a diarylquinoline antimycobacterial drug used in combination with other antituberculosis medications in the treatment of multidrug resistant tuberculosis. The addition of bedaquiline to antituberculosis drug regimens has been linked to an increased rate of transient serum liver test abnormalities during treatment and to several instances of clinically apparent liver injury. 
3-O-Methyl-a-methyldopamine, also known as 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyamphetamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as amphetamines and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing or derived from 1-phenylpropan-2-amine. 3-O-Methyl-a-methyldopamine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-O-Methyl-a-methyldopamine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 3-O-methyl-a-methyldopamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Guanosine-5', 3'-tetraphosphate, also known as tetraphosphate, guanosine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine ribonucleoside diphosphates. These are purine ribobucleotides with diphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety. Guanosine-5', 3'-tetraphosphate is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Pirarubicin is an analogue of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. Pirarubicin intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin and exhibits activity against some doxorubicin-resistant cell lines. (NCI04) 
it is a sulfonate-based alkylation agent with potential antineoplastic activity. it appears to alkylate DNA, thereby producing DNA crosslinks, resulting in cell cycle arrest. 
it is a quarternary ammonium salt whose basic unit comprises an ethyltrimethylammonium cation and an iodide anion. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an iodide salt. 
it, also known as N-formylglycinamide ribonucleotide or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glycinamide ribonucleotides. Glycinamide ribonucleotides are compounds in which the amide N atom of glycineamide is linked to the C-1 of a ribosyl (or deoxyribosyl) moiety. Nucleotides have a phosphate group linked to the C5 carbon of the ribose (or deoxyribose) moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Tetrahydrofolic acid and it can be biosynthesized from 10-formyltetrahydrofolate and glycineamideribotide; which is catalyzed by the enzyme trifunctional purine biosynthetic protein adenosine-3. In addition, it and L-glutamine can be converted into phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine and L-glutamic acid through the action of the enzyme phosphoribosylformylglycinamidine synthase. In humans, it is involved in the mercaptopurine action pathway, the thioguanine action pathway, the azathioprine action pathway, and the purine metabolism pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include xanthine dehydrogenase deficiency (xanthinuria), the gout or kelley-seegmiller syndrome pathway, adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency, and the mitochondrial dna depletion syndrome pathway. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as gram bean, cherry tomato, spinach, and elliott's blueberry. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an L-tyrosyl ester that is L-tyrosine in which the hydrogen of the carboxy group has been replaced by an ethyl group. It is an ethyl ester and a L-tyrosyl ester. 
Oxyacanthine, also known as N-methylsepeerine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lignans, neolignans and related compounds. These are plant products of low molecular weight formed primarily from oxidative coupling of two p-propylphenol moieties. They can also be described as micromolecules with two phenylpropanoid units coupled together. They can be attached in various manners, like C5-C5', C8-C8'. Most known natural lignans are oxidized at C9 and C9Â´ and, based upon the way in which oxygen is incorporated into the skeleton and on the cyclization patterns, a wide range of lignans of very different structural types can be formed. Oxyacanthine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, oxyacanthine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Oxyacanthine is a bitter tasting compound that can be found in fruits and tea. This makes oxyacanthine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group at position 4 of 4-[(2,4-dihydroxy-6-propylbenzoyl)oxy]-2-hydroxy-6-propylbenzoic acid with the carboxy group of 2,4-dihydroxy-6-pentylbenzoic acid (olivetolic acid). It is isolated from the endophytic fungi Cytonaema and acts as an inhibitor of human cytomegalovirus (hCMV) protease. It has a role as a metabolite, an antiviral agent and a protease inhibitor. It is a member of resorcinols, a benzoate ester and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from an olivetolic acid. 
it is a 1-ribosylimidazole that is 5-aminoimidazole in which the hydrogen at position 1 has been replaced by a beta-D-ribofuranosyl group. It is a 1-ribosylimidazole, a primary amino compound, a ribonucleoside and an aminoimidazole. It is a conjugate base of a 5-aminoimidazol-3-ium ribonucleoside. 
it is a 34 amino acid synthetic analog of human parathyroid hormone-related protein (PTHrP) (PTHrP(1-34) analog), with bone-growing and bone density conserving activities. Upon subcutaneous administration, it acts similar to PTHrP and targets, binds to and activates parathyroid hormone 1 (PTH1) receptor (PTH1R), a G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) expressed in osteoblasts and bone stromal cells. PTH1R activates the cyclic AMP (cAMP) signaling pathway and the bone anabolic signaling pathway, leading to bone growth, increased bone mineral density (BMD) and volume. This correlates with increased bone mass and strength and prevents or treats osteoporosis and decreases fractures. 
it is the acetic acid salt of cetrorelix. A gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist, it is used for treatment of infertility and of hormone-sensitive cancers of the prostate and breast. It has a role as a GnRH antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is an oligopeptide and an acetate salt. It contains a cetrorelix. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic produced by various Streptomyces species that is used to treat toxoplasmosis and various other infections of soft tissues. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. It is a macrolide, an ether, an aldehyde, a disaccharide derivative and a tertiary amino compound. Spiramycin is a macrolide originally discovered as product of Streptomyces ambofaciens, with antibacterial and antiparasitic activities. Although the specific mechanism of action has not been characterized, spiramycin likely inhibits protein synthesis by binding to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This agent also prevents placental transmission of toxoplasmosis presumably through a different mechanism, which has not yet been characterized. 
it is the stable isotope of sulfur with relative atomic mass 35.9670809. The least abundant (0.02 atom percent) isotope of naturally occurring sulfur. 
it (development name NBI-98854) has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Tourette Syndrome and Tardive Dyskinesia. In April, 2017, it was approved by the FDA (as it) as the first and only approved treatment for adults with Tardive Dyskinesia (TD). 
it is an 8-carbon, beta-hydroxy fatty acid which may be a marker for primary defects of beta-hydroxy fatty acid metabolism. Repeating unit of poly(it), a biopolymer used by numerous bacterial species as carbon and energy reserves. It is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It derives from an octanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxyoctanoate. 
it is an alicyclic ketone that is bicyclo[2.2.2]octane carrying two oxo groups located at positions 2 and 6. It is a beta-diketone, an alicyclic ketone and a bridged compound. 
it is a bromide salt consisting of two bromide ions and one pancuronium dication. It has a role as a muscle relaxant, a cholinergic antagonist and a nicotinic antagonist. It contains a pancuronium. it is the bromide salt form of pancuronium, a synthetic, long-acting ammonio steroid muscle relaxant with curarimimetic, some antimuscarinic and sympathomimetic effects. it competitively binds to the nicotinic receptor at the neuromuscular junction, thereby preventing acetylcholine binding and resulting in skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis, Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse, and Leukemia Lymphocytic Chronic B-Cell. it is an orally bioavailable, selective inhibitor of Bruton's agammaglobulinemia tyrosine kinase (BTK), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it targets and covalently binds to BTK, thereby preventing its activity. By irreversibly inhibiting BTK, administration of this agent may lead to an inhibition of B cell receptor (BCR) signaling and may inhibit cell proliferation of B-cell malignancies. BTK, a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase and member of the Tec family of kinases, plays an important role in B lymphocyte development, activation, signaling, proliferation and survival. 
it is a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 4 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a general anaesthetic, a GHB receptor agonist, a sedative and a neurotoxin. It is a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a hydroxybutyric acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate base of a 4-hydroxybutyrate. it is a naturally occurring short-chain fatty acid, and immediate precursor of gamma amino butyric acid (GABA) with neuromodulatory and anesthetic properties. 4-Hydroxybutyric Acid (GHB) is found in all human tissues, with the highest concentration in the brain. This agent stimulates the GHB receptor, and to a lesser extent GABA-B receptors. Although, the precise function and metabolic pathways of GHB are not fully understood, this agent easily crosses the blood-brain barrier, and affects the activities and levels of dopamine, acetylcholine, dynorphin and serotonin. The primary effect of GHB is central nervous system depression, thereby, its main usage is to induce anesthesia. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in potato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) protease complex comprised of non-structural protein 3 and 4A (NS3/NS4A), with activity against HCV genotype 1. Upon administration, simeprevir reversibly binds to the active center and binding site of the HCV NS3/NS4A protease and prevents NS3/NS4A protease-mediated polyprotein maturation. This disrupts both the processing of viral proteins and the formation of the viral replication complex, which inhibits viral replication in HCV genotype 1-infected host cells. NS3, a serine protease, is essential for the proteolytic cleavage of multiple sites within the HCV polyprotein and plays a key role during HCV ribonucleic acid (RNA) replication. NS4A is an activating factor for NS3. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family; HCV infection is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
it is an anhydrohexose obtained by formation of a ring across the 3 and 6 positions of alpha-L-galactopyranose. It has a role as a marine metabolite. It is an anhydrohexose and a bridged compound. It derives from an alpha-L-galactose. 
Acetaldehyde oxime appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Has two crystalline modifications, one melting at 12Â°C and the other at 46.5Â°C. 
Ammonia-(13)N is a (13)N-modified compound that is ammonia that has a (13)N isotope as the nitrogen atom. (13)N decays with a half-life of ten minutes to (13)C, emitting a positron. Used in diagnostic Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. it is a radiopharmaceutical composed of ammonia labeled with the radioisotope nitrogen N 13 that can be used, during positron emission tomography (PET), as a blood flow imaging agent and potentially as a tumor imaging agent. Upon intravenous administration, it distributes to various organs in the body, such as the myocardium, liver, kidneys and brain. This agent is taken up by cells and is retained following conversion to glutamine N 13 by glutamine synthetase (GS). Upon PET, organ perfusion and the presence of cancer cells can be assessed. GS, an enzyme that catalyzes the synthesis of glutamine from glutamate and ammonia, is overexpressed in a variety of cancers and plays a key role in cancer cell proliferation. 
it is a benzoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of benzoic acid with the hydroxy group of metronidazole. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent, an antiparasitic agent, an antitrichomonal drug and a prodrug. It derives from a metronidazole and a benzoic acid. it is the benzoate ester of metronidazole, a synthetic nitroimidazole derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activities. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of one of the phosphate OH groups in diphosphoric acid. It is a diphosphate ion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a diphosphoric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a diphosphate(2-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of RSV Infection, Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections. it is an orally available inhibitor of human respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) fusion protein (F protein), with potential antiviral activity. Upon oral administration of GS-5806, this agent specifically binds to F protein on the viral surface, which inhibits RSV F protein-mediated fusion with the host cell membrane and prevents viral entry. This blocks RSV replication, reduces viral load, and decreases the severity of the disease. RSV F protein, a viral surface glycoprotein, plays a key role in RSV fusion with and entry into target cells. 
it is a member of phenols. It derives from a glyoxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxyphenylglyoxylate. 
Ginsenoside b2 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Ginsenoside b2 exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ginsenoside B2 is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, ginsenoside B2 can be found in tea. This makes ginsenoside B2 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is azobenzene substituted at each of the phenyl 4-positions by an amino group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a primary arylamine and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from an azobenzene. 
Molybdenum, also known as Mo, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as homogeneous transition metal compounds. These are inorganic compounds containing only metal atoms, with the largest atom being a transition metal atom. Molybdenum has been found in human brain tissue, and has also been primarily detected in saliva, urine, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. Within the cell, molybdenum is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. In humans, molybdenum is involved in the sulfate/sulfite metabolism pathway. Molybdenum is also involved in the metabolic disorder called sulfite oxidase deficiency. Molybdenum is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a semisynthetic water-soluble derivative of the antineoplastic antibiotic duocarmycin B2. Activated by carboxyl esterase, it alkylates DNA by binding to adenine-thymine (A-T)-rich sequences in the minor groove of DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and inducing apoptosis. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-threonine, L-proline, and L-tyrosine joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-threonine, a L-proline and a L-tyrosine. 
it is a novel, highly selective vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor indicated for the management of chorea associated with Huntingtonâ€™s disease. It is a hexahydro-dimethoxybenzoquinolizine derivative and a deuterated [DB04844]. The presence of deuterium in it increases the half-lives of the active metabolite and prolongs their pharmacological activity by attenuating CYP2D6 metabolism of the compound. This allows less frequent dosing and a lower daily dose with improvement in tolerability. Decreased plasma fluctuations of it due to attenuated metabolism may explain a lower incidence of adverse reactions associated with it. it is a racemic mixture containing  RR-it and SS-it.   Huntington's disease (HD) is a hereditary, progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by motor dysfunction, cognitive decline, and neuropsychiatric disturbances that interfere with daily functioning and significantly reduce the quality of life. The most prominent physical symptom of HD that may increase the risk of injury is chorea, which is an involuntary, sudden movement that can affect any muscle and flow randomly across body regions. Psychomotor symptoms of HD, such as chorea, are related to hyperactive dopaminergic neurotransmission. it depletes the levels of presynaptic dopamine by blocking VMAT2, which is responsible for the uptake of dopamine into synaptic vesicles in monoaminergic neurons and exocytotic release. As with other agents for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, it is a drug to alleviate the motor symptoms of HD and is not proposed to halt the progression of the disease. In clinical trials of patients with HD, 12 weeks of treatment of it resulted in overall improvement in mean total maximal chorea scores and motor signs than placebo. It was approved by FDA in April 2017 and is marketed under the trade name it as oral tablets. 
4, 5-Dimethyl-2-propyloxazole, also known as 2-N-propyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 4, 5-Dimethyl-2-propyloxazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). 4, 5-Dimethyl-2-propyloxazole is a burnt and roasted tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 4, 5-dimethyl-2-propyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Irritates skin and eyes. Slightly soluble in water and neutrally buoyant in water. Decomposes with emission of toxic oxides of nitrogen at high temperatures. Used in making dyes. it is an aminotoluene that is para-toluidine with an additional amino group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a p-toluidine. 
it is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, an androstanoid, an organochlorine compound, a steroid acid ester and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It has a role as an antilipemic drug. 
it, also known as g-diosphenol or pseudodiosphenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-prenylated flavones. These are flavones that features a C5-isoprenoid substituent at the 6-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the N-acetyl derivative of beta-alanine. It is a N-acetyl-amino acid and a beta-alanine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-beta-alaninate. 
it is a cholestanoid that is 5alpha-cholesta-8,14-dien-3beta-ol bearing two additional methyl substituents at position 4. It is a 3beta-sterol, a cholestanoid and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid having a tetrahydroisoquinoline core with 3,4-dihydroxybenzyl, methoxy and hydroxy groups at the 1-, 6- and 7-positions respectively; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. It derives from a coclaurine. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-3'-hydroxy-N-methylcoclaurinium(1+). 
An active neurotoxic metabolite of 1-METHYL-4-PHENYL-1,2,3,6-TETRAHYDROPYRIDINE. The compound reduces dopamine levels, inhibits the biosynthesis of catecholamines, depletes cardiac norepinephrine and inactivates tyrosine hydroxylase. These and other toxic effects lead to cessation of oxidative phosphorylation, ATP depletion, and cell death. The compound, which is related to PARAQUAT, has also been used as an herbicide. 
it is a member of the class of indazoles that is 1H-indazole that is substituted at positions 1 and 3 by 2,4-dichlorobenzyl and carboxy groups, respectively. It has a role as an antispermatogenic agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of indazoles, a dichlorobenzene and a monocarboxylic acid. it is an indazole carboxylic acid derivative that exhibits radiosensitizing and antiparasitic effects and interferes with the multidrug resistance mechanism. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-threonine and L-serine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-threonine and a L-serine. 
it is a 9,11,15-octadecatrienoic acid in which the configuration of the double bonds at positions 9 and 15 is Z, while that of the double bond at position 11 is E. 
it is a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid in which the eudesmane skeleton carries a hydroxy substituent at C-11 and has a double bond between C-4 and C-5. It has a role as a volatile oil component. 
Gadodiamide is a paramagnetic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA), with imaging activity upon magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). When placed in a magnetic field, gadodiamide generates a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons. This change in proton relaxation dynamics, iincreases the MRI signal intensity of tissues in which gadodiamide has accumulated; therefore, visualization of those tissues is enhanced. 
An organochlorine insecticide whose use has been cancelled or suspended in the United States. It has been used to control locusts, tropical disease vectors, in termite control by direct soil injection, and non-food seed and plant treatment. (From HSDB) 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is calcein in which all four carboxy group hydrogens have been substituted by (acetyloxy)methoxy groups and the hyrodgens of the two hydroxy groups have been substituted by acetyl groups. It is a a non-fluorescent probe cleaved to a fluorescent probe by non-specific intracellular esterases. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an acetate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a gamma-lactone, an oxaspiro compound, a member of 2-benzofurans and a xanthene dye. It derives from a calcein. 
it is a sulfone that is diphenyl sulfone in which both of the para hydrogens have been replaced by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a metabolite and an endocrine disruptor. It is a sulfone and a bisphenol. It derives from a diphenyl sulfone. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, HIV Infection, Desmoid Tumors, Advanced Solid Tumors, and Aggressive Fibromatosis, among others. it is a selective gamma secretase (GS) inhibitor with potential antitumor activity. it binds to GS, blocking proteolytic activation of Notch receptors; Notch signaling pathway inhibition may follow, which may result in the induction of apoptosis in tumor cells that overexpress Notch. The integral membrane protein GS is a multi-subunit protease complex that cleaves single-pass transmembrane proteins, such as Notch receptors, at residues within their transmembrane domains. Overexpression of the Notch signaling pathway has been correlated with increased tumor cell growth and survival. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of ritodrine, a phenethylamine derivative with tocolytic activity. it binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors of myocytes in the uterine myometrium, which results in decreased intensity and frequency of uterine contraction. Specifically, ritodrine hydrochloride probably activates adenyl cyclase, thereby increasing production of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP), which in turn enhancing the efflux of calcium from vascular smooth muscle cells. A lack of intracellular calcium prevents uterine myometrial contraction. In addition, this agent may directly inactivate myosin light chain kinase, a critical enzyme necessary for the initiation of muscle contractions. Ritodrine is a phenethylamine derivative with tocolytic activity. Ritodrine binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors of myometrial cells in the uterus, which decreases the intensity and frequency of uterine contractions. Specifically, ritodrine probably activates adenyl cyclase, thereby increasing production of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP), which in turn enhances the efflux of calcium from vascular smooth muscle cells. A lack of intracellular calcium prevents uterine myometrial contractions. In addition, this agent may directly inactivate myosin light chain kinase, a critical enzyme necessary for the initiation of muscle contractions. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of of azelaic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and an azelaate. It is a conjugate base of a nonanedioic acid. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the purine nucleosides and analogues. These are compounds comprising a purine base attached to a sugar. 
it is a simplest member of the class of chromene in which the heterocyclic pyran ring has a double bond between positions 3 and 4. It is a chromene and an organic heterobicyclic compound. It is a tautomer of a 4H-chromene. 
Acidic phospholipids composed of two molecules of phosphatidic acid covalently linked to a molecule of glycerol. They occur primarily in mitochondrial inner membranes and in bacterial plasma membranes. They are the main antigenic components of the Wassermann-type antigen that is used in nontreponemal SYPHILIS SERODIAGNOSIS. 
Thebacon is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
2-Benzyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane, also known as acido tiaprofenico or fema 2875, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 2-Benzyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-benzyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Benzyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane has a sweet, earthy, and floral taste. 
2-propanolamine appears as a colorless to pale yellow liquid with a fishy odor. Moderately toxic by ingestion and skin contact. A severe skin irritant. Combustible. The compound contains both the amine group -NH2 and the alcohol group -OH and so has some properties of both. Floats and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) 
Luteolin 7-O-beta-D-glucoside is a glycosyloxyflavone that is luteolin substituted by a beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a glycosyloxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a luteolin. It is a conjugate acid of a luteolin 7-O-beta-D-glucoside(1-). 
(R,R)-it is a 2-[(dimethylamino)methyl]-1-(3-methoxyphenyl)cyclohexanol in which both stereocentres have R-configuration; the (R,R)-enantiomer of the racemic opioid analgesic it, it exhibits ten-fold higher analgesic potency than the (S,S)-enantiomer. It has a role as a delta-opioid receptor agonist, a kappa-opioid receptor agonist, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an antitussive, a capsaicin receptor antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist, a nicotinic antagonist, a NMDA receptor antagonist, an opioid analgesic, a serotonergic antagonist, a serotonin uptake inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R,R)-it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (S,S)-it. it is a synthetic codeine analogue, it has central analgesic properties with effects similar to opioids, such as morphine and codeine, acting on specific opioid receptors. Used as a narcotic analgesic for severe pain, it can be addictive and weakly inhibits norepinephrine and serotonin reuptake. (NCI04) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02348918 (Phase 2 Randomized Clinical Trial of LuminateÂ® as Compared to AvastinÂ® in the Treatment of Diabetic Macular Edema). 
Colchicine appears as odorless or nearly odorless pale yellow needles or powder that darkens on exposure to light. Used to treat gouty arthritis, pseudogout, sarcoidal arthritis and calcific tendinitis. (EPA, 1998) Colchicine is an alkaloid that is a carbotricyclic compound comprising 5,6,7,9-tetrahydrobenzo[a]heptalene having four methoxy substituents at the 1-, 2-, 3- and 10-positions as well as an oxo group at the 9-position and an acetamido group at the 7-position. It has been isolated from the plants belonging to genus Colchicum. It has a role as a microtubule-destabilising agent and a plant metabolite. It is a carbotricyclic compound, an alkaloid, an aromatic ether and a member of acetamides. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-tyrosine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-tyrosine. 
it is a novel, orally active anti-inflammatory agent that targets a chemokine receptor protein implicated in both Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, the two principal forms of IBD. It is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01611805 (Japanese Phase I of GSK1605786). 
it is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid that is the 17alpha-hydroxy derivative of progesterone. It has a role as a metabolite, a progestin, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy-C21-steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a progesterone. it is a physiological progestin that is produced during glucocorticoid and steroid hormone synthesis and is increased during the third trimester of pregnancy. it binds to the cytoplasmic progesterone receptors in the reproductive system and subsequently activates progesterone receptor mediated gene expression. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of it. A vitamin-like, C8 thia fatty acid with anti-oxidant properties. It has a role as a prosthetic group, a nutraceutical and a cofactor. It is a it, a member of dithiolanes, a heterocyclic fatty acid and a thia fatty acid. It derives from an octanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-lipoate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-it. 
it is an optically active form of malate having (R)-configuration. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-malic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-malate(2-). 
Barbinine is a diterpene alkaloid that is a phytotoxin produced by several Delphinium species. It has a role as a phytotoxin. It is a pyrrolidinone, a dicarboximide, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, an ether, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a benzoate ester. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
it appears as a yellow-white to yellow granular solid. Mixtures with combustible material are readily ignited by friction, heat, or contact with moisture. May vigorously decompose under prolonged exposure to heat, causing the rupture of the containers. 
it is an it. It is a conjugate acid of a D-arabinonate. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it is a yellow to light-orange crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a it in which all four exocyclic double bonds have E- (trans-) geometry. It has a role as a keratolytic drug, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, a signalling molecule, a retinoid X receptor agonist, an anti-inflammatory agent, an AP-1 antagonist, a it receptor agonist and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an all-trans-retinoate. it is a naturally-occurring acid of retinol. it binds to and activates it receptors (RARs), thereby inducing changes in gene expression that lead to cell differentiation, decreased cell proliferation, and inhibition of tumorigenesis. This agent also inhibits telomerase, resulting in telomere shortening and eventual apoptosis of some tumor cell types. The oral form of it has teratogenic and embryotoxic properties. 
Methomyl is a white crystalline solid with slight sulfurous smell. Used as a nematocide, and an insecticide on vegetables, tobacco, cotton, alfalfa, soy beans, and corn. (EPA, 1998) Methomyl is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of methylcarbamic acid with the hydroxy group of 1-(methylsulfanyl)acetaldoxime. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, a nematicide, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an insecticide and an agrochemical. It is a carbamate ester and an aliphatic sulfide. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 1-(methylsulfanyl)acetaldoxime. 
Carbon C-14 is an unstable isotope of carbon created when a neutron collides with a nitrogen atom, causing capture of the neutron and release of the proton converting nitrogen to a carbon with fourteen nucleons (6 protons and 8 neutrons). it emits beta particles as it decays and reverts back to nitrogen. 
it is a naphthoate that is the conjugate base of 1-naphthoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 1-naphthoic acid. 
it is a phosphorodiamide that consists of 2-amino-1,3,2-oxazaphosphinan-4-ol 2-oxide having two 2-chloroethyl groups attached to the exocyclic nitrogen. It has a role as an alkylating agent and a metabolite. It is a nitrogen mustard, an organochlorine compound and a phosphorodiamide. 
(R)-Dihydrocitronellol, also known as 3, 7-dimethyl-1-octanol or tetrahydro-geraniol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, (R)-dihydrocitronellol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule (R)-Dihydrocitronellol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule (R)-Dihydrocitronellol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (R)-dihydrocitronellol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm (R)-Dihydrocitronellol is an aldehydic, bitter, and citrus tasting compound that can be found in lemon. This makes (R)-dihydrocitronellol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a Lincosamide Antibacterial. The physiologic effect of clindamycin is by means of Decreased Sebaceous Gland Activity. The chemical classification of clindamycin is Lincosamides. it is a semisynthetic broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of the parent compound lincomycin. it dissociates peptidyl-tRNA from the bacterial ribosome, thereby disrupting bacterial protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is an organic sodium salt having 3-[(ethyl{4-[(4-{ethyl[(3-sulfonatophenyl)methyl]amino}phenyl)(4-sulfonatophenyl)methylidene]cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene}azaniumyl)methyl]benzene-1-sulfonate as the counterion. It is the standard dye in North American for staining collagen and is also used extensively in plant histology. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains an acid green 5(2-). 
it, also known as (3-cyanopropyl)thiirane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiiranes. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated three-member ring with two carbon atoms and one sulfur atom. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
3-(5-fluorouracil-1-yl)-L-alanine is an alanine derivative that is L-alanine bearing a 5-fluorouracil-1-yl substituent at position 3. A more potent and selective AMPA receptor agonist (at hGluR1 and hGluR2) than AMPA itself (Ki = 14.7, 25.1, and 1820 nM for hGluR1, hGluR2 and hGluR5 respectively). It has a role as an AMPA receptor agonist. It is an organofluorine compound, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-alanine derivative. It derives from a uracil. 
it is an L-proline derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-proline with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-proline derivative. 
it is a carbohydrate acid derivative that is alpha-L-talosaminuronic acid in which the hydroxy group at position 2 is substituted by an acetamido group. It is a carbohydrate acid derivative, an amino monosaccharide and a hexuronic acid derivative. 
it is an acyl-CoA oxoanion that is the pentaanion of succinyl-CoA, arising from deprotonation of the phosphate, diphosphate and carboxylic acid OH groups. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a succinyl-CoA. 
it is a pyridinecarbaldehyde that is pyridine-5-carbaldehyde bearing methyl, hydroxy and hydroxymethyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a hydroxymethylpyridine, a monohydroxypyridine, a member of methylpyridines and a pyridinecarbaldehyde. 
it appears as odorless white crystalline powder or colorless lustrous crystals. Sublimes in a vacuum at about 505Â° F with some decomposition. Solutions are strong bases (pH of 0.2 molar aqueous solution is 8.4). (NTP, 1992) it is a polycyclic cage that is adamantane in which the carbon atoms at positions 1, 3, 5 and 7 are replaced by nitrogen atoms. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a polycyclic cage, a polyazaalkane and a tetramine. it is a heterocyclic organic compound with antibiotic activity. In the body it is converted to formaldehyde, a nonspecific bactericidal agent. it is typically used long-term to treat chronic urinary tract infections and to prevent the recurrence of infections. 
it is a carotenone that consists of beta,beta-carotene bearing two oxo substituents at positions 4 and 4'. It has a role as a biological pigment, a food colouring, a fungal metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
it, also known as ethyl dihydrocinnamate or ethyl benzenepropanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl 3-phenylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a flower, fruity, and honey taste. 
Fludrocortisone Acetate is the acetate salt of a synthetic fluorinated corticosteroid with antiinflammatory and antiallergic activities. As a glucocorticoid-receptor agonist, fludrocortisone binds to cytoplasmic receptors, translocates to the nucleus, and subsequently initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as lipocortins to inhibit phospholipase A2 (PLA2). Inhibition of PLA2 activity prevents the release of arachidonic acid, a precursor of eicosanoids such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes; eicosanoids are important mediators in the pro-inflammatory response mechanism. As a mineralocorticoid-receptor agonist, this agent stimulates Na+ reabsorption and water retention and K+ and H+ secretion in the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the kidney. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4-aminoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an amino group attached to the 4-position of a quinoline ring system. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Diaminohydroxypropanetetraacetic acid has been investigated for the treatment of Vascular Disease, Coronary Disease, Myocardial Ischemia, Coronary Restenosis, and Coronary Artery Disease, among others. 
it is a cationic sphingoid obtained by protonation of the amino group of sphinganine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a sphinganine. 
Ecomustine is a water-soluble nitrosoureido sugar derived from acosamine, with alkylating activity. Ecomustine alkylates and crosslinks DNA, thereby inhibiting replication and transcription and eventually resulting in a reduction of cellular proliferation. 
it is a fluorophenol that is phenol in which the hydrogen para- to the hydroxy group has been replaced by a fluorine. It is a fluorophenol and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it appears as a white to gray odorless tasteless powder that darkens on exposure to light. Insoluble in water. Toxic by skin absorption through open wounds, ingestion and inhalation of dust. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires. 
it is a disaccharide derivative that is (S)-naringenin substituted by a 6-O-(6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant and a metabolite. It is a disaccharide derivative, a dihydroxyflavanone, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones, a (2S)-flavan-4-one and a rutinoside. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. 
N(2)-(3,4-dichlorobenzoyl)-N,N-dipentyl-alpha-glutamine is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide obtained by formal condensation of the alpha-carboxy group of N-(3,4-dichlorobenzoyl)glutamic acid with the amino group of dipentylamine. It is a glutamic acid derivative, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a member of benzamides and a dichlorobenzene. 
it appears as a clear colorless volatile liquid having a chloroform-like odor. Denser than water and is slightly soluble in water. Noncombustible. Used as a solvent, fumigant, in the manufacture of other chemicals, and for many other uses. it is a member of the class of chloroethenes that is ethene substituted by chloro groups at positions 1, 1 and 2. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic and a mouse metabolite. it is a synthetic, light sensitive, volatile, colorless, liquid that is miscible with many non-polar organic solvents. it is used mainly as a degreaser for metal parts. Upon combustion, it produces irritants and toxic gases. Occupational exposure to it is associated with excess incidences of liver cancer, kidney cancer and non-Hodgkin lymphoma. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a L-glutamyl ester that is the alpha-methyl ester derivative of L-glutamic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a methyl ester and a L-glutamyl ester. 
it is a clear liquid with an objectionable odor. Used as an insecticide and acaricide; it is applied to plants and soil. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from an (ethylsulfanyl)methanethiol. 
it is an L-alanine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-alanine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-alanine derivative. 
Methyltetrahydrophthalic anhydride is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride that is the cyclic anhydride of methyltetrahydrophthalic acid. It has a role as an allergen. It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride and a tetrahydrofurandione. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the O-ethyl carbamate of 2-(4-phenoxyphenoxy)ethylamine. It has a role as a juvenile hormone mimic, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an insecticide. It is an aromatic ether and a carbamate ester. It derives from a 4-phenoxyphenol. 
A PEPTIDE that is secreted by the BRAIN and the HEART ATRIA, stored mainly in cardiac ventricular MYOCARDIUM. It can cause NATRIURESIS; DIURESIS; VASODILATION; and inhibits secretion of RENIN and ALDOSTERONE. It improves heart function. It contains 32 AMINO ACIDS. 
Cholestyramine is a nonabsorbed bile acid sequestrant that is used a therapy of hyperlipidemia and for the pruritus of chronic liver disease and biliary obstruction. Cholestyramine has been associated with mild and transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but has not been linked to cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
Vanillylmandelic acid, also known as vanillylmandelate or vma CPD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. Vanillylmandelic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Vanillylmandelic acid has been found in human epidermis and endocrine gland tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva, urine, and blood. Within the cell, vanillylmandelic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Vanillylmandelic acid participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Vanillylmandelic acid can be biosynthesized from 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyphenylglycolaldehyde through the action of the enzyme aldehyde dehydrogenase, dimeric nadp-preferring. In addition, Vanillylmandelic acid and pyrocatechol can be biosynthesized from 3, 4-dihydroxymandelic acid and guaiacol through the action of the enzyme catechol O-methyltransferase. In humans, vanillylmandelic acid is involved in the tyrosine metabolism pathway and the disulfiram action pathway. Vanillylmandelic acid is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the hawkinsinuria pathway, the alkaptonuria pathway, tyrosinemia, transient, OF the newborn pathway, and the tyrosinemia type I pathway. Vanillylmandelic acid has a sweet and vanilla taste. Vanillylmandelic acid has been found to be associated with the diseases known as brunner syndrome; vanillylmandelic acid has also been linked to the inborn metabolic disorders including aromatic l-amino acid decarboxylase deficiency. 
Periodate is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of periodic acid. It is a monovalent inorganic anion and an iodine oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a periodic acid. 
it is a carbohydrate acid anion that is a trianion arising from deprotonation of the carboxy and phospho groups of 8-phospho-3-deoxy-D-manno-oct-2-ulosonic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is an organophosphate oxoanion, a carbohydrate acid derivative anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an 8-phospho-3-deoxy-D-manno-oct-2-ulosonic acid. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the indoles. These are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of a pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2,3-benzopyrrole. This drug is known to target mitogen-activated protein kinase 14. 
Etomidate is an imidazole derivative with short-acting sedative, hypnotic, and general anesthetic properties. Etomidate appears to have gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) like effects, mediated through GABA-A receptor. The action enhances the inhibitory effect of GABA on the central nervous system by causing chloride channel opening events which leads to membrane hyperpolarization. 
it is a steroid sulfate that is 17-hydroxypregnenolone in which the hydroxy hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a steroid sulfate, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a 17alpha-hydroxypregnenolone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharides. Monosaccharides are compounds containing one carbohydrate unit not glycosidically linked to another such unit, and no set of two or more glycosidically linked carbohydrate units. Monosaccharides have the general formula CnH2nOn (Â±)-it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Burns, though difficult to ignite. Denser than water and is insoluble in water. Hence, sinks in water. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a curing agent in paints and plastics and in the manufacture of synthetic fibers. 
Cefpirome Sulfate is the sulfate form of cefpirome, a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefpirome binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
cis- And trans-ethyl 2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane-2-acetate, also known as 1, 3-dioxolane-2-acetic acid, 2, 4-dimethyl-, ethyl ester or acetoacetic acid, ethyl ester, 1, 2-propylene ketal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. cis- And trans-ethyl 2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane-2-acetate is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). cis- And trans-ethyl 2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane-2-acetate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cis- and trans-ethyl 2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane-2-acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. cis- And trans-ethyl 2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane-2-acetate has an apple, fresh, and fruity taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentoses. These are monosaccharides in which the carbohydrate moiety contains five carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-methylthioribose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5-methylthioribose can be found in a number of food items such as hedge mustard, atlantic herring, cucurbita (gourd), and burdock. This makes 5-methylthioribose a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an imidazoline that is 4,5-dihydroimidazole bearing a chloromethyl substituent at position 2. It is a member of imidazolines and an organochlorine compound. 
Liquids. Toxic by inhalation, ingestion, and skin absorption. More dense than water. Flash points usually below 140Â°F. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. If available, obtain the technical name of the material from the shipping papers and contact CHEMTREC, (800-424-9300) for specific response information. it is a 3-(1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl)pyridine in which the chiral centre has S-configuration. The naturally occurring and most active enantiomer of it, isolated from Nicotiana tabacum. It has a role as a phytogenic insecticide, a teratogenic agent, a neurotoxin, an anxiolytic drug, a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist, a biomarker, an immunomodulator, a mitogen, a peripheral nervous system drug, a psychotropic drug, a plant metabolite and a xenobiotic. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-nicotinium(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-it. it is a plant alkaloid, found in the tobacco plant, and addictive central nervous system (CNS) stimulant that causes either ganglionic stimulation in low doses or ganglionic blockage in high doses. it acts as an agonist at the nicotinic cholinergic receptors in the autonomic ganglia, at neuromuscular junctions, and in the adrenal medulla and the brain. it's CNS-stimulating activities may be mediated through the release of several neurotransmitters, including acetylcholine, beta-endorphin, dopamine, norepinephrine, serotonin, and ACTH. As a result, peripheral vasoconstriction, tachycardia, and elevated blood pressure may be observed with it intake. This agent may also stimulate the chemoreceptor trigger zone, thereby inducing nausea and vomiting. 
This solid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide in an organic solvent slurry. Responders should try to identify solvent. 
it is an aminobenzenesulfonic acid carrying an amino group at position 2. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-aminobenzenesulfonate. 
it is a tetrazine that is 1,2,4,5-tetrazine in which both of the hydrogens have been replaced by o-chlorophenyl groups. It has a role as a mite growth regulator and a tetrazine acaricide. It is an organochlorine acaricide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tetrazine. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2,4,5-tetrazine. 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is the 4'-methyl ether derivative of apigenin. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-hydroxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-4-oxo-4H-chromen-7-olate. 
it is an oxaspiro compound that is(5beta,25R)-spirostan substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an oxaspiro compound, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a sapogenin. It derives from a hydride of a (25R)-5beta-spirostan. 
it is an addition compound. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor. It contains a perindopril(1-). it is the tert-butylamine salt of perindopril, the ethyl ester of a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Upon hydrolysis, it is converted to its active form perindoprilat, inhibiting ACE and the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II; consequently, angiotensin II-mediated vasoconstriction and angiotensin II-stimulated aldosterone secretion from the adrenal cortex are inhibited and diuresis and natriuresis ensue. 
it is a prostaglandins E. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the fumarate salt of a synthetic phenoxy-2-propanol-derived cardioselective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive and potential cardioprotective activities. Devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity, bisoprolol selectively and competitively binds to and blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, decreasing cardiac contractility and rate, reducing cardiac output, and lowering blood pressure. In addition, this agent may exhibit antihypertensive activity through the inhibition of renin secretion by juxtaglomerular epithelioid (JGE) cells in the kidney, thus inhibiting activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). Bisoprolol has been shown to be cardioprotective in animal models. 
it is an L-valine derivative in which one of the amino hydrogens of L-valine has been replaced by an acetyl group. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid and a L-valine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-valinate. 
A plant alkaloid with alpha-2-adrenergic blocking activity. Yohimbine has been used as a mydriatic and in the treatment of ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION. 
Dichlorodimethyl ether, symmetrical appears as a colorless volatile liquid with a chloroform-like odor. Toxic by inhalation, skin absorption and ingestion. Dangerous fire risk - flash point below 0Â°F. Vapors much denser than air. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Used to make paints and varnish, and as a solvent. it is an ether that is dimethyl ether in which one of the hydrogens attached to each of the methyl group has replaced by a chlorine. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and an alkylating agent. It is an ether and an organochlorine compound. it is a colorless, flammable, carcinogenic liquid with an extremely suffocating odor. it is used in industry as an alkylating agent, a chemical intermediate, a monitoring indicator for the presence of it, and as a laboratory reagent. This substance is irritating to eyes and mucous membranes and emits toxic vapors of hydrochloric acid and other chlorinated compounds when heated to decomposition. Exposure to Bis(Chloromethyl) ether is associated with higher risk of developing lung cancer, mainly small-cell type, and the risk increases with increasing duration and cumulative exposure. (NCI05) 
Zizyberanalic acid is a steroid acid isolated from the roots of Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a steroid acid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid and a steroid aldehyde. 
Chi R Yun is the Chinese proprietary name for extracts of Breynia officinalis, which has been used as an herbal medication alone and in combination with other botanicals to treat a variety of conditions including heart failure, venereal disease, growth retardation, contusions and conjunctivitis. Taken in higher than recommended doses, breynia is considered a poison and can cause gastrointestinal, hepatic, urinary and respiratory injury. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is naloxone substituted in which the allyl group attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a cyclopropylmethyl group. A mu-opioid receptor antagonist, it is used to treat alcohol dependence. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor antagonist, a central nervous system depressant, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antidote to opioid poisoning. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a morphinane-like compound and a member of cyclopropanes. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a noroxymorphone derivative with competitive opioid antagonistic property. it reverses the effects of opioid analgesics by binding to the various opioid receptors in the central nervous system, including the mu-, kappa- and gamma-opioid receptors. This leads to an inhibition of the typical actions of opioid analgesics, including analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia, and physical dependence. it is longer-acting and more potent compared to naloxone. 
N(5)-ethyl-L-glutamine is a N(5)-alkylglutamine where the alkyl group is ethyl. It has been isolated from green tea. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a tautomer of a N(5)-ethyl-L-glutamine zwitterion. 
Phenylpropanolamine is an alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with sympathomimetic activity. Phenylpropanolamine (PPA) binds to and activates alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract resulting in vasoconstriction and reduction in swelling of nasal mucous membranes and reduction in tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion. This agent also stimulates the release of norepinephrine from its storage sites resulting in the effects already described. Finally, PPA indirectly stimulates beta-receptors producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect. 
2-Isobutyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole, also known as 4, 5-dimethyl-2-isobutyloxazole or oxazole, 4, 5-dimethyl-2-isobutyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2-Isobutyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-isobutyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Isobutyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is a burnt and roasted tasting compound that can be found in potato. This makes 2-isobutyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
1-{2-(4-chlorobenzyloxy)-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl}imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(imidazol-1-yl)ethanol in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a 4-chlorobenzyl group. It is an ether, a member of imidazoles, a dichlorobenzene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is an imidazole with antifungal property. it compromises the integrity of fungal cell wall through inhibiting 14-alpha demethylase, which catalyzes conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol, an essential component of the fungal cell wall. As a result, this agent increases cellular permeability thereby resulting in leakage of cellular contents. Furthermore, it has also been implicated to inhibit endogenous respiration, interact with membrane phospholipids, inhibit purine uptake, and impair triglyceride and/or phospholipid biosynthesis. 
(5beta, 7beta, 10beta)-3, 11-Eudesmadien-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton (5beta, 7beta, 10beta)-3, 11-Eudesmadien-2-one exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (5beta, 7beta, 10beta)-3, 11-eudesmadien-2-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (5beta, 7beta, 10beta)-3, 11-eudesmadien-2-one can be found in citrus. This makes (5beta, 7beta, 10beta)-3, 11-eudesmadien-2-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an alkyl cinnamate obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,4,5-trimethoxycinnamic acid with methanol. It is a member of methoxybenzenes and an alkyl cinnamate. 
A stable synthetic analog of methionine enkephalin (ENKEPHALIN, METHIONINE). Actions are similar to those of methionine enkephalin. Its effects can be reversed by narcotic antagonists such as naloxone. 
it is a monochloropyridine that is 2-chloropyridine substituted by a [2-(carbamoylimino)-1,3-thiazolidin-3-yl]methyl group at position 5. It is a metabolite of the insecticide thiacloprid. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of thiazolidines, a monochloropyridine and a member of ureas. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of proparacaine, a benzoic acid derivative with local anesthetic property. it stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting sodium ion influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses within the neuronal cell, and resulting in a loss of sensation. 
N(6)-methyl-L-lysine is an L-lysine derivative that is L-lysine in which one of the hydrogens attached to N(6) is substituted by a methyl group. It is a L-lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a N(6)-methyl-L-lysinium(1+). 
it is the arenesulfonic acid that is benzenesulfonic acid with two nitro substituents in the 2- and 4-positions. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a C-nitro compound. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,4-dinitrobenzenesulfonate. 
it is an organofluorine compound that is 1-methyl-6-(trifluoromethyl)pyrimidine-2,4(1H,3H)-dione substituted by a 4-chloro-3-({[2-methyl-1-oxo-1-(prop-2-en-1-yloxy)propan-2-yl]oxy}carbonyl)phenyl group at position 3. It is a herbicide which inhibits the protoporphyrinogen-oxidase enzyme in plant chloroplasts, resulting in rapid knockdown of various broadleaf and grass weeds. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a benzoate ester, an organofluorine compound, a diester and an olefinic compound. It derives from a uracil. 
it, also known as it (mpol), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
8-(1, 2-Dihydroxy-3-methylbut-3-en-1-yl)-7-methoxy-2H-chromen-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety with a ketone group at the C2 carbon atom (1-benzopyran-2-one). 8-(1, 2-Dihydroxy-3-methylbut-3-en-1-yl)-7-methoxy-2H-chromen-2-one is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organic anion resulting from the deprotonation of the enol moiety of it. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a phytotoxin. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is dianion of thiamine(1+) diphosphate arising from deprotonation of the three OH groups of the diphosphate. It has a role as a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a thiamine(1+) diphosphate. 
it is a hydroxamic acid resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of (Z)-11-methyldodec-2-enoic acid with the nitrogen of hydroxylamine. 
it is the D-enantiomer of the alpha-amino acid lysine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a lysine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a D-lysinium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a D-lysinate. It is an enantiomer of a L-lysine. 
it is an anilide obtained by formal condensation of the amino group of aniline with the carboxy group of 2-methyl-5,6-dihydro-1,4-oxathiine-3-carboxylic acid. A fungicide for control of bunts and smuts normally that is normally used as a seed treatment. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an anilide, an enamide, an oxacycle, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound, an anilide fungicide and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is the uridine derivative obtained by formal hydrogenation of the endocyclic double bond in the uracil ring. It has a role as a biomarker. 
An antibiotic compound derived from Streptomyces niveus. It has a chemical structure similar to coumarin. Novobiocin binds to DNA gyrase, and blocks adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) activity. (From Reynolds, Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p189) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-butyl-5-ethyl-4-methyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-butyl-5-ethyl-4-methyloxazole can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes 2-butyl-5-ethyl-4-methyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Isobutyl enanthate, also known as fema 2200 or isobutyl heptoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Isobutyl enanthate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Isobutyl enanthate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isobutyl enanthate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Isobutyl enanthate has a fruity, green, and herbal taste. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid substituted at position 2 by a bromine atom. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a 2-bromocarboxylic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a bromosuccinate. 
An inhibitor of nitric oxide synthetase which has been shown to prevent glutamate toxicity. Nitroarginine has been experimentally tested for its ability to prevent ammonia toxicity and ammonia-induced alterations in brain energy and ammonia metabolites. (Neurochem Res 1995:200(4):451-6) 
2-dimethylaminoethyl chloride is a tertiary amino compound consisting of one 2-chloroethyl and two methyl groups covalently bound to a nitrogen atom. It is a tertiary amino compound and an organochlorine compound. It is a conjugate base of a 2-dimethylammonioethyl chloride. 
it is an organic salt containing a one to one ratio of methenamine, a heterocyclic organic compound, and mandelic acid, an aromatic alpha hydroxy acid, used in the treatment of urinary tract infections. 
it is a GDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-mannose as the sugar portion. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a GDP-alpha-D-mannose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 2'-monophosphate having guanine as the nucleobase. It has a role as an EC 3.1.27.3 (ribonuclease T1) inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an optically active form of selenocystathionine in which both amino acid residues have L-configuration. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
A drug used in the management of peripheral and cerebral vascular disorders. It is claimed to enhance cellular oxidative capacity and to be a spasmolytic. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1310) It may also be an antagonist at 5HT-2 serotonin receptors. 
it is a omega-amino fatty acid that is nonanoic acid substituted by an amino group at position 9. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a nonanoic acid. 
it is a tertiary alcohol that is butan-1-ol substituted by two phenyl groups at position 1 and a piperidin-1-yl group at position 4. It has a role as an antiemetic. It is a member of piperidines, a tertiary alcohol and a member of benzenes. 
it is an ammonium ion derivative and a member of adamantanes. It is a conjugate acid of an amantadine. It derives from a hydride of an adamantane. 
it is a norterpene that is an acyclic saturated hydrocarbon derived from phytane by loss of its C-16 terminal methyl group. It has a role as a biomarker and an immunological adjuvant. It is a norterpene and a long-chain alkane. 
it is a thioselenide in which a selenium atom is attached to the sulfur atoms of two molecules of glutathione. It is an initial metabolite of selenite, SeO3(2-). It has a role as a metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a thioselenide and a glutathione derivative. It derives from a glutathioselenol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is the sodium salt form of aprosulate, a synthetic sulfated bis(lactobionic acid amide) derivative and heparin analogue with anticoagulant activity. Aprosulate is made up of two fully sulfated lactobionic acid moieties with a diamine spacer via two amide bonds. This agent inhibits thrombin by antagonizing heparin cofactor II (HCII) and thus blocking thrombin-induced platelet aggregation. It prolongs clotting time. 
it appears as a liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. it is a hexanoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of hexanoic acid (caproic acid) with isobutanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isobutanol. 
it is an oxazolidinone that is N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-2-methoxyacetamide in which the amide hydrogen is replaced by a 2-oxo-1,3-oxazolidin-3-yl group. A systemic fungicide used to treat seeds of a variety of food crops, as well as lawns. It has a role as an agrochemical. It is an aromatic amide, an oxazolidinone, a carbohydrazide, an ether and an anilide fungicide. 
it is a carbamate ester and a member of 1-benzofurans. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide and an agrochemical. 
it is pentaanion of (S)-methylmalonyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate, diphosphate and carboxylic acid functions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-methylmalonyl-CoA. 
it appears as white to yellowish crystals that redden on exposure to light. (NTP, 1992) Haematoxylin is an organic heterotetracyclic compound 7,11b-dihydroindeno[2,1-c]chromene carrying five hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 4, 6a, 9 and 10. The most important and most used dye in histology, histochemistry, histopathology and in cytology. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a histological dye. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a polyphenol, a tertiary alcohol and an oxacycle. 
it is a sesquiterpene that is dodecane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 6 and 10. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene and an alkane. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone isolated from Saussureae Radix and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against melanogenesis. It has a role as a melanin synthesis inhibitor and a metabolite. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a sesquiterpene lactone and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is the sodium salt of cefuzonam. It contains a cefuzonam(1-). it is the sodium salt form of cefuzonam, an injectable, semi-synthetic, second-generation cephalosporin with broad-spectrum antibiotic activity. 
it is a hexahydroxy steroidal lactone obtained by hydrolysis of ouabain. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 1-hydroxy steroid, a 5beta-hydroxy steroid, an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 14beta-hydroxy steroid and a 19-hydroxy steroid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cardanolide. 
it, also known as caryolan-1-ol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tertiary alcohols. Tertiary alcohols are compounds in which a hydroxy group, -OH, is attached to a saturated carbon atom R3COH (R not H ). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is an earthy, moss, and spicy tasting compound that can be found in citrus, fruits, herbs and spices, and pepper (spice). This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the lactobionate salt form of erythromycin, a broad-spectrum, topical macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Erythromycin lactobionate diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. Erythromycin lactobionate may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
it is an injectable formulation of a compound called alpha-itomide. It is a chemical relative of DHEA which was selected for development after it showed antiretroviral activity in laboratory tests. 
it is an acyl-CoA(4-) that is the tetraanion of 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It is a conjugate base of a 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoyl-CoA. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 are replaced by nitro groups. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of benzoic acids. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoylindoles. These are organic compounds containing an indole attached to a benzoyl moiety through the acyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, O-desmethylindomethacin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it (DMPA) is under investigation for the treatment and health services research of HIV, Lactation, Contraception, Postpartum Depression, and Immune Cells (Mucosal and Systemic). DMPA has been investigated for the prevention, treatment, and basic science of Weight and Microbiota. 
Dihydroartemisinin is a sesquiterpenoid compound which is used as a drug for treatment of malaria. It has a role as an antimalarial. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid with a medicinal odor. Melting point 45Â°C. Sinks in water. Strong irritant to tissues; toxic by ingestion. it is a dichlorophenol that is phenol carrying chloro substituents at positions 2 and 4. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 4 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in crustaceans. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a signal transducing adaptor protein that localizes to FOCAL ADHESIONS via its four LIM domains. It undergoes PHOSPHORYLATION in response to integrin-mediated CELL ADHESION, and interacts with a variety of proteins including VINCULIN; FOCAL ADHESION KINASE; PROTO-ONCOGENE PROTEIN PP60(C-SRC); and PROTO-ONCOGENE PROTEIN C-CRK. 
it is urea in which one of the hydrogens is substituted by a 3-chloromercury-2-methoxyprop-1-yl group. It was formerly used as a diuretic, but more potent and less toxic drugs are now available. Its radiolabelled ((197)Hg, (203)Hg) forms were used in diagnostic aids in renal imaging and brain scans. It has a role as a diuretic and a diagnostic agent. It is an organomercury compound and a member of ureas. 
it is a light tan grains. Gives bright blue-white fluorescence in very dilute solutions. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of 7-aminocoumarins. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the n-acyl-alpha amino acids. These are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at his terminal nitrogen atom. This medication is known to target n-acetylornithine carbamoyltransferase and putative ornithine carbamoyltransferase. 
it appears as a clear, colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. May irritate skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an iron(III) hydroxamate that is astechrome in which the 3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl groups have been oxidised to 3-methylbuta-1,3-dien-1-yl groups. First isolated from Aspergillus fumigatus. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an iron(III) hydroxamate, a member of indoles and a member of pyrazines. It derives from an astechrome. 
it is a colorless gas with a faint petroleum-like odor. For transportation it may be stenched. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its own vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. It is easily ignited. Its vapors are heavier than air and a flame can flash back to the source of leak very easily. The leak can either be a liquid or vapor leak. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is used in the production of isooctane, a high octane aviation gasoline. it is an alkene that is prop-1-ene substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It is an alkene and a gas molecular entity. 
L-2-aminopentanoic acid is a 2-aminopentanoic acid that has S-configuration. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a (R)-fenbuconazole and a 2-aminopentanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a D-2-aminopentanoic acid. It is a tautomer of a L-2-aminopentanoic acid zwitterion. 
UDP is a uridine 5'-phosphate and a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP(3-). 
it is a hydrazone that is hydrazonomalononitrile in which one of the hydrazine hydrogens is substituted by a p-trifluoromethoxyphenyl group. It has a role as an ionophore and an ATP synthase inhibitor. It is a hydrazone, a nitrile, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a hydrazonomalononitrile. 
it is an N-acyl-L-glutamic acid in which the acyl group is specified as beta-citryl. It has a role as a human metabolite and an iron chelator. It is a tetracarboxylic acid and a N-acyl-L-glutamic acid. It derives from a citric acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a UDP-amino sugar having 3-O-(3-hydroxytetradecanoyl)-N-acetyl-beta-glucosamine as the sugar component. It derives from an UDP-alpha-D-glucosamine. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a glycosylglucose consisting of two D-glucopyranose units connected by an alpha-(1->6)-linkage. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
Methyl succinic acid appears as white or yellowish crystals or beige powder. (NTP, 1992) 2-methylbutanedioic acid is a dicarboxylic acid that is butanedioic acid substituted at position 2 by a methyl group. It is a conjugate acid of a methylsuccinate. 
it is a lipoprotein lipase (LPL) activator with antihyperlipidemic activity. Activation of LDL by it lowers plasma triglycerides, with a concomitant elevation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. 
A macrolide isolated from the culture broth of a strain of Streptomyces tsukubaensis that has strong immunosuppressive activity in vivo and prevents the activation of T-lymphocytes in response to antigenic or mitogenic stimulation in vitro. 
it is the N-[(R)-4-phosphopantothenoyl] derivative of L-cysteine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a phosphonic acid and a N-[(R)-pantothenoyl]-L-cysteine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-[(R)-4-phosphonatopantothenoyl]-L-cysteinate(3-). 
4-Fluoroisobutyryl fentanyl is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a difluorocyclopropyl quinoline. it binds with high affinity to P-glycoprotein and inhibits P-glycoprotein-mediated multidrug resistance (MDR). P-glycoprotein, encoded by the MDR-1 gene, is a member of the ATP-binding cassette superfamily of transmembrane transporters and prevents the intracellular accumulation of many natural product-derived cytotoxic agents. 
it is a long-acting, synthetic peptide with gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonistic properties. it targets and blocks GnRH receptors located on the surfaces of gonadotroph cells in the anterior pituitary, thereby reducing secretion of luteinizing hormone (LH) by pituitary gonadotroph cells and so decreasing testosterone production by interstitial (Leydig) cells in the testes. 
Phosphorothioic acid, o,o-dimethyl s-(2-(methylthio) ethyl) ester appears as a straw-colored liquid. Used as a systemic insecticide and acaricide effective against sucking insects. (EPA, 1998) 
Ethylaminoethanol, [combustible liquid label] appears as a colorless liquid with an amine-like odor. Slightly less dense than water. May mildly irritate skin and eyes. At high temperature may decompose to yield toxic oxides of nitrogen. 
it is an atropine with a 2R-configuration. It derives from a (R)-tropic acid. Hyoscyamine is a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
it is a carbopolycyclic compound with formula C29H36O6, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an EC 2.4.1.17 (glucuronosyltransferase) inhibitor, an immunosuppressive agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a nephroprotective agent. It is a carbopolycyclic compound, an enone, a cyclic ketone, an arenecarbaldehyde, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenediols. 
it is a pyrrolopyrimidine that is pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidine substituted at position 4 by an N-methyl,N-(1-cyanoacetyl-4-methylpiperidin-3-yl)amino moiety. Used as its citrate salt to treat moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antirheumatic drug. It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, a N-acylpiperidine, a nitrile and a tertiary amino compound. it is an orally available inhibitor of Janus kinases (JAK), with immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon administration, it binds to JAK and prevents the activation of the JAK-signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT) signaling pathway. This may decrease the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as interleukin (IL)-6, -7, -15, -21, interferon-alpha and -beta, and may prevent both an inflammatory response and the inflammation-induced damage caused by certain immunological diseases. JAK kinases are intracellular enzymes involved in signaling pathways affecting hematopoiesis, immunity and inflammation. 
it is a beta-D-galactoside having a 6-bromo-2-naphthyl substituent at the anomeric position. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an organobromine compound and a beta-D-galactoside. It derives from a 6-bromo-2-naphthol. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasm, Solid Tumor, COLON CANCER, BREAST CANCER, and Advanced Cancer, among others. it is an orally bioavailable, small molecule inhibitor of certain class I phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) isoforms and mammalian target of rapamycin kinase (mTOR) in the PI3K/mTOR signaling pathway, with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits both certain PI3K isoforms and mTOR in an ATP-competitive manner which may inhibit both the PI3K/mTOR signaling pathway in and proliferation of tumor cells overexpressing PI3K and/or mTOR. The PI3K/mTOR pathway is upregulated in a variety of tumor cells and plays a key role in promoting cancer cell proliferation, and survival, motility and resistance to chemotherapy and radiotherapy. mTOR, a serine/threonine kinase downstream of PI3K, may also be activated in a PI3K-independent fashion; therefore, this agent may be more potent than an agent that inhibits either PI3K or mTOR alone. In addition, it may inhibit DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK), thereby inhibiting the ability of tumor cells to repair damaged DNA. DNA-PK is activated upon DNA damage and plays a key role in repairing double-stranded DNA breaks. 
it atom is a radioactive metallic element discovered in 1898 by Marie Sklodowska Curie and named after her home country, itland (Latin itlonia). It is a chalcogen and a metal atom. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Methylmalonyl-CoA, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Methylmalonyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Methylmalonyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methylmalonyl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. In humans, methylmalonyl-CoA is involved in the valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation pathway. 
it, solid is a colorless crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is a C6 alkane-alpha,omega-diamine. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, duryl aldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, duryl aldehyde can be found in herbs and spices. This makes duryl aldehyde a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydroxynitrile that is butyronitirle in which a hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. 
Selegiline is a phenethylamine alkaloid, a tertiary amine and a terminal acetylenic compound. It is a conjugate base of a selegiline(1+). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of terephthalic acid with ammonia. It is a carbamoylbenzoic acid and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from a terephthalic acid. 
it is a streptogramin antibiotic similar to pristinamycin and quinupristin/dalfopristin. It is a combination of pristinamycin IIA and it S1. it is used in the fuel ethanol industry to prevent microbial contamination and in livestock to prevent and treat infections. According to a USDA study, antibiotics can save as much as 30% in feed costs among young swine. it is a class of streptogramin-related depsipeptides isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces virginiae and other Streptomyces bacterial species. The its consist of two major components, it M1 and it S1. These agents bind to and inhibit ribosome assembly, thereby preventing protein synthesis. Active against Gram-positive bacteria, these antibiotics are primarily used in veterinary practice. (NCI04) 
it is an enal resulting from the oxidation of the primary alcohol group of chanoclavine-I to the corresponding aldehyde. It is an enal, an organic tricyclic compound, a secondary amino compound and an ergot alkaloid. It derives from a chanoclavine-I. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a trihydroxybenzoic acid in which the hydroxy groups are at positions 3, 4, and 5. It has a role as an astringent, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a plant metabolite, an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, a human xenobiotic metabolite, an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a conjugate acid of a gallate. 
it is a member of the class of iron(3+) sulfides that has formula Fe2S3. A black powder, it decomposes at room temperature to give iron(2+) chloride, hydrogen sulfide, and sulfur. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3' and 4' and prenyl groups at positions 2' and 5'. Isolated from Erythrina sigmoidea, it exhibits anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, a radical scavenger, an anti-obesity agent and an antibacterial agent. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is a novel macrolide antibiotic used in the treatment of diarrhea caused by Clostridioides (formerly Clostridium) difficile in adult and pediatric patients over the age of 6 months. it is a naturally-occurring 18-member macrocycle derived from fermentation. Because fidaxomicin contains an 18-membered lactone ring in its structure, it is referred to as a macrocyclic lactone antibiotic drug. The antibacterial activity of fidaxomicin is distinct from macrolides and rifamycins, as the bactericidal activity is time-dependent, and not concentration-dependent. it was the first macrocyclic lactone antibiotic with activity against C. difficile, and it displays a narrow spectrum of activity against gram-positive anaerobes. It mediates its potent bactericidal action on the bacteria by inhibiting the bacterial RNA synthase, thereby disrupting bacterial transcription. The minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC90) for fidaxomicin is four times less than that of [vancomycin], which was the primary drug of choice for C. difficile infection before the approval of fidaxomicin. Unlike vancomycin, however, fidaxomicin has a negligible effect on normal colonic microflora.  The FDA initially approved fidaxomicin in May 2011 for the treatment of C. difficile-associated diarrhea in adult patients over the age of 18. Later that year in December, the drug was also approved by the European Medicine Agency. In June 2012, fidaxomicin was also granted approval by Health Canada. The approved indication of fidaxomicin was expanded by the FDA in January 2020 to include pediatric patients over the age of 6 months in the treatment population. it is a narrow-spectrum, 18-membered macrolide antibiotic isolated from the actinomycete Dactylosporangium aurantiacum subsp. hamdenensis with potential antibacterial activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, fidaxomicin may bind to and inhibit bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, thereby inhibiting the initiation of bacterial RNA synthesis. When orally administered, this agent is minimally absorbed into the systemic circulation, acting locally in the gastrointestinal tract. it appears to be active against pathogenic Gram-positive bacteria, such as clostridia, enterococci, and staphylococci, but does not appear to be active against other beneficial intestinal bacteria. 
it is an optically active phenylethanolamine compound having an isopropyl substituent attached to the nitrogen atom. It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent and a beta-adrenergic agonist. It is a catecholamine and a member of phenylethanolamines. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. When heated will polymerize and at decomposition emits acrid smoke and irritating fumes. 
it is a monoacylglycerol phosphate having palmitoyl as the acyl group on O-1 and with the phosphate group on O-3. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a second-generation sulfonylurea with antihyperglycemic activity. Like other second-generation compounds, it exerts greater binding affinity than the first-generation compounds. it shows peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) gamma agonistic activity, has a short half-life and is excreted in both the bile and urine. 
it appears as white slightly cream or light pink-colored powder. Melting point 177Â°C. Slight phenolic odor and a saline phenolic taste. Moderately toxic. Used as a fungicide and bactericide. it is a nontoxic laxative vermicide of chlorinated phenol compound. it is used as a veterinary fungicide, anthelmintic, and anti-protozoan, as well as an ingredient in antimicrobial soaps and shampoos. This agent probably acts by increasing the clearing of intestinal contents, thereby eradicating tapeworm infections from the intestines. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharides. Monosaccharides are compounds containing one carbohydrate unit not glycosidically linked to another such unit, and no set of two or more glycosidically linked carbohydrate units. Monosaccharides have the general formula CnH2nOn. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, alphachloralose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Trimethylsilyl heptadecanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trimethylsilyl esters. These are organoheterosilanes, bearing a silicon atom that is linked to three methyl groups and is O-esterified. Trimethylsilyl heptadecanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Trimethylsilyl heptadecanoic acid has been primarily detected in feces. 
3-(2, 5-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-(2, 5-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
This solid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide with inert solid. 
it appears as a colorless to amber liquid with an aromatic odor. When heated to high temperatures may emit toxic chloride fumes and phosgene gas. Toxic by inhalation, skin absorption or ingestion. Used as a pesticide. May be found in the form of a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. it is an alkenyl phosphate that is the 2,2-dichloroethenyl ester of dimethyl phosphate. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an anthelminthic drug, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. It is an alkenyl phosphate, a dialkyl phosphate, an organophosphate insecticide and an organochlorine acaricide. it is a synthetic organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and probable mutagen, neurotoxin, and reproduction toxicant that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a volatile pale-yellow clear liquid, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
17,21-dihydroxy-5beta-pregnane-3,11,20-trione is a 4,it that has beta- configuration at position 5. It is a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a 4,it. 
Two small peptide chains removed from the N-terminal segment of the alpha chains of fibrinogen by the action of thrombin during the blood coagulation process. Each peptide chain contains 18 amino acid residues. In vivo, fibrinopeptide A is used as a marker to determine the rate of conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin by thrombin. 
May liquefy in cool or cold weather. Less dense than water. Insoluble in water but soluble in alcohol. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat, the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a C20-gibberellin that is gibberellin A12 carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at the 3beta-position It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a C20-gibberellin, a dicarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and an olefinic compound. It derives from a gibberellin A12. 
it is a it whose structure comprises D-glucopyranose having an amino substituent at position 2. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-glucopyranose. It is a conjugate base of a 2-ammonio-2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose. 
Saccharin, sodium salt appears as odorless white crystals or crystalline powder. Aqueous solution is neutral or alkaline to litmus, but not alkaline to phenolphthalein. Effloresces in dry air. Intensely sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a light yellow oily liquid with a characteristic odor of aromatic nitro compounds. Sinks in water. Derived from toluene by nitration and separation by fractional distillation. Flash point 223Â°F. it is a mononitrotoluene that is toluene carrying a nitro substituent at position 2. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a carcinogenic agent. 
it is a hydrate that is the tetrahydrate form of iron dichloride. It is a hydrate, an iron coordination entity and an inorganic chloride. It contains an iron dichloride. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stigmastanes and derivatives. These are sterol lipids with a structure based on the stigmastane skeleton, which consists of a cholestane moiety bearing an ethyl group at the carbon atom C24. Thus, it is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils and garden tomato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a chalcone that is (E)-chalcone bearing four additional hydroxy substituents at positions 2', 3, 4 and 4'. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, an antioxidant, an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. 
it is a steroid ester in which a 5alpha-androstane skeleton is C-3alpha- and C-17beta-disubstituted with acetoxy groups and 2beta- and 16beta-disubstituted with 1-methylpiperidinium-1-yl groups. It is a non-depolarizing curare-mimetic muscle relaxant. It has a role as a muscle relaxant, a cholinergic antagonist and a nicotinic antagonist. It is a steroid ester and an acetate ester. it is a synthetic, long-acting bis-quaternary steroid and non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent, with muscle relaxant activity. it competitively binds to and blocks the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor at the neuromuscular junction, thereby preventing acetylcholine (ACh) binding and resulting in skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of rilpivirine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used for treatment of HIV. It has a role as a prodrug, a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. It contains a rilpivirine(1+). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01337466 (Biodistribution and Dosimetry Evaluation of [124I]it). it is a nucleoside analog of uridine with activity against hepatitis B virus and herpes viruses. it inhibits viral DNA polymerase and viral replication. 
it is i would ideally like to have both the M and the P atropisomer, but I don't know how to indicate atropisomerism 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of tamulosin and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It contains a tamsulosin(1+). It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. it is the hydrochloride salt of tamsulosin, a sulfonamide derivative with adrenergic antagonist activity. Tamsulosin selectivity binds to and blocks the activity of alpha1 adrenoreceptors in the human prostate and bladder neck; blockade of these adrenoceptors can cause smooth muscle in the prostate and bladder neck to relax, resulting in an improvement in urinary flow rate. 
it is a quinolone that is 4-quinolone substituted at position 3 by a formyl group. It is a quinolone and an aldehyde. 
it is a clear colorless straw-colored liquid with a sweet pleasant odor. (NTP, 1992) it is an epoxide that is oxirane in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a phenyl group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a styrene. 
it is an acetate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of acetic acid with the hydroxy group of 5-bromo-4-chloroindoxyl. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a bromoindole, a chloroindole and an acetate ester. It derives from an indoxyl. 
it is the O-acetyl derivative of L-homoserine. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an O-acetylhomoserine and an acetyl-amino acid. It derives from a L-homoserine. It is an enantiomer of an O-acetyl-D-homoserine. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a butan-4-olide that is (-)-pluviatolide in which the phenolic hydroxy group has been converted to the corresponding methyl ether. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a member of benzodioxoles, a butan-4-olide and a lignan. It derives from a (-)-pluviatolide. 
it is a cationic dye with antifungal, antitrypanosomal, antimalarial, and carcinostatic activities. it is able to bind to DNA and RNA in a non-intercalating manner, and is a powerful inhibitor of ribonucleases, thereby impeding cellular processes in protozoa. This agent was also shown to bind to and stablize trypanosomal lysosomes. it is commonly used as a diagnostic agent in neuroanatomy and as a histochemical stain. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the methyl ester of {4,6-diamino-2-[1-(2-fluorobenzyl)-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-b]pyridin-3-yl]pyrimidin-5-yl}methylcarbamic acid. It is used for treatment of chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension and pulmonary arterial hypertension It has a role as a soluble guanylate cyclase activator and an antihypertensive agent. It is a pyrazolopyridine, an aminopyrimidine, an organofluorine compound and a carbamate ester. 
it is a heterocyclyl sulfate that is 1,2-oxazol-3-yl hydrogen sulfate substituted by a methyl group at position 5. It is a heterocyclyl sulfate and a member of isoxazoles. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound isolated from Aspergillus and Aspergillus ustus and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an oxacycle, a cyclic ketone and a polyphenol. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fruity taste. 
it is a member of the class of menaquinones that is menaquinone-9 in which the double bond that is second nearest to the naphthoquinone moiety has been dihydrogenated. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a menaquinone-9. 
it is an aminopyrimidine that is pyrimidin-4-amine substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a diphosphooxymethyl group at position 5. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an aminopyrimidine and an alkyl diphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-amino-2-methyl-5-diphosphonatooxymethylpyrimidine(3-). 
it is the cis-isomer of caffeic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a cis-it. 
it is a 26-oxo steroid resulting from the oxidation of one of the terminal methyl groups of cholesterol to the corresponding aldehyde. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a cholestanoid, a 26-oxo steroid, a 3beta-sterol, an oxysterol, a steroid aldehyde and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is a polyamino carboxylic acid in which bis(carboxymethyl)nitrilo groups are bonded to C-2 and C-2' of 1,1'-[ethane-1,2-diylbis(oxy)]dibenzene. It has a role as a chelator. It is a polyamino carboxylic acid and a tetracarboxylic acid. 
it is anionic form of a sulfated menaquinone-type compound arising from deprotonation of the sulfate OH; a metabolite from Mycobacterium tuberculosis lipid extracts. 
it appears as odorless lemon yellow crystals or fine yellow powder. Bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is hydantoin substituted at position 1 by a [(5-nitro-2-furyl)methylene]amino group. An antibiotic that damages bacterial DNA. It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent, an antiinfective agent and an antibacterial drug. It is an organonitrogen heterocyclic antibiotic, an organooxygen heterocyclic antibiotic, a nitrofuran antibiotic and an imidazolidine-2,4-dione. It derives from a semicarbazide. it is a synthetic derivative of imidazolidinedione, it inhibits bacterial DNA, RNA, and cell wall protein synthesis. Activated by bacterial flavoproteins to intermediates that inactivate bacterial ribosomal proteins, it is used prophylactically as a urinary anti-infective agent against most gram-positive and gram-negative organisms and for long-term suppression of infections. (NCI04) 
it is a bi-fluorinated derivative of the semi-synthetic vinca alkaloid vinorelbine with antitubulin, antineoplastic, and antiangiogenic activities. it inhibits tubulin assembly without any stablization of assembled microtubules at concentrations comparable to those of other vinca alkaloids such as vincristine, vinblastine and vinorelbine; this effect on microtubule dynamics results in cell cycle arrest in mitosis and apoptosis. Compared to other vinca alkaloids, this agent binds weakly to the vinca-binding site, indicating that it may exhibit reduced neurotoxicity. 
it is the 6-O-phospho derivative of dihydrostreptomycin. It derives from a dihydrostreptomycin. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a triterpenoid saponin that consists of anagalligenin A substituted by a caproyl group at position 22 and a beta-D-xylopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl-(1->4)-[beta-D-glucopyranosyl-(1->2)]-alpha-L-arabinopyranosyl moiety at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It is isolated from the whole plants of Lysimachia capillipes and has been shown to exhibit potent cytotoxicity against human A-2780 cells. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a tetrasaccharide derivative, a hexacyclic triterpenoid, a bridged compound, a lactol, an alpha-L-arabinopyranoside, a cyclic ether, a diol, a secondary alcohol, a triterpenoid saponin and a hexanoate ester. It derives from an anagalligenin A. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-proline residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It derives from a L-proline. 
it is an aromatic carboxylic acid that is phenazine substituted at C-1 with a carboxy group. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a bacterial metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a member of phenazines, a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phenazine-1-carboxylate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages and fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Prednisolone Sodium Phosphate is the sodium phosphate salt form of prednisolone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. As a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, prednisolone sodium phosphate binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors, and causes the ligand- receptor complex to be translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as various cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both potent mediators of inflammation. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cell populations. 
(3XI, 6XI)-Cyclo(alanylvalyl) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof (3XI, 6XI)-Cyclo(alanylvalyl) is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (3xi, 6xi)-cyclo(alanylvalyl) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (3xi, 6xi)-cyclo(alanylvalyl) can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes (3xi, 6xi)-cyclo(alanylvalyl) a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as kytril or sancuso, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indazole-3-carboxamides. These are aromatic compounds containing an indazole ring system that is substituted at the 3-position with a carboxamide group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, granisetron is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is an indazole derivative with antiemetic properties. As a selective serotonin receptor antagonist, granisetron competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5-hydroxytryptamine3 (5-HT3) receptors, resulting in the suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
Glycyrrhizin is a saponin-like compound that provides the main sweet flavor for Glycyrrhiza glabra (licorice), with potential immunomodulating, anti-inflammatory, hepato- and neuro-protective, and antineoplastic activities. Glycyrrhizin modulates certain enzymes involved in inflammation and oxidative stress, and downregulates certain pro-inflammatory mediators, thereby protecting against inflammation- and reactive oxygen species (ROS)-induced damage. Glycerrhizin may also suppress the growth of susceptible tumor cells. 
An antibiotic produced by Streptomyces lincolnensis var. lincolnensis. It has been used in the treatment of staphylococcal, streptococcal, and Bacteroides fragilis infections. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid comprising dodecanoic (lauric) acid substituted at position 11 by a methyl group. It is a methyl-branched fatty acid, a branched-chain saturated fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isotridecanoate. 
Vitamin B refers to several water soluble vitamins often found together in foods, all of which are necessary for normal growth and metabolism, but none of which are synthesized in adequate amounts by humans. The common forms of vitamin B include vitamin B1 (thiamine), B2 (riboflavin), B3 (niacin), B6 (pyridoxine) and B12 (cyanocobalamin). Except for niacin (when given in high doses), there is no evidence that the other B vitamins, in physiologic or even super-physiologic, high doses, cause liver injury or jaundice. The major forms of vitamin B and selected other water soluble vitamins (biotin, pantothenic acid, choline) are discussed briefly in this record. 
it, also known as fema 3340, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl aryl ethers. These are organic compounds containing the alkyl aryl ether functional group with the generic formula R-O-R' , where R is an alkyl group and R' is an aryl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a burnt, meat, and musty taste. 
Latanoprost free acid is a prostaglandin Falpha that is an analogue of prostaglandin F2alpha in which the pentyl group has been replaced by 2-phenylethyl and where the the 13,14-double bond has undergone formal hydrogenation. Its isopropyl ester prodrug, latanoprost, is used in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug, an antihypertensive agent and an EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor. It is a prostaglandins Falpha and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a steroid ester comprising beclomethasone having propionyl groups at the 17- and 21-positions. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug, an anti-asthmatic drug, a prodrug and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a steroid ester, an enone, a 20-oxo steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a propanoate ester, a corticosteroid, a glucocorticoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a chlorinated steroid. It derives from a beclomethasone. it is the dipropionate ester of a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. After cell surface receptor attachment and cell entry, beclomethasone enters the nucleus where it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in an altered gene expression and inhibition of proinflammatory cytokine production. 
O-isopropyl phenol is a light-yellow liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. it is a member of the class of phenols carrying an isopropyl group at position 2. It derives from a hydride of a cumene. 
A methylpyrrole-carboxylate from RYANIA that disrupts the RYANODINE RECEPTOR CALCIUM RELEASE CHANNEL to modify CALCIUM release from SARCOPLASMIC RETICULUM resulting in alteration of MUSCLE CONTRACTION. It was previously used in INSECTICIDES. It is used experimentally in conjunction with THAPSIGARGIN and other inhibitors of CALCIUM ATPASE uptake of calcium into SARCOPLASMIC RETICULUM. 
it YS dye is an organic sodium salt that is 2',4',5',7'-tetrabromofluorescein in which the carboxy group and the phenolic hydroxy group have been deprotonated and the resulting charge is neutralised by two sodium ions. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an organobromine compound and an organic sodium salt. It contains a 2',4',5',7'-tetrabromofluorescein(2-). 
1-(tert-butylamino)-3-[(2-methyl-1H-indol-4-yl)oxy]propan-2-yl benzoate is a methylindole that is 2-methyl-1H-indol-4-ol in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group is replaced by a 2-(benzoyloxy)-3-(tert-butylamino)propyl group. It is a methylindole, a secondary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a benzoate ester. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which two of the methyl hydrogens are substituted by fluorines. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organofluorine compound. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a difluoroacetate. 
it is a carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-[(isobutyryloxy)methoxy]-4-methoxypyridine-2-carboxylic acid with the amino group of (3S,6S,7R,8R)-3-amino-8-benzyl-6-methyl-4,9-dioxo-1,5-dioxonan-7-yl 2-methylpropanoate. Introduced by Dow AgroSciences, it is an antibiotic fungicide with a new target site for disease control in Septoria species. It has a role as an agrochemical. It is an antibiotic fungicide, a member of pyridines, a lactone, an acetal and a secondary carboxamide. 
N-ethyl morpholine appears as a colorless liquid with a strong ammonia-like odor. Severely irritates skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Moderately soluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point 83Â°F . 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the N(2)-(R)-1-carboxyethyl derivative of L-lysine. It is an amino acid opine and a L-lysine derivative. It is a tautomer of a it dizwitterion. 
it is a triazolopyrimidine that consists of 3,6-dihydro-7H-[1,2,3]triazolo[4,5-d]pyrimidine bearing amino and oxo substituents at positions 5 and 7 respectively. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.4.2.1 (purine-nucleoside phosphorylase) inhibitor. It is a member of triazolopyrimidines and a nucleobase analogue. it is a purine analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it interferes with the modification of transfer ribonucleic acid (tRNA) by competing with guanine for incorporation into tRNA catalyzed by the enzyme tRNA-guanine ribosyltransferase (tRNA-guanine transglycosylase). Altered guanine modification of tRNA has been implicated in cellular differentiation and neoplastic transformation. it also inhibits the formation of 43S and 80S initiation complexes, thereby interfering with initiation of translation and inhibiting protein synthesis. This agent inhibits tumor cell growth and stimulates cell differentiation. (NCI04) 
it, also known as fema 2913, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzodioxoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to either isomers of dioxole. Dioxole is a five-membered unsaturated ring of two oxygen atoms and three carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a berry, fruity, and heliotrope taste. 
Pelargonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside chloride is a member of the class of anthocyanin chlorides that has pelargonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside as the cationic counterpart. It contains a pelargonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-(2, 4, 6-trihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxychalcones. These are organic compounds containing chalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. 3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-(2, 4, 6-trihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
N-allyl-1-phenyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepine-7,8-diol is a benzazepine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepine bearing a phenyl substituent at position 1, an allyl substituent at position 3 and two hydroxy substituents at positions 7 and 8. Selective dopamine D1-like receptor partial agonist (IC50 values are 19.7 and 2425 nM for binding to D1-like and D2-like receptors respectively). Centrally active following systemic administration in vivo. It has a role as a dopamine agonist. It is a benzazepine, a member of catechols and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of a N-allyl-1-phenyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepinium-7,8-diol(1+). 
it, also known as fema 2442, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C4 carbon atom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ethyl levulate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a sweet, berry, and floral taste. 
it is a mixture of it. It is used for the treatment of acute respiratory depression associated with overdosage of CNS depressant drugs and also used in combination with ergotamine to prevent vascular headaches. It contains a caffeine and a sodium benzoate. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that has a furonaphthodioxole skeleton bearing 3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl and hydroxy substituents. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, an insulin-like growth factor receptor 1 antagonist and a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a furonaphthodioxole and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. it is a cyclolignan alkaloid found in the mayapple plant family (Podophyllum peltatum), and a small molecule inhibitor of the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically inhibits the activity and downregulates the cellular expression of IGF1R without interfering with activities of other growth factor receptors, such as receptors for insulin, epidermal growth factor, platelet-derived growth factor, fibroblast growth factor and mast/stem cell growth factor (KIT). This agent shows potent activity in the suppression o f tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. IGF1R, a receptor tyrosine kinase overexpressed in a variety of human cancers, plays a critical role in the growth and survival of many types of cancer cells. 
it is a heterodetic cyclic peptide that is produced by species of Amycolatopsis and Nocardia. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a platelet-activating factor receptor agonist, a bacterial metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a tetrasaccharide derivative, a macrocycle, a heterodetic cyclic peptide and a glycopeptide. 
it is a C7-cyanine dye having symmetrically-substituted 2-indolyl units at each end. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It derives from a C7-indocyanine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in beverages and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 1,3-oxazole having a phenyl substituent at the 2-position and an oxo group at the 5-position. Note that it is commonly used as a synonym for 4-(ethoxymethylene)-2-phenyloxazol-5-one (PhOx). 
it is an orally available benzimidazole riboside compound with activity against cytomegalovirus (CMV). it is a selective ATP competitor of viral UL97 kinase, which is involved in viral nuclear maturation events, such as viral DNA assembly and movement of viral capsids from the nucleus of infected cells. it has activity against strains of CMV that are resistant to standard anti-CMV agents. 
it is a member of the class of nitrotoluenes that is 2,6-dinitrotoluene bearing an additional hydroxylamino substituent at position 4. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a nitrotoluene and a member of hydroxylamines. 
it is an optically active form of it having L-configuration. It has a role as an EC 1.3.1.43 (arogenate dehydrogenase) inhibitor, a nutraceutical, a micronutrient and a fundamental metabolite. It is an erythrose 4-phosphate/phosphoenolpyruvate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from a L-tyrosinal. It is a conjugate base of a L-tyrosinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-tyrosinate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is the levorotatory isomer of the aromatic amino acid it. it is a naturally occurring it and is synthesized in vivo from L-phenylalanine. It is considered a non-essential amino acid; however, in patients with phenylketonuria who lack phenylalanine hydroxylase and cannot convert phenylalanine into it, it is considered an essential nutrient. In vivo, it plays a role in protein synthesis and serves as a precursor for the synthesis of catecholamines, thyroxine, and melanin. 
Attapulgite is a magnesium aluminium phyllosilicate which occurs in a type of clay soil common to the Southeastern United States. When used in medicine, it physically binds to acids and toxic substances in the stomach and digestive tract. For that reason, it has often been used in antidiarrheal medications. Until 2003, it was the active ingredient used in Kaopectate, before that product was reformulated with bismuth subsalicylate. 
it anhydrous is the sodium salt of L-thyroxine. It is used as replacement therapy in the treatment of hypothyroidism. It contains a L-thyroxine(1-). Levothyroxine Sodium is the sodium salt of levothyroxine, a synthetic levoisomer of thyroxine (T4) that is similar to the endogenous hormone produced by the thyroid gland. In peripheral tissues, levothyroxine is deiodinated by 5'-deiodinase to form triiodothyronine (T3). T3 enters the cell and binds to nuclear thyroid hormone receptors; the activated hormone-receptor complex in turn triggers gene expression and produces proteins required in the regulation of cellular respiration; thermogenesis; cellular growth and differentiation; and the metabolism of proteins, carbohydrates and lipids. T3 also exhibits cardiostimulatory effects. 
3-Acetyl-1, 2-dithiolane, also known as 1, 2-dithiolane, 3-acetyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2-dithiolanes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-dithiolane ring. 1, 2-dithiolane moiety is a 5-membered saturated aliphatic ring with three carbon atoms, and two sulfur atoms at the 1- and 2- ring positions. 3-Acetyl-1, 2-dithiolane is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-acetyl-1, 2-dithiolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as australol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cumenes. These are aromatic compounds containing a prop-2-ylbenzene moiety. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it is a medicinal, spicy, and warm tasting compound that can be found in cumin. This makes p-isopropylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Ragaglitazar is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) alpha and gamma agonist with hypoglycemic activity. Ragaglitazar reduces blood pressure (BP) and improves endothelial function in antihypertensive studies. 
it is an indole derivative with antiemetic activity. As a selective serotonin receptor antagonist, it competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5HT3 receptors, resulting in suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. (NCI04) 
Orantinib is an oxindole that is 3-methyleneoxindole in which one of the hydrogens of the methylene group is substituted by a 2-(2-carboxyethyl)-3,5-dimethylpyrrol-3-yl group. It is an ATP-competitive inhibitor of the tyrosine kinase activity of fibroblast growth factor receptor 1. It has a role as a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of oxindoles, a member of pyrroles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 3-methyleneoxindole. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid consisting of adipic acid having a single oxo group at the 3-position. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a human metabolite. It derives from an adipic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-oxoadipate(2-). 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of clorprenaline, a beta-2 adrenergic agonist with bronchodilator activity. Clorprenaline selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar smooth muscle, thereby causing stimulation of adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased intracellular cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle. This increases air flow and prevents bronchospasms and may eventually lead to an improvement of airway function. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt of amonafide, an imide derivative of naphthalic acid. Amonafide intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, resulting in protein-associated strand breaks and impaired DNA and RNA synthesis. 
it is a carbotricyclic compound and diterpene that is tetradecahydrophenanthrene which is substituted by a methylene group at position 1, methyl groups at positions 4b, 7, and 10a, and a vinyl group at position 7 (the 4aS,4bR,7S,8aR,10aS stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a carbotricyclic compound, a diterpene and an olefinic compound. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is anthracene substituted by hydroxy groups at C-3 and C-7 and oxo groups at C-9 and C-10. It has a role as an antimutagen and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an anthracene. 
it is a member of the class of napthalenes that is naphthalene which is substituted by an isopropyl group at positions 2 and 6. It is a plant growth regulator which inhibits the sprouting of potatoes during storage. It has a role as a plant growth retardant and an agrochemical. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N,N'-diethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a methylthio group at position 6. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a methylthio-1,3,5-triazine. 
Hamacanthin A is a member of the class of pyrazines that is 5,6-dihydropyrazin-2(1H)-one substituted at positions 3 and 6 by 6-bromo-1H-indol-3-yl groups. It is an antifungal drug isolated from deep water marine sponge Hamacantha sp. It has a role as a metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is an indole alkaloid, an organobromine compound, a member of pyrazines and a lactam. 
it appears as a water-white liquid. About the same density as water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. it is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent and a member of its. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an EC 4.3.1.15 (diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase) inhibitor and a fundamental metabolite. It is a pyruvate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a L-alpha-amino acid and an it. It is a conjugate base of a L-alaninium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-alaninate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a small non-essential amino acid in humans, it is one of the most widely used for protein construction and is involved in the metabolism of tryptophan and vitamin pyridoxine. it is an important source of energy for muscles and central nervous system, strengthens the immune system, helps in the metabolism of sugars and organic acids, and displays a cholesterol-reducing effect in animals. (NCI04) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Breast Cancer, Metastatic Breast Cancer, Pancreatectomy for Chronic Pancreatitis, Islet Transplantation in Diabetes Mellitus Type 1, and Pancreatic Islet Transplantation in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus. it is an orally available inhibitor of CXC chemokine receptor types 1 (CXCR1) and 2 (CXCR2), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it allosterically binds to CXCR1 and prevents CXCR1 activation by its ligand interleukin 8 (IL-8 or CXCL8). This may cause cancer stem cell (CSC) apoptosis and may inhibit tumor cell progression and metastasis. CXCR1, overexpressed on CSCs, plays a key role in CSC survival and the ability of CSC to self-renew; it is also linked to tumor resistance to chemotherapy. Inhibition of the IL-8/CXCR1 interaction also potentiates the cytotoxic effect of chemotherapeutic agents. In addition, it inhibits CXCR2 activation and may reduce both neutrophil recruitment and vascular permeability during inflammation or injury. 
it is a phorbol ester that is 4-deoxyphorbol in which the hydroxy groups at positions 12 and 13 have been replaced by octa-2,4-dienoyloxy and acetyloxy groups respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a phorbol ester, an acetate ester and a primary allylic alcohol. 
Chlorprothixene is a tertiary amine and a member of thioxanthenes. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, an antiemetic, a sedative, a cholinergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist and a first generation antipsychotic. 
5-fluorouridine 5'-monophosphate is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having 5-fluorouracil as the pyrimidine component. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a uridine 5'-monophosphate. 
it is a semisynthetic penicillase-resistant penicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it (CGS-7525A) was a tetracyclic antidepressant developed in the 1980s. it had noradrenergic and specific serotonergic activity. It antagonised Î±2 adrenergic receptors approximately 10 times more effectively than mianserin, antagonised 5-HT2 receptors, agonised H1 receptors, and did not affect reuptake of serotonin or norepinephrine. Although it reached clinical trials, it was never marketed. 
(alpha-D-Mannosyl)7-beta-D-mannosyl-diacetylchitobiosyl-L-asparagine, isoform b (protein), also known as izoform, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof (alpha-D-Mannosyl)7-beta-D-mannosyl-diacetylchitobiosyl-L-asparagine, isoform b (protein) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a novel aryl diketone with activity against both DNA and RNA viruses. it interacts directly with the poliovirus capsid and prevents uncoating in infected cells. It also inhibits herpes simplex virus type 2 protein synthesis and viral DNA replication by an unknown mechanism of action. 
it is a derivative of phenol which has an acetamido substituent located meta to the phenolic -OH group. It is a non-toxic regioisomer of paracetamol with analgesic properties, but has never been marketed as a drug. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a member of acetamides and a member of phenols. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid that is octacosane in which one of the terminal methyl groups has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and an ultra-long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an octacosanoate. 
it is the tetrahydrate sulfate salt form of spectinomycin, an aminocyclitol aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces spectabilis with bacteriostatic activity. Spectinomycin binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the initiation of protein synthesis and with proper protein elongation. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it is a carbotricyclic compound that is tricyclo[6.3.1.0(2,5)]dodecane which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and by methyl groups at positions 4, 4, and 8 (the 1S,2R,5S,8R-diastereoisomer). It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a small-molecule 3-aminopyrazole derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the Aurora kinases, which may result in cell growth arrest and apoptosis in tumor cells in which Aurora kinases are overexpressed. This agent may preferentially bind to and inhibit Aurora B kinase. Aurora kinases, a family of serine-threonine kinases, are important regulators of cellular proliferation and division. 
it is a N-arylpiperazine that is piperazine substituted by a 3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl group at position 1. A serotonergic agonist used as a recreational drug. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a psychotropic drug and a serotonergic agonist. It is a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a N-arylpiperazine. 
it is an organic chloride salt having tetrazolium blue(1+) as the counterion. It has a role as a dye. It contains a tetrazolium blue(2+). 
it, also known as sulfate, chondroitin or blutal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glucuronides. These are glucuronides in which the aglycone is linked to the carbohydrate unit through an O-glycosidic bond. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, chondroitin sulfate is primarily located in the cytoplasm and myelin sheath. 
it, also known as fema 2354, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, banana, and fruity taste. 
it is a monovalent inorganic cation, a monoatomic monocation and an alkali metal cation. it is a monovalent cation that is metabolized much like sodium and is important in many cellular functions inside or on the surface of cells. 
Xanthorrhizol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Xanthorrhizol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, xanthorrhizol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xanthorrhizol can be found in beverages, ginger, herbs and spices, and root vegetables. This makes xanthorrhizol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, or BM 21.0955, is a third generation, nitrogen containing bisphosphonate similar to [zoledronic acid], [minodronic acid], and [risedronic acid]. It is used to prevent and treat postmenopausal osteoporosis. it was first described in the literature in 1993 as a treatment for bone loss in dogs.  it was granted FDA approval on 16 May 2003. it is a third-generation amino-bisphosphonate with anti-resorptive and anti-hypercalcemic activities. it binds to and adsorbs onto the surface of hydroxyapatite crystals in the bone matrix, thereby preventing osteoclast resorption. This agent also inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, an enzyme involved in the mevalonate pathway. Inhibition of this enzyme prevents the formation of isoprenoids, thereby leading to a reduction in the farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of signaling proteins of G protein-coupled signaling, and, eventually, inducing apoptosis of osteoclasts. By inhibiting osteoclast-mediated bone resorption, it increases bone mineral density, decreases bone remodeling and turnover, as well as reduces bone pain. 
A strong dibasic acid with the molecular formula H2SeO4. Included under this heading is the acid form, and inorganic salts of dihydrogen selenium tetraoxide. 
it is a member of the class of polyoxins that is isolated from the soil organism Streptomyces cacaoi var. asoensis. it exhibits fungicidal properties and may be used on rice, industrial grounds, golf courses and parks. It has a role as an EC 2.4.1.16 (chitin synthase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a polyoxin and an antibiotic fungicide. 
it is a methyl 2-(4-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoate that has R configuration. It is a proherbicide (by hydrolysis of the methyl ester) for the herbicide haloxyfop-P, the most active enantiomer of the racemic herbicide haloxyfop. It has a role as a proherbicide, an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from a haloxyfop-P. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-haloxyfop-methyl. 
(3beta, 5alpha, 6beta, 24R)-Stigmastane-3, 5, 6-triol, also known as 5-alpha-stigmastane-3beta-5, 6beta-triol-3-monobenzoate or (3Î², 5Î±, 6Î², 24R)-stigmastane-3, 5, 6-triol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stigmastanes and derivatives. These are sterol lipids with a structure based on the stigmastane skeleton, which consists of a cholestane moiety bearing an ethyl group at the carbon atom C24. Thus, (3beta, 5alpha, 6beta, 24R)-stigmastane-3, 5, 6-triol is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule (3beta, 5alpha, 6beta, 24R)-Stigmastane-3, 5, 6-triol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral (3beta, 5alpha, 6beta, 24R)-Stigmastane-3, 5, 6-triol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (3beta, 5alpha, 6beta, 24R)-stigmastane-3, 5, 6-triol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an N-alkylpyrrolidine that is acrivastine in which the pyridine ring is lacking the propenoic acid substituent. It is a sedating antihistamine that is used (generally as the monohydrochloride monohydrate) for the relief of the symptoms of uticaria, rhinitis, and various pruritic skin disorders. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a member of pyridines and an olefinic compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
7-hydroxy-8-[(E)-phenyldiazenyl]naphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid carrying additional hydroxy and phenyldiazenyl substituents at positions 7 and 8 respectively. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'orange G'. It is a member of azobenzenes, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of naphthols. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-hydroxy-8-[(E)-phenyldiazenyl]naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point of 120Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
Nalmefene is an opiate receptor antagonist which is used to treat acute opioid overdose and to help in the management of alcohol dependence and addictive behaviors. Nalmefene has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to clinically apparent liver injury. it is the hydrochloride salt form of nalmefene, a naltrexone analogue with opioid antagonistic property. Nalmefene antagonizes the effects of opioids by competing for the opioid receptors in the CNS. This results in reversal of the effects of the opioids, including reversal of analgesia, euphoria, respiratory depression, hypotension, sedation and physical dependence. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside, a furonaphthodioxole and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It derives from a podophyllotoxin and a 4'-demethylepipodophyllotoxin. it is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin, a substance extracted from the mandrake root Podophyllum peltatum. Possessing potent antineoplastic properties, it binds to and inhibits topoisomerase II and its function in ligating cleaved DNA molecules, resulting in the accumulation of single- or double-strand DNA breaks, the inhibition of DNA replication and transcription, and apoptotic cell death. it acts primarily in the G2 and S phases of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in potato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an optically active form of it having (2R,3R)-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a it. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
it is an organic heterocyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, a member of 3-pyrones, a cyclic ether, a triol and an anhydrohexose. 
it, also known as citronellyl a-toluic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, citronellyl alpha-toluate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, fresh, and honey taste. 
Ceftazidime is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftazidime binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftazidime is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftazidine also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). it is an anhydrous form of ceftazidime, a third-generation, beta-lactam, cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. 
1-O-(alpha-D-galactosyl)-N-hexacosanoylphytosphingosine is a glycophytoceramide having an alpha-D-galactosyl residue at the O-1 position and a hexacosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an epitope, an antigen, an immunological adjuvant and an allergen. It derives from an alpha-D-galactose. 
it is the potassium salt of diclofenac. It contains a diclofenac(1-). it is the potassium salt form of diclofenac, a benzene acetic acid derivate and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory activity. it is a non-selective reversible and competitive inhibitor of cyclooxygenase (COX), subsequently blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandin precursors. This leads to an inhibition of the formation of prostaglandins that are involved in pain, inflammation and fever. 
Potent activator of the adenylate cyclase system and the biosynthesis of cyclic AMP. From the plant Coleus forskohlii. Has antihypertensive, positive inotropic, platelet aggregation inhibitory, and smooth muscle relaxant activities; also lowers intraocular pressure and promotes release of hormones from the pituitary gland. 
[N-(4-cyanophenyl)-N'-(diphenylmethyl)guanidine]acetic acid is a trisubstituted guanidine, carrying 4-cyanophenyl, diphenylmethyl and carboxymethyl substituents, which is known to act as a highly potent sweetening agent. It has a role as an epitope and a sweetening agent. It is a glycine derivative and a member of guanidines. 
it is a maleate salt resulting from the reaction of tris and maleic acid in the molar ratio tris:maleic acid = 2:1. It has a role as a buffer. It contains a member of Htris. 
it, turnings or gritty powder appears as a gray metallic solid. Specific gravity 6.78. Turnings or gritty powder. Contact may burn skin, eyes or mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
A tetracyclic compound with antidepressant effects. It may cause drowsiness and hematological problems. Its mechanism of therapeutic action is not well understood, although it apparently blocks alpha-adrenergic, histamine H1, and some types of serotonin receptors. 
it is a disaccharide consisting of alpha-L-rhamnose and beta-D-glucose linked via a 1->2 glycosidic bond. It has a role as a metabolite. 
Nonene appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sharp odor. Flash point 75Â°F. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. May irritate skin on contact. Inhalation of vapors may cause irritation. Prolonged inhalation may lead to breathing difficulty. Ingestion causes abdominal discomfort, nausea and diarrhea. 
it[iso2], also known as 1, 2-dilaurin or 1, 2-didodecanoylglycerol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2-diacylglycerols. These are diacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at positions 1 and 2. Thus, it[iso2] is considered to be a diradylglycerol lipid molecule. it[iso2] is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it[iso2] is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an alkanesulfonate in which the alkyl group directly linked to the sulfonate functionality is ethyl. It is a conjugate base of an ethanesulfonic acid. 
One of the SCHISTOSOMICIDES, it has been replaced largely by HYCANTHONE and more recently PRAZIQUANTEL. (From Martindale The Extrapharmacopoeia, 30th ed., p46) 
it is a methylthio-1,3,5-triazine that is 2-(methylsulfanyl)-1,3,5-triazine substituted by a tert-butylamino and an ethylamino group at positions 2 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a herbicide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a methylthio-1,3,5-triazine and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a small-molecule pyridylsulfonamide inhibitor of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits PI3K in the PI3K/mTOR signaling pathway, which may trigger the translocation of cytosolic Bax to the mitochondrial outer membrane, increasing mitochondrial membrane permeability and inducing apoptotic cell death. Bax is a member of the proapoptotic Bcl2 family of proteins. PI3K, often overexpressed in cancer cells, plays a crucial role in tumor cell regulation and survival. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an anti-asthmatic drug and an anti-allergic agent. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of palmitic acid with the primary amino group of 2-amino-3-(morpholin-4-yl)-1-phenylpropan-1-ol. It is a fatty amide, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound, a member of morpholines and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Contact may cause irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. it is a vinylarene that is benzene carrying a vinyl group. It has been isolated from the benzoin resin produced by Styrax species. It has a role as a mutagen, a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a vinylarene, an acyclic olefin, a volatile organic compound and a member of its. 
it appears as orange-red thin needles. Aqueous solutions yellow-orange at acid pHs, orange-red at neutral pHs, and violet blue over pH 9. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt of doxorubicin, an anthracycline antibiotic with antineoplastic activity. Doxorubicin, isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces peucetius var. caesius, is the hydroxylated congener of daunorubicin. Doxorubicin intercalates between base pairs in the DNA helix, thereby preventing DNA replication and ultimately inhibiting protein synthesis. Additionally, doxorubicin inhibits topoisomerase II which results in an increased and stabilized cleavable enzyme-DNA linked complex during DNA replication and subsequently prevents the ligation of the nucleotide strand after double-strand breakage. Doxorubicin also forms oxygen free radicals resulting in cytotoxicity secondary to lipid peroxidation of cell membrane lipids; the formation of oxygen free radicals also contributes to the toxicity of the anthracycline antibiotics, namely the cardiac and cutaneous vascular effects. 
2-methyl-1,4-phenylenediamine is a diamine in which the two amino groups are substituted into toluene at the 2- and 5-positions. It has a role as an allergen. It derives from a hydride of a toluene. 
it is a but-2-enoic acid having a cis- double bond at C-2. It is a conjugate acid of an isocrotonate. 
it is an organic nitrate with vasodilator activity. it relaxes vascular smooth muscle by formation of the free radical nitric oxide (NO), which is identical to the endothelium-derived relaxing factor (EDRF). NO activates guanylyl cyclase, thereby increasing the synthesis of cGMP within smooth muscle. Elevated cGMP levels in smooth muscle activate cGMP-dependent kinase activity that leads to release of sequestered Ca2+. In turn, free Ca+ triggers dephosphorylation of light chain myosin and relaxation of peripheral arteries and veins. In addition it relaxes coronary arteries, thereby increasing the blood circulation through the ischemic area. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow liquid with a pungent odor. It is combustible and has a flash point of 145Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrophenanthrenes. These are a phenanthrene derivative where at least one ring CC bond is substituted by hydrogenation. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 3,7-bis(dimethylamino)-4-nitrophenothiazin-5-ium as the counterion. It stains nuclei green and is sometimes used as a counterstain to red or purple primary stains. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a 3,7-bis(dimethylamino)-4-nitrophenothiazin-5-ium. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 2,6-dichloro-3-methylphenyl group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it is used as the sodium salt for the treatment of dysmenorrhoea (painful periods), osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antirheumatic drug, an antineoplastic agent, an anticonvulsant, an analgesic, an antipyretic, an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is an aminobenzoic acid, a secondary amino compound and an organochlorine compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a glycal derivative that is 1,5-anhydro-2-deoxy-D-arabino-hex-1-enitol substituted by an acetylamino group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a glycal derivative and a member of acetamides. 
it is a hexadecanoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of hexadecaoic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of ethylene glycol It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a primary alcohol. It derives from an ethylene glycol. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. May polymerize if contaminated or subjected to heat. If polymerization take place inside a container, the container may violently rupture. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is a heptitol that is heptane-1,2,3,4,5,6,7-heptol that has R-configuration at positions 2, 3, 5 and 6. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is the predominant form of mammalian vasopressin (antidiuretic hormone). It is a nonapeptide containing an arginine at residue 8 and two disulfide-linked cysteines at residues of 1 and 6. It has a role as a cardiovascular drug, a hematologic agent and a mitogen. it is a synthetic peptide identical to the endogenous nonapeptide hormone with antidiuretic property. Synthesized in the hypothalamus and stored/released from the posterior lobe of the pituitary, it's primary function is regulating extracellular fluid volume. This agent can also act as a vasoconstrictor, increasing blood pressure and systemic vascular resistance. 
Phosphonate(1-) is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of one of the two OH groups in phosphonic acid. It is a phosphorus oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonate(2-). 
it is a phenol that is a natural monoterpene derivative of cymene. It has a role as a volatile oil component. It is a member of phenols and a monoterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a p-cymene. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-leucine and L-alanine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-alanine. 
Decylamine-N,N-dimethyl-N-oxide is a tertiary amine oxide that is the N-oxide of N,N-dimethyldecan-1-amine. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 
it is a white-colored crystalline solid. It is insoluble in water. It is highly flammable and when ignited will give off irritating fumes. It may be toxic by ingestion and is very irritating to skin and eyes. It is used to make other chemicals. 
it is a succinate salt obtained by reaction of sumatriptan with one equivalent of succinic acid. Selective agonist for a vascular 5-HT1 receptor subtype (probably a member of the 5-HT1D family). Used for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist and a vasoconstrictor agent. It contains a sumatriptan(1+). it is the succinate salt form of sumatriptan, a member of the triptan class of compounds with anti-migraine property. it selectively binds to and activates serotonin 5-HT1 receptors. This results in constriction of meningeal, dural, cerebral or pial blood vessels via stimulation of the 5-HT1B receptors, thereby reducing the vascular pulsation and may provide relief in migraine headaches. Furthermore, agonistic action of this agent through presynaptic stimulation of 5-HT1D and/or 5-HT1F receptors prevents release of vasoactive and pro-inflammatory neuropeptide (calcitonin gene-related peptide), thereby may also relieve migraine headaches. In addition, central inhibition of pain transmission via the inhibition of trigeminal neurons in the brain stems and upper spinal cord mediated by 5-HT1B, 5-HT1D or 5-HT 1F receptors also aides in the alleviation of migraine pain. 
it is the carbamate ester of the primary hydroxy group of chlorphenesin. A centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant, it is used in the symptomatic treatment of painful muscle spasm. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. It is a carbamate ester, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a chlorphenesin and a carbamic acid. 
it is an isocyanate that consists of phenyl isocyanate bearing two additional methyl substituents at positions 2 and 5. It has a role as a hapten. 
it appears as white crystals. Insoluble in water. Used as an herbicide. Ethyl 2-{4-[(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoate is an ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-{4-[(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoic acid with ethanol. It is an ethyl ester, an organochlorine compound, a quinoxaline derivative and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 2-{4-[(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoic acid. 
it is an organosulfinate that is the conjugate base of benzenesulfinic acid obtained by deprotonation of the sulfinic acid group. It is a conjugate base of a benzenesulfinic acid. 
Arginyl-lysine, also known as it or arg-lys, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Arginyl-lysine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Quizalofop-P-tefuryl is a tetrahydrofurylmethyl ester resulting from the formyl condensation of the carboxy group of quizalofop-P with the hydroxy group of tetrahydrofurfuryl alcohol. It has a role as a proherbicide and an agrochemical. It is a quinoxaline herbicide, a tetrahydrofurylmethyl ester, an aromatic ether and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a quizalofop-P and a tetrahydrofurfuryl alcohol. 
Chloromethylisothiazolinone is a 1,2-thiazole that is 4-isothiazolin-3-one bearing a methyl group on the nitrogen atom and a chlorine at C-5. It is a powerful biocide and preservative and is the major active ingredient in the commercial product Kathon(TM). It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a member of 1,2-thiazoles and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a methylisothiazolinone. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as an androgen antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. it is a toluidine derivative and a nonsteroidal antiandrogen that is structurally related to bicalutamide and nilutamide. it and its more potent active metabolite 2-hydroxyit competitively block dihydrotestosterone binding at androgen receptors, forming inactive complexes which cannot translocate into the cell nucleus. Formation of inactive receptors inhibits androgen-dependent DNA and protein synthesis, resulting in tumor cell growth arrest or transient tumor regression. (NCI04) 
it, [anhydrous] appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Noncombustible. Toxic by inhalation. Denser than water. Corrosive to metal and tissue. 
2,3-epoxysqualene is a squalene triterpenoid obtained by formal epoxidation across the 2,3 C=C bond of squalene. It is an epoxide and a squalene triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a squalene. 
it, also known as haca CPD or epsilon-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a methylguanine in which the methyl group is positioned on the oxygen at position 6. Formed in DNA by alkylation of the oxygen atom of guanine, most often by N-nitroso compounds and sometimes due to methylation by other compounds such as endogenous S-adenosylmethionine, it base-pairs to thymine rather than cytidine, causing a G:C to A:T transition in DNA. It has a role as a mutagen. 
it is a white powder. Slightly soluble in water. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. Used as an insecticide and germicide. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls are mixtures of up to 209 individual chlorinated compounds (known as congeners). There are no known natural sources of PCBs. PCBs are either oily liquids or solids that are colorless to light yellow. Some PCBs can exist as a vapor in air. PCBs have no known smell or taste. Many commercial PCB mixtures are known in the U. S. by the trade name Aroclor. PCBs have been used as coolants and lubricants in transformers, capacitors, and other electrical equipment because they don't burn easily and are good insulators. The manufacture of PCBs was stopped in the U. S. in 1977 because of evidence they build up in the environment and can cause harmful health effects. Products made before 1977 that may contain PCBs include old fluorescent lighting fixtures and electrical devices containing PCB capacitors, and old microscope and hydraulic oils. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2-Propenyl 2-furancarboxylate, also known as 2-furoic acid, allyl ester or 2-propen-1-yl 2-furoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. 2-Propenyl 2-furancarboxylate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-propenyl 2-furancarboxylate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Propenyl 2-furancarboxylate has a caramel, fruity, and jam taste. 
First synthesized by Janssen Pharmaceuticals in 1955, cinnarizine is an anti-histaminic drug mainly used for the control of vestibular disorders and motion sickness. Cinnarizine is a specific calcium channel blocker that primarily works on the central vestibular system to interfere with the signal transmission between vestibular apparatus of the inner ear and the vomiting centre of the hypothalamus. Cinnarizine could be also viewed as a nootropic drug because of its vasorelaxating abilities (due to calcium channel blockage), which happen mostly in brain. Combination use of cinnarizine with other nootropics, such as [piracetam] resulted in enhanced effect of boosting brain oxygen supply. 
it is a tryptamine alkaloid that is N,N-dimethyltryptamine carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 4. A hallucinogenic alkaloid isolated in trace amounts from Psilocybe mushrooms (also known as Teonanacatl or \ 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid comprising glutaric acid having oxo- and hydroxy substituents at the 2- and 4-positions respectively. It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-2-oxoglutarate(1-). 
it is a glutamic acid derivative that is L-glutamic acid with a methyl and a hydroxy group replacing the two hydrogens at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, an amino dicarboxylic acid and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is dianion of deamido-NAD(+) arising from deprotonation of phosphate and carboxylic acid functions. It is a conjugate base of a deamido-NAD zwitterion. 
it appears as a yellow crystalline solid. Used to make pigments for paints and inks, other chemicals, and as a wood preservative. it is an inorganic sodium salt consisting of sodium and chromate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an oxidising agent, a poison and a diagnostic agent. It contains a chromate(2-). 
it is the isethionate salt of mivobulin, a synthetic colchicine analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to tubulin, thereby inhibiting microtubule polymerization and mitosis. 
Prolyl-valine, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Prolyl-valine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid and a phytoecdysteroid. 
it, also known as karan or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a halide anion and a monoatomic fluorine. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it. Considered a trace element, it is any combination of elements containing the fluorine atom in the -1 oxidation state (it). Due to its reactivity, fluorine is found in nature as fluorine compounds or its. it inhibits various enzyme systems, erythrocyte glycolysis and binds Ca++, causing anticoagulation and other toxic effects. In addition, it is a mitogen for osteoblasts and stimulates bone formation. (NCI) 
it is a member of the class of phenylacetaldehydes that is phenylacetaldehyde in which a hydrogen alpha to the aldehyde carbonyl group has been replaced by a methyl group. The major species at pH 7.3. 
An inactive metabolite of PROGESTERONE by reduction at C5, C3, and C20 position. Pregnanediol has two hydroxyl groups, at 3-alpha and 20-alpha. It is detectable in URINE after OVULATION and is found in great quantities in the pregnancy urine. 
it is the epoxide formed from cholest-5-ene by formal addition of oxygen across the 5,6 double bond with beta-configuration at both C-5 and C-6. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it is the prednisolone ester of chlorambucil and nitrogen mustard alkylating agent with antineoplastic activity. it itself is not cytotoxic, however, it becomes cytotoxic upon hydrolysis by serum esterases to chlorambucil. Therefore, the increased potency of it is linked to the prolonged availability of free chlorambucil. 
it (anhydrous) is an organic sodium salt. It contains a meclofenamic acid(1-). it is the sodium salt form of meclofenamate, an anthranilic acid and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic activities. it inhibits the activity of the enzymes cyclo-oxygenase I and II, resulting in decreased formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes. The resulting decrease in prostaglandin synthesis, by prostaglandin synthase, is responsible for the therapeutic effects of it. it also causes a decrease in the formation of thromboxane A2 synthesis, by thromboxane synthase, thereby inhibiting platelet aggregation. 
it is the (R)-(+)-enantiomer of bupivacaine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a levobupivacaine. 
it is a member of the class of piperidines carrying two aryl substituents (4-chlorophenyl and 4-(pyrazol-4-yl)phenyl) at position 4. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of pyrazoles, a member of piperidines and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
3-(2-Methylpropanoyloxy)-8-(2-methylbutanoyloxy)-9, 10-epoxy-p-mentha-1, 3, 5-triene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. 3-(2-Methylpropanoyloxy)-8-(2-methylbutanoyloxy)-9, 10-epoxy-p-mentha-1, 3, 5-triene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-(2-methylpropanoyloxy)-8-(2-methylbutanoyloxy)-9, 10-epoxy-p-mentha-1, 3, 5-triene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3-(2-methylpropanoyloxy)-8-(2-methylbutanoyloxy)-9, 10-epoxy-p-mentha-1, 3, 5-triene can be found in fats and oils. This makes 3-(2-methylpropanoyloxy)-8-(2-methylbutanoyloxy)-9, 10-epoxy-p-mentha-1, 3, 5-triene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Etorphine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Move Free is a proprietary line of multi-ingredient dietary supplements (MIDS) marketed as aids for joint health and â€œto help ease joint discomfort, maintain strength and flexibility and help support and nourish cartilageâ€. The major ingredients in the products include glucosamine, it, hyaluronic acid and methylsufonylmethane (MSM). There have been several reports of clinically apparent liver injury in patients taking Move Free products; however, the specific ingredient(s) in the various products that might cause liver injury has not been identified and these ingredients may no longer be included in currently available products. 
it is an it. It derives from a nicotinic acid. it is a niacin formulation that contains no free niacin, but can be hydrolyzed to release free niacin in vivo. Use of inositol niacinate is associated with less flushing than that seen with the use of free niacin. 
it is an octasaccharide derivative that is gamma-cyclodextrin in which all eight primary hydroxy groups are replaced by 2-(carboxyethyl)sulfanyl groups. Used (as the octasodium salt) for reversal of neuromuscular blockade induced by rocuronium and vecuronium in adults undergoing surgery. It has a role as a neuromuscular agent. It is an octasaccharide derivative and an organic sulfide. It derives from a gamma-cyclodextrin. It is a conjugate acid of a sugammadex(8-). 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-alanyl and L-glutamine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. Alanylglutamine is a nutritional supplement containing a stable, water-soluble dipeptide comprised of the amino acids L-glutamine and L-alanine, with potential protective and absorption enhancing activities. Upon oral or enteral administration, alanylglutamine works locally in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract to both protect the integrity of the intestinal mucosa and maintain intestinal barrier functions. This reduces bacterial translocation, the risk of infection, infection-induced inflammatory damage and infection-associated symptoms, such as diarrhea, dehydration, malabsorption and electrolyte imbalances. Alanylglutamine also increases absorption of other chemicals, enhances epithelial repair, and inhibits apoptosis due to cellular damage, and stimulates cellular proliferation. Altogether, this improves absorption of nutrients, decreases weight loss, reduces diarrhea, decreases the risk of GI-associated infections and improves recovery. Upon absorption, alanylglutamine may also help inhibit muscle protein catabolism. 
it, 9ci, also known as fema 3155 or pyrazine, 3-ethyl-2-methyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it, 9ci is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it, 9CI is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it, 9ci is a bread, corn, and earthy tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products, eggs, fenugreek, and potato. This makes it, 9CI a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is cyclohexene substituted at position 1 by a nitro group. It is a C-nitro compound and a carbocyclic compound. 
it is a lignan that consists of 1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7, hydroxymethyl groups at positions 2 and 3, a methoxy group at position 6 and a 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl group at position 1. It has been isolated from Taxus yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a pentol, a polyphenol and a primary alcohol. 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is 3,3-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butane-1,2-diol substituted at position O1 by a 4-chlorophenyl group. A fungicide for cereals, beet and brassicas used to control a range of diseases including powdery mildew, rusts, bunts and smuts. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic metabolite and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a conazole fungicide, a triazole fungicide, a secondary alcohol and a hemiaminal ether. 
it is an anthocyanidin cation that is delphinidin carrying methyl substituents at positions 3' and 5'. It has a role as a biological pigment and a metabolite. It derives from a delphinidin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it polyanion is the conjugate base of dermatan sulfate, obtained by deprotonation of carboxy and sulfate groups. It is a monocarboxylic acid anion, an organosulfate oxoanion and a polyanionic polymer. It is a conjugate base of a dermatan sulfate. 
it is a naphthalenecarboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of 4-cyano-1-methoxynaphthalene-2-carboxylic acid with the primary amino group of 1-(1-butylpyrrolidin-2-yl]methanamine. It is a highly potent, competitive, preferential dopamine D3 receptor antagonist, centrally active upon systemic administration. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a tertiary amino compound, a nitrile, a naphthalenecarboxamide, a member of pyrrolidines and an aromatic ether. 
Ouabain appears as odorless, white crystals or crystalline powder as an octahydrate. Used to produce rapid digitalization in acute congestive heart failure. Also recommended in treatment of atrial or nodal paroxysmal tachycardia and atrial flutter. (EPA, 1998) 
2-(2-amino-3-methoxyphenyl)chromen-4-one is a member of the class of monomethoxyflavones that is 3'-methoxyflavone bearing an additional amino substituent at position 2' It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a monomethoxyflavone and an aromatic amine. 
it, also known as it or vitamin e-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as vitamin e compounds. These are a group of fat-soluble compounds containing or derived either from a tocopherol or a tocotrienol skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a water-soluble amphipathic formulation of d-alpha-tocopherol succinate coupled, through a succinate linker, to polyethylene glycol (PEG) 1000. Due to its amphipathic property in which it forms its own micelles, it is easily taken up into enterocytes, even in the absence of bile salts; fat soluble d-alpha-tocopherol is then released after hydrolysis. This formulation enhances the absorption of d-alpha-tocopherol compared to the administration of free d-alpha-tocopherol. In addition, it may enhance the absorption of water-insoluble agents and other fat-soluble vitamins. 
it, also known as BN52021 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ginkgolides and bilobalides. These are diterpene lactones with a structure based either on the gingkolide or the bilobalide skeleton. The ginkgolide skeleton is a very rigid structure consisting of hexacyclic C20 trilactone. The cis-fused F/A/D/C ring junction forms an empty semi-ball hole, the D ring contains a cage form tetrahydrofuran ring which occupies the center of the empty hole, and the oxygen atoms of the D, C and F ring and 10-hydroxyl group consist of an analogous crown ether structure. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ginkgolide b is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as white granular solid. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion and the rupturing of the containers. 
it is a glucopyranose having D-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it and a glucopyranose. 
it is a colorless viscous oily liquid with a weak unpleasant odor. (NTP, 1992) Diethyl 2-[(dimethoxyphosphoryl)thio]succinate is a diester that is diethyl succinate in which position 2 is substituted by a (dimethoxyphosphoryl)thio group. It is a diester, an ethyl ester and an organic thiophosphate. 
it is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid that is nonanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It derives from a nonanoic acid. 
it is a nucleoside triphosphate(4-) obtained by global deprotonation of the triphosphate OH groups of GTP; major species present at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a GTP(3-). 
it is a recombinant phenylalanine ammonia lyase (PAL) enzyme derived from Anabaena variabilis that converts phenylalanine to ammonia and trans-cinnamic acid. Both the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and European Medicines Agency approved it-pqpz in May 2018 for the treatment of adult patients with phenylketonuria (PKU). Phenylketonuria is a rare autosomal recessive disorder that is characterized by deficiency of the enzyme phenylalanine hydroxylase (PAH) and affects about 1 in 10,000 to 15,000 people in the United States. PAH deficiency and inability to break down an amino acid phenylalanine (Phe) leads to elevated blood phenylalanine concentrations and accumulation of neurotoxic Phe in the brain, causing chronic intellectual, neurodevelopmental and psychiatric disabilities if untreated. Individuals with PKU also need to be under a strictly restricted diet as Phe is present in foods and products with high-intensity sweeteners. The primary goal of lifelong treatment of PKU, as recommended by the American College of Medical Genetics and Genomics (ACMG) guidelines, is to maintain blood Phe concentration in the range of 120 Âµmol/L to 3690 Âµmol/L. it-pqpz, or PEGylated it, is used as a novel enzyme substitution therapy and is marketed as Palynziq for subcutanoues injection. It is advantageous over currently available management therapies for PKU, such as [DB00360], that are ineffective to many patients due to long-term adherence issues or inadequate Phe-lowering effects. The presence of a PEG moiety in it-pqpz allows a reduced immune response and improved pharmacodynamic stability. 
it is a organic heterotetracyclic compound that is a red pigment obtained from the wood of Caesalpinia echinata (Brazil-wood) or Caesalpinia sappan (sappan-wood). It has a role as a plant metabolite, a histological dye, an antineoplastic agent, a biological pigment, an anti-inflammatory agent, an apoptosis inducer, an antioxidant, an antibacterial agent, a NF-kappaB inhibitor and a hepatoprotective agent. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of catechols and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a monohydroxyanthraquinone that is 9,10-anthraquinone in which the hydrogens at positions 1 and 2 are replaced by a hydroxy and an allyl group, respectively. It has a role as an EC 1.4.1.3 {glutamate dehydrogenase [NAD(P)(+)]} inhibitor. 
O-it is an O-acylcarnitine having acetyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate base of an O-acetylcarnitinium. 
2, 6-Dimethoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone, also known as 2, 6-dimethoxyquinone or 2, 6-dimethoxysemiquinone radicals, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-benzoquinones. These are benzoquinones where the two C=O groups are attached at the 1- and 4-positions, respectively. 2, 6-Dimethoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 6-dimethoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone can be found in common wheat and green vegetables. This makes 2, 6-dimethoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as N-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-isothiocyanatopentane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a green tasting compound that can be found in brassicas. This makes 1-isothiocyanatopentane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as EPB, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in anise. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the mesylate salt of gemifloxacin. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a topoisomerase IV inhibitor. It contains a gemifloxacin. it is the mesylate salt form of gemifloxacin, a synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone with antibacterial activity. it inhibits activities of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and eventually bacterial growth. This fluoroquinolone exerts an enhanced spectrum of activity against gram-positive bacteria such as Streptococcus pneumoniae and Staphylococcus aureus, in addition to its activity against gram-negative bacteria. 
it is an extended quinone obtained by formal autoxidation of 2,3,6-trihydroxypyridine. It has a role as a biological pigment. It derives from a 2,3,6-trihydroxypyridine. It is a conjugate acid of a nicotine blue(2-). 
it is a 7 amino acid peptide used to treat hypoactive sexual desire disorder in premenopausal women. it does not interact with alcohol. The mechanism by which it's action on receptors translates to a clinical effect is still unknown.  it was first described in the literature in 2003 when it was known by the investigational code it. Since then it was investigated for its place in treating sexual dysfunction in men and women but is now only indicated for women. Other drugs used to treat female sexual dysfunction include [flibanserin], [estrogen], [ospemifene], and [prasterone].  it was granted FDA approval on 21 June 2019. 
it is the stable isotope of beryllium with relative atomic mass 9.012182, 100 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 3/2. 
it, also known as orchidee or sanfoin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-hydroxybenzoic acid esters. These are benzoic acid esters where the benzene ring is ortho-substituted with a hydroxy group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a bitter, floral, and herbal tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a faint petroleum-like odor. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its vapor pressure. For transportation it may be stenched. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Easily ignited. The vapors are heavier than air and a flame can flash back to the source of leak very easily. The leak may be either a liquid or vapor leak. The vapors can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is an alkane and a gas molecular entity. It has a role as a food propellant. 
it is a streptomycin phosphate having the phosphate group placed at the 3''-position. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
4-Methyl-2,5-dimethoxyamphetamine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point of 110Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a hydroxyether that is ethanol substituted by a methoxy group at position 2. It has a role as a protic solvent and a solvent. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is pinocembrin attached to a 2-O-(6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a flavanone glycoside, a monohydroxyflavanone, a neohesperidoside, a disaccharide derivative and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a pinocembrin. 
it is an oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 2-oxobutanoic acid in which both of the hydrogens at position 3 are substituted by methyl groups and one of the hydrogens at position 4 is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a pantoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it, also known as it or alsa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-hydrogen aldehydes. These are aldehydes with the general formula HC(H)(R)C(=O)H, where R is an organyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside compound having 5-iodouracil as the nucleobase; used as an antiviral agent. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside and an organoiodine compound. it is an iodinated analogue of deoxyuridine, with antiviral activity against herpes simplex virus (HSV) and potential radiosensitizing activities. Upon ocular administration, it (IUdR) is converted to its mono-, di-, and triphosphate forms, is incorporated into DNA and disrupts viral replication. Upon oral administration of the it prodrug ropit and hepatic conversion by aldehyde oxidase into it, this agent incorporates into DNA and sensitizes cells to ionizing radiation by increasing DNA strand breaks. 
it is an alkanesulfonate that is obtained by removal of a proton from the sulfonic acid group of propane-2-sulfonic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic. It is a conjugate base of a propane-2-sulphonic acid. 
it appears as a colorless to pale yellow liquid with a pleasant odor. Less dense than water . Flash point 111Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make nylon, as a chemical reaction medium, and as a solvent. it is a cyclic ketone that consists of cyclohexane bearing a single oxo substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as yellow crystals. Golden liquid with many crystals at 68Â°F. (NTP, 1992) it is a nitrosamine that is morpholine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a nitroso group. A carcinogen and mutagen, it is found in snuff tobacco. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a mutagen. it is a yellow, crystalline nitrosamine that is sensitive to light. it is not used or produced commercially in the US. This substance has been found as a contaminant in rubber products, including rubber nipples for baby bottles, and is also found in several vegetables, cheeses, alcoholic beverages and fruits. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
Tryptamine substituted with two hydroxyl groups in positions 5 and 6. It is a neurotoxic serotonin analog that destroys serotonergic neurons preferentially and is used in neuropharmacologic research. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic with activity against Neisseria gonorrhoeae, Chlamydia trachomatis, Ureaplasma urealyticum and Mycoplasma hominis. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative, an enone, an epoxide and an aldehyde. 
it is an amino acid amide that is L-leucine in which the carboxy OH group is replaced by NH2. It is an amino acid amide and a L-leucine derivative. 
it IXalpha is a member of the class of biladienes that is a linear tetrapyrrole with the dipyrrole units being of both exovinyl and endovinyl type. A product of heme degradation, it is produced in the reticuloendothelial system by the reduction of biliverdin and transported to the liver as a complex with serum albumin. It has a role as an antioxidant, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of biladienes and a dicarboxylic acid. It contains a 24G7 epitope. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a dark orange, yellow pigment that is the product of the breakdown of iron in the blood; it is conjugated in the liver and excreted in the bile. 
it is an L-threonine derivative obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-({4-[(morpholin-4-yl)methyl]phenyl}ethynyl)benzoic acid with the amino group of N-hydroxy-L-threoninamide. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis inhibitor and an EC 3.5.1.108 (UDP-3-O-acyl-N-acetylglucosamine deacetylase) inhibitor. It is an acetylenic compound, a member of morpholines, a member of benzamides, a L-threonine derivative and a hydroxamic acid. 
it is an androstane-3,17-diol that is 5alpha-androstane substituted by beta-hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 17. It is a metabolite of dihydrotestosterone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and an androstane-3,17-diol. 
Artemisinin is an ancient Chinese herbal therapy for malarial fevers which has been recently found to have potent activity against many forms of malarial organisms, including chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium falciparum. Several artemisinin derivatives have been developed for clinical use in prevention and treatment of malaria, some of which have been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. 
A polyether antibiotic which affects ion transport and ATPase activity in mitochondria. It is produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder. Bitter taste. pH (saturated solution in water): 5.5-7. (NTP, 1992) it is a dimethylxanthine having the two methyl groups located at positions 3 and 7. A purine alkaloid derived from the cacao plant, it is found in chocolate, as well as in a number of other foods, and is a vasodilator, diuretic and heart stimulator. It has a role as an adenosine receptor antagonist, a food component, a plant metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a vasodilator agent and a bronchodilator agent. 
it is a 34 amino acid synthetic analog of human parathyroid hormone-related protein (PTHrP) (PTHrP(1-34) analog), with bone-growing and bone density conserving activities. Upon subcutaneous administration, abaloparatide acts similar to PTHrP and targets, binds to and activates parathyroid hormone 1 (PTH1) receptor (PTH1R), a G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) expressed in osteoblasts and bone stromal cells. PTH1R activates the cyclic AMP (cAMP) signaling pathway and the bone anabolic signaling pathway, leading to bone growth, increased bone mineral density (BMD) and volume. This correlates with increased bone mass and strength and prevents or treats osteoporosis and decreases fractures. 
it is a propanolamine that is propan-2-ol substituted by a propan-2-ylamino group at position 1 and a naphthalen-1-yloxy group at position 3. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an anxiolytic drug, an anti-arrhythmia drug, a vasodilator agent, an antihypertensive agent, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a secondary amine, a propanolamine and a member of naphthalenes. It derives from a 1-naphthol. it is a synthetic, nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor blocker with antianginal, antiarrhythmic, antihypertensive properties. it competitively antagonizes beta-adrenergic receptors, thereby causing negative chronotropic and inotropic effects leading to a reduction in cardiac output. 
A complex of polyene antibiotics obtained from Streptomyces filipinensis. it alters membrane function by interfering with membrane sterols, inhibits mitochondrial respiration, and is proposed as an antifungal agent. Filipins I, II, and IV are less important. 
it, also known as H-g dipeptide or his-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is the orally bioavailable, acetate salt form of guanabenz, a centrally-acting alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist, with anti-hypertensive and potential antineoplastic, cytoprotective and bone resorption inhibitory activities. Upon oral administration, guanabenz suppresses endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress by inhibiting the stress-induced dephosphorylation of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 alpha (eIF2a), thereby enhancing the phosphorylation level of eIF2a. This causes elF2a-mediated downregulation of the Rac1 pathway, upregulates the expression of activating transcription factor 4 (ATF4), which plays a key role in osteoblastogenesis, and downregulates the expression of nuclear factor of activated T-cells, cytoplasmic 1 (NFATc1), which is a transcription factor that plays a key role in osteoclastogenesis. This enhances osteoblastogenesis and suppresses osteoclastogenesis. Altogether, this promotes new bone formation and prevents bone degradation. In addition, guanabenz blocks the proliferation, survival, motility and invasiveness of tumor cells through the eIF2a-mediated downregulation of Rac1 signaling. Rac1, a Ras-related small GTPase belonging to the Rho family, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation, survival and motility. 
it is (KDO)2-lipid IVA deprotonated at both phosphono groups and at the uronic acid carboxy groups. It is the major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a (KDO)2-lipid IVA. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside of 4-hydroxybenzoic acid. It is a member of benzoic acids and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(beta-D-glucosyloxy)benzoate. 
it, stabilized appears as a liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. May irritate skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of phenazine-1-carboxylic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a phenazine-1-carboxylic acid. 
it is a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid consisting of fumaric acid having two hydroxy groups at the 2- and 3-positions. It is a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid and a C4-dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a fumaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinolizines. Quinolizines are compounds containing a quinolizine moiety, which consists of two fused pyridine rings sharing a nitrogen atom. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in bilberry and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Quinidine Gluconate is the gluconate salt form of quinidine, an alkaloid with antimalarial and antiarrhythmic (Class la) properties. Quinidine gluconate exerts its anti-malarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the hemepolymer (hemozoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. Quinidine gluconate exerts its antiarrhythmic effects by depressing the flow of sodium ions into cells during phase 0 of the cardiac action potential, thereby slowing the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node, reducing the maximal rate of phase 0 depolarization and prolonging the refractory period. Quinidine gluconate also reduces the slope of phase 4 depolarization in Purkinje-fibres resulting in slowed conduction and reduced automaticity in the heart. 
it is a member of the class of phytosterols that is stigmast-5-ene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a sterol methyltransferase inhibitor, an anticholesteremic drug, an antioxidant, a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a stigmastane sterol, a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid and a member of phytosterols. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
it is an androstane-3,17-dione with a 5beta-configuration. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid and an androstane-3,17-dione. 
it is an odorless white to creamy white crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a 3-oxo-5alpha- steroid that is 4,5alpha-dihydrotestosterone which is substituted by a hydroxymethylidene group at position 2 and by a methyl group at the 17alpha position. A synthetic androgen, it was mainly used for the treatment of anaemias until being replaced by treatments with fewer side effects. It has a role as an anabolic agent, an androgen and an anti-anaemic agent. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an enone, a tertiary alcohol, an enol, an anabolic androgenic steroid and a 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid. it is an orally active synthetic anabolic steroid and a 17alpha-methylated derivative of dihydrotestosterone, with androgenic activity. Although it has low affinity for binding the androgen receptor (AR), it strongly activates AR-mediated signaling, which stimulates both protein synthesis and erythropoietin production. This agent may stimulate muscle growth, induce hemoglobin production and red blood cell formation, and promote increased bone density. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is abieta-8,11,13-trien-20-oic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 12. It has been isolated from the stem bark of Fraxinus sieboldiana. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a member of phenols, an abietane diterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an epoxide and a primary alcohol. It derives from a 1,2-epoxypropane. Slightly viscous, colorless and odorless liquid cyclic ether. it is used as a stabilizer for natural oils and vinyl polymers, as an alkylating agent, a sterilant, a demulsifier, a dye-leveling agent and it is also used as an intermediate in the synthesis of glycerol, glycidyl ethers and amines. Exposure to it irritates the skin, eyes, and mucous membranes and depresses the central nervous system in humans. it induces mutations in human lymphocytes and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol acetate substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 2, a propyl group at position 4 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is a member of chromenes, a monomethoxybenzene and an acetate ester. 
3-aminobenzene sulfonic acid appears as white powder. Small colorless needles; toxic. it is an aminobenzenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-aminobenzenesulfonate. 
it is the S stereoisomer of 2-aminopropiophenone. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant and a psychotropic drug. It is a 2-aminopropiophenone and a monoamine alkaloid. 
it is an odorless white to light-yellow crystalline powder. Mp:1 55-157Â°C. When heated to decomposition it emits toxic oxides of nitrogen fumes. Can explode if exposed to shock or heat from friction or fire. The primary hazard is from blast effect where the entire load can explode instantaneously and not from flying projectiles and fragments. it is a it tautomer where the proton is located on the 1st position. It is a it and a one-carbon compound. It is a tautomer of a it and a 5H-it. 
it is a sesquiterpene phytoalexin that is (S)-beta-macrocarpene in which the methyl group that is attached to a double bond has undergone formal oxidation to give the corresponding carboxylic acid. It is produced by maize (Zea mays) to provide biochemical protection against fungal infection. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a sesquiterpene phytoalexin. It derives from a (S)-beta-macrocarpen-15-ol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an oxindole that is 3-methyleneoxindole in which one of the hydrogens of the methylene group is replaced by a 3,5-dimethylpyrrol-2-yl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a member of pyrroles, a member of oxindoles and an olefinic compound. It derives from a 3-methyleneoxindole. it is a quinolone derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it reversibly inhibits ATP binding to the tyrosine kinase domain of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), which may inhibit VEGF-stimulated endothelial cell migration and proliferation and reduce the tumor microvasculature. This agent also inhibits the phosphorylation of the stem cell factor receptor tyrosine kinase c-kit, often expressed in acute myelogenous leukemia cells. 
it is ergotamine in which a single bond replaces the double bond between positions 9 and 10. A semisynthetic ergot alkaloid with weaker oxytocic and vasoconstrictor properties than ergotamine, it is used (as the methanesulfonic or tartaric acid salts) for the treatment of migraine and orthostatic hypotension. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist, a non-narcotic analgesic, a vasoconstrictor agent, a dopamine agonist and a sympatholytic agent. It is an ergot alkaloid and a semisynthetic derivative. it Mesylate is an ergot derivative with agonistic activity for alpha-adrenergic, serotonergic, and dopaminergic receptors. it mesylate most likely relieves migraine headaches by binding to and stimulating the 5-HT1D receptor subtype, thereby causing constriction of cerebral blood vessels. However, it has also been proposed that it mesylate acts upon 5-HT1D receptors on sensory nerve endings of the trigeminal system, thereby decreasing the release of pro-inflammatory neuropeptide release. 
it is a lactol that is (+)-iridodial lactol in which the configuration of the carbon at position 7 is inverted from S to R. It is a lactol and a monoterpenoid. 
it is a polyphenol consisting of propane in which both methylene hydrogens at position 2 have been replaced by 2-hydroxyphenyl groups. 
it is a phenylalanine derivative that is methyl phenylalaninate substituted by a nitro group at position 4 on the benzene ring. It is an alpha-amino acid ester and a phenylalanine derivative. It derives from a 4-nitrophenylalanine. 
it is an indole alkaloid with alpha2-adrenoceptor antagonist activity. It is produced by Corynanthe johimbe and Rauwolfia serpentina. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist and a dopamine receptor D2 antagonist. It derives from a yohimbic acid. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea substituted by a p-cumenyl group at position 1. It is a metabolite of the herbicide isoproturon. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-phenylalanine residues. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-phenylalanine. 
it is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid that is pyridine-4-carboxylic acid substituted by a methyl group, hydroxy group and formyl group at positions 2,3 and 5, respectively. It is a pyridinecarbaldehyde, a monohydroxypyridine, a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid and a member of methylpyridines. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-formyl-3-hydroxy-2-methylpyridine-4-carboxylate. 
Polysorbate 20 is a polymer composed of PEG-ylated sorbitan, where the total number of poly(ethylene glycol) units is 20 (w + x + y + z = 20) and a single terminal is capped by a dodecanoyl group. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. It is a polysorbate and a dodecanoate ester. 
Antimuscarinic quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine used to treat cramps in gastrointestinal, urinary, uterine, and biliary tracts, and to facilitate radiologic visualization of the gastrointestinal tract. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is 3-(propylamino)propane-1,2-diol in which the hydrogen of the primary hydroxy group is replaced by a 2-(3-phenylpropanoyl)phenyl group. It is a class 1C antiarrhythmic drug with local anesthetic effects, and is used as the hydrochloride salt in the management of supraventricular and ventricular arrhythmias. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and an aromatic ketone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Aliskiren fumarate is the hemifumarate salt of aliskiren. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent. It contains an aliskiren. it is an orally active nonpeptide renin inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Aliskiren selectively binds to the S3 sub-pocket of renin, an enzyme in the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) that is responsible for converting angiotensinogen to angiotensin I (AT I). By inhibiting the activity of renin, the conversion to AT I is prevented, which in turn prevents the conversion of AT I to AT II. This prevents arterial vasoconstriction by AT II and inhibits the production of aldosterone by AT II. As aldosterone causes re-uptake of sodium and water and eventually an increase in extracellular volume, aliskiren is able to prevent the effects that contribute to an increase in blood pressure. 
it is a benzazepine that is 6,11-dihydro-5H-dibenzo[b,e]azepine in which the azepine ring is fused to the e side of 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-amine. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent, a histamine antagonist, an ophthalmology drug and a H1-receptor antagonist. It is a member of guanidines and a benzazepine. 
Levomilnacipran is a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor used to treat major depressive disorders. Levomilnacipran is an enantiomer of milnacipran, which is used to treat fibromyalgia. Levomilnacipran and milnacipran have been associated with a low rate of transient elevations in serum aminotransferase levels during treatment and with rare instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury with jaundice. 
Butyl peroxydicarbonate appears as a colorless liquid. Shipped or stored with not more than 62% peroxide in solution of organic solvent. Crystallizes when dry. May explode from heat, shock or friction, when dry. Handle with extreme care. 
The compound, named it, is an orally active inhibitor of the HCV NS3 protease and the first member of this new drug class to be tested in humans. it is an orally bioavailable, peptidomimetic, macrocyclic compound with activity against hepatitis C virus (HCV). it binds non-covalently to the active center of the HCV NS3-4A serine protease and prevents processing of viral proteins required for replication. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is 2,3-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid in which the hydrogen at position 4 on the benzene ring is replaced by a thiophenecarbonyl group. A loop diuretic used to treat hypertension, it was withdrawn from the market in 1982 due to links with hepatitis. It has a role as a loop diuretic, an antihypertensive agent and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a member of thiophenes, an aromatic ketone, an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a crystalline solid, technical product is off-white with a pungent odor. Used as an insecticide on a number of vegetables and on cotton. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate resulting from the N-deacylation of the proinsecticide acephate. It has a role as an acaricide, an agrochemical and an avicide. It is an organic thiophosphate, a phosphoramide and an organothiophosphate insecticide. 
it is an indolecarboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of indole-2-carboxylic acid with the exocyclic amino group of (3S)-3-amino-1-methyl-5-phenyl-1,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-one. A cholecystokinin antagonist used for treatment of gastrointestinal disorders. It has a role as a cholecystokinin antagonist, a gastrointestinal drug, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an indolecarboxamide. 
it is a cephalosporin carboxylic acid anion having [(5-methyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)sulfanyl]methyl and (1H-tetrazol-1-ylacetyl)amino side-groups, formed by proton loss from the carboxy group of cefazolin. It is a conjugate base of a cefazolin. 
3-{2-[4-(6-fluoro-1,2-benzoxazol-3-yl)piperidin-1-yl]ethyl}-2-methyl-4-oxo-6,7,8,9-tetrahydropyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-9-yl hexadecanoate is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of 3-{2-[4-(6-fluoro-1,2-benzoxazol-3-yl)piperidin-1-yl]ethyl}-9-hydroxy-2-methyl-6,7,8,9-tetrahydropyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one. It is a member of 1,2-benzoxazoles, a heteroarylpiperidine, an organofluorine compound, a pyridopyrimidine and a fatty acid ester. 
it is the calcium salt of the water-soluble vitamin B5, ubiquitously found in plants and animal tissues with antioxidant property. Pentothenate is a component of coenzyme A (CoA) and a part of the vitamin B2 complex. Vitamin B5 is a growth factor and is essential for various metabolic functions, including the metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, and fatty acids. This vitamin is also involved in the synthesis of cholesterol, lipids, neurotransmitters, steroid hormones, and hemoglobin. 
it is an acetate salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of 1-dodecylguanidine and acetic acid. It is used as a fungicide to control black spot and foliar diseases on apples, pears, peaches, nectarines and strawberries. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an acetate salt and an aliphatic nitrogen antifungal agent. It contains a 1-dodecylguanidine(1+). 
it, also known as podophyllotoxin or neoit, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as podophyllotoxins. These are tetralin it in which the benzene moiety of the tetralin skeleton is fused to a 1, 3-dioxolane and the cyclohexane is fused to a butyrolactone (pyrrolidin-2-one). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in arrowroot and flaxseed. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Ethyl-2-methyl butyrate appears as a colorless oily liquid with a fruity odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-O-tert-butyl-L-serine with the primary amino group of ethyl (2E,4S)-5-[(3S)-2-oxopyrrolidin-3-yl]-4-(L-phenylalanylamino)pent-2-enoate. It is a potent enterovirus 3C protease inhibitor with EC50 of 180 nM against enterovirus 71 (EV71) and 60 nM against human rhinovirus 14 in a live virus-cell-based assay. It has a role as an antiviral agent, an EC 3.4.22.69 (SARS coronavirus main proteinase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a benzyl ester, an ether, an ethyl ester, a L-serine derivative, a L-phenylalanine derivative, a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones, an enoate ester and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is 7-hydroxyisoflavone with an additonal hydroxy group at position 4' and a prenyl group at position 3'. Isolated from seeds of Psoralea corylifolia, it exhibits inhibitory activity against DNA polymerase and platelet aggregation. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite and an EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a cyclopentyl group. 
3,4'-dimethylkaempferol is a dimethoxyflavone that is kaempferol in which the hydroxy groups at position 3 and 4' have been replaced by methoxy groups. It is a component of bee glue and isolated from several plant species including Tanacetum microphyllum. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antimycobacterial drug, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It derives from a kaempferol. 
it is a member of the class of pterocarpans carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 6a and 9. It has a role as a phytoestrogen, an antibacterial agent, a plant metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. 
it is a hypothetical sesterterpene skeleton with a structure based on that of a pentamethyl-D-homoandrostane and the basis for the family of it sesterterpenoids. 
Scopolamine hydrobromide appears as colorless crystals or white powder or solid. Has no odor. pH (of 5% solution): 4-5.5. Slightly efflorescent in dry air. Bitter, acrid taste. (NTP, 1992) 
it is an indolizidine alkaloid that is 3,12-didehydrogalanthan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions and 2 and a methylenedioxy group across positions 9 and 10. Isolated from Crinum asiaticum, it has been shown to exhibit antimalarial activity. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antimalarial, a plant metabolite and an anticoronaviral agent. It derives from a hydride of a galanthan. 
it (NNZ-2566), a neuroprotective analogue of [glypromate], is a novel molecule that has a profile suitable for both intravenous infusion and chronic oral delivery. It is currently in development to treat traumatic brain injury. 
it is 1,3-Thiazolidine substituted with methyl groups at C-2, -5 and -5 and with a carboxy group at C-4, representing the thiazolidine ring of a generalised penicillin structure. It has a role as an allergen. It is a member of thiazolidines and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it appears as a colorless to white crystalline powder solid. Mildly sensitive to heat and shock. An extremely powerful explosive. Decomposes to emit toxic nitrogen oxide fumes. May explode under exposure to intense heat or fire. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. 
it is an optically active form of glutamic acid having D-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and a glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a ittamate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-glutamic acid. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxysteroid consisting of 3beta-hydroxy-5alpha-cholestane having an additional oxo group at the 15-position. It is a 15-oxo steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy steroid. 
it is an aminocarboxamidine, the parent compound of the its. It is a one-carbon compound, a member of its and a carboxamidine. It is a conjugate base of a guanidinium. 
it is a nucleotide-(amino alcohol) that is the N-methyl derivative of CDP-ethanolamine. It is a phosphoethanolamine and a member of nucleotide-(amino alcohol)s. It derives from a CDP-ethanolamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is quercetin methylated at position O-4'. Isolated from Cyperus teneriffae. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a 7-hydroxyflavonol, a monomethoxyflavone and a tetrahydroxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. 
3, 4-Dihydro-6-methoxy-3, 7-dimethyl-1H-2-benzopyran-8-ol, also known as dhmi-8 or 3, 8-dihydroxy-1, 2, 4-trimethoxyxanthone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-benzopyrans. These are organic aromatic compounds that 1-benzopyran, a bicyclic compound made up of a benzene ring fused to a pyran, so that the oxygen atom is at the 2-position. 3, 4-Dihydro-6-methoxy-3, 7-dimethyl-1H-2-benzopyran-8-ol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3, 4-dihydro-6-methoxy-3, 7-dimethyl-1H-2-benzopyran-8-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (2E,6R)-6-hydroxyhept-2-enoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). A metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, it is weakly dauer inducing and a weak male-attractant. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite and a pheromone. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a (2E,6R)-6-hydroxyhept-2-enoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a para-aminobenzoic acid ester with local anesthetic activity. it binds to and inhibits voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the ionic flux required for the initiation and conduction of impulses. This results in a loss of sensation. 
Psi-pelletierine, also known as granatan-3-one or N-methylgranatonine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidinones. Piperidinones are compounds containing a piperidine ring which bears a ketone. Psi-pelletierine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, psi-pelletierine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, psi-pelletierine can be found in fruits and pomegranate. This makes psi-pelletierine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a diterpene that consists of a labdane skeleton with double bonds at C-8(17), C-13(16) and C-14. It derives from a hydride of a labdane. 
Pentacyclic triterpene saponins, biosynthesized from protoaescigenin and barringtogenol, occurring in the seeds of AESCULUS. It inhibits edema formation and decreases vascular fragility. 
it is a member of sn-glycerol 3-phosphates and a member of imidazoles. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a glycerol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
D-5-phenylhydantoin is a D-5-monosubstituted hydantoin that is imidazolidine-2,4-dione in which the pro-R hydrogen at position 5 has been replaced by a phenyl group. 
it is a member of the classs of octahydronaphthalenes and a sesquiterpene that is 1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,7-octahydronaphthalene which is substituted by an isopropenyl group at position 3 and by methyl groups at positions 4a and 5 (the 3S,4aS,5R- diastereoisomer). It is a sesquiterpene, a polycyclic olefin and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-eremophilene. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1, a methyl group at position 8 and methoxy groups at positions 3 and 6. It has been isolated from the bark of Cupania cinerea. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 
it is a glycine derivative that is L-alpha-phenylglycine substituted at positions 3 and 5 on the phenyl ring by hydroxy groups. It is a member of resorcinols and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from a L-alpha-phenylglycine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Tirofiban Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of tirofiban, a non-peptide tyrosine derivative with anticoagulant property. Tirofiban antagonizes fibrinogen binding to the platelet cell surface receptor, glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIA complex, one of the two purinergic receptors activated by ADP. The antagonism prevents adenylyl cyclase activation, which mediated via GP IIb/IIIa receptor complex, and results in decreased levels of cAMP and thereby interferes with platelet membrane function and subsequent platelet-platelet interaction, release of platelet granule constituents and prolongation of bleeding time. 
it is the isethionate salt form of hydroxystilbamidine, a cationic dye with antifungal, antitrypanosomal, antimalarial, and carcinostatic activities. Hydroxystilbamidine is able to bind to DNA and RNA in a non-intercalating manner, and is a powerful inhibitor of ribonucleases, thereby impeding cellular processes in protozoa. This agent was also shown to bind to lysosomes and induced a large number of lysosome-like bodies and secretion granules in trypanosome. 
it is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of sodium tungstate. Combines with hydrogen peroxide for the oxidation of secondary amines to nitrones It has a role as a reagent. It contains a sodium tungstate. 
it is a hydroxyflavan that is (2S)-flavan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7 and a methoxy group at position 4'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. It derives from a (2S)-flavan. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-6-(2-propenyl)pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-methyl-6-(2-propenyl)pyrazine can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes 2-methyl-6-(2-propenyl)pyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 3-phenylpropyl-Î²-methylbutyrate or fema 2899, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a plum, raspberry, and strawberry taste. 
it appears as a liquid. Flash point near 130Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors irritate eyes, throat, and nose. Used in dyes and pharmaceuticals. it is a trimethylbenzene carrying methyl groups at positions 1, 2 and 4. It has a role as a neurotoxin. 
Gadobenate Dimeglumine is a gadolinium-based paramagnetic contrast agent. When placed in a magnetic field, gadobenate dimeglumine produces a large magnetic moment and so a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons; as a result, the signal intensity of tissue images observed with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be enhanced. Because this agent is preferentially taken up by normal functioning hepatocytes, normal hepatic tissue is enhanced with MRI while tumor tissue is unenhanced. In addition, because gadobenate dimeglumine is excreted in the bile, it may be used to visualize the biliary system using MRI. 
A synthetic 1,8-naphthyridine antimicrobial agent with a limited bacteriocidal spectrum. It is an inhibitor of the A subunit of bacterial DNA GYRASE. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Systemic Lupus Erythematosus. it is a modulator of the E3 ubiquitin ligase complex containing cereblon (CRL4-CRBN E3 ubiquitin ligase), with immunomodulating and pro-apoptotic activities. Upon administration, it specifically binds to the cereblon (CRBN) part of the ligase complex, thereby affecting the ubiquitin E3 ligase activity, and targeting certain substrate proteins for ubiquitination. This induces the proteasome-mediated degradation of certain transcription factors, including Ikaros (IKZF1) and Aiolos (IKZF3) which are transcriptional repressors in T-cells. This leads to a reduction of their protein levels, and the modulation of the immune system, including activation of T-lymphocytes. In addition, this leads to a downregulation of other proteins, including interferon regulatory factor 4 (IRF4), which plays a key role in the proliferation of certain cancer cell types. CRBN, the substrate recognition component of the E3 ubiquitin ligase complex, plays a key role in the ubiquitination of certain proteins. 
Delta-8-Tetrahydrocannabinol is an analogue of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) with antiemetic, anxiolytic, appetite-stimulating, analgesic, and neuroprotective properties. Delta-8-tetrahydrocannabinol (delta-8-THC) binds to the cannabinoid G-protein coupled receptor CB1, located in the central nervous system; CB1 receptor activation inhibits adenyl cyclase, increases mitogen-activated protein kinase activities, modulates several potassium channel conductances and inhibits N- and P/Q-type Ca2+ channels. This agent exhibits a lower psychotropic potency than delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (delta-9-THC), the primary form of THC found in cannabis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as serine and derivatives. Serine and derivatives are compounds containing serine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of serine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of lipoic acid with ammonia. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of dithiolanes and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a lipoic acid. 
it is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 2 and 3. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-dimethylbenzoate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-oxo-2,5-dihydro-2-furylacetic acid, formed via deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 5-oxo-2,5-dihydro-2-furylacetic acid. 
An adenine analog REVERSE TRANSCRIPTASE INHIBITOR with antiviral activity against HIV-1 and HEPATITIS B. It is used to treat HIV INFECTIONS and CHRONIC HEPATITIS B, in combination with other ANTIVIRAL AGENTS, due to the emergence of ANTIVIRAL DRUG RESISTANCE when it is used alone. 
it is a 5-benzoyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-pyrrolizine-1-carboxylic acid that has R configuration. Unlike the S-enantiomer, it does not exhibit COX1 and COX2 inhibition, but does exhibit analgesic activity. Racemic ketorolac, known simply as ketorolac, is used (mainly as a tromethamine salt) as a potent analgesic for the short-term management of post-operative pain, and in eye drops to relieve the ocular itching associated with seasonal allergic conjunctivitis. It has a role as an analgesic. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-ketorolac. 
it is an organic nitrate salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of oxiconazole and nitric acid. An antifungal agent, it is used in creams and powders for the topical treatment of fungal skin infections. It has a role as an antiinfective agent. It is an organic nitrate salt, a conazole antifungal drug and an imidazole antifungal drug. It contains an oxiconazole(1+). Oxiconazole Nitrate is the nitrate salt form of oxiconazole, a broad spectrum imidazole derivative with antifungal activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, oxiconazole, like other azole antifungals, most likely inhibits the cytochrome P450-dependent demethylation of lanosterol. This prevents the synthesis of ergosterol which is a crucial component of fungal cell membrane. By disrupting fungal cell membrane synthesis and integrity, oxiconazole alters fungal cell membrane permeability, promotes loss of essential intracellular components and eventually inhibits fungal cell growth. 
it is an odorless canary yellow to yellow-orange crystalline powder. Bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a thioxanthen-9-one compound having a hydroxymethyl substituent at the 1-position and a 2-[(diethylamino)ethyl]amino substituent at the 4-position. It was formerly used (particularly as the monomethanesulfonic acid salt) as a schistosomicide for individual or mass treatement of infection with Schistosoma haematobium and S. mansoni, but due to its toxicity and concern about possible carcinogenicity, it has been replaced by other drugs such as praziquantel. It has a role as a schistosomicide drug and a mutagen. It derives from a lucanthone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a thioxanthene derivative of lucanthone with anti-schistosomal activity and potential antineoplastic activity. it interferes with parasite nerve function, resulting in parasite paralysis and death. This agent also intercalates into DNA and inhibits RNA synthesis in vitro. (NCI04) 
it is a novel small molecule that is topically dosed in an eye drop and has the unique ability to penetrate cell membranes and reach both the front and the back of the eye. It is intended to treat Age-related macular Degeneration (AMD), and preclinical research results indicate additional uses for it, including treatment of early stage and advanced dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) by protecting against retina photoreceptor cell death and inhibiting angiogenesis, the growth of small blood vessels leading to the wet-form of AMD. A leading cause of vision loss, AMD affects approximately 10 million Americans. 
it is a nucleobase analogue that is uracil substituted at positions 5 and 6 by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a pyrimidone, a nucleobase analogue and a hydroxypyrimidine. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a calcimimetic and calcium-sensing receptor (CaSR) agonist composed of a synthetic peptide comprised of seven D-amino acids that can be used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism (sHPT) in hemodialysis patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Upon intravenous administration, it mimics calcium and allosterically binds to and activates the CaSR expressed by the parathyroid gland. This suppresses the synthesis and secretion of parathyroid hormone (PTH), thereby reducing PTH levels and lowering serum calcium and phosphorus levels. Elevated PTH is often observed in patients with CKD and is associated with dysregulated calcium-phosphate homeostasis. 
it is a hydroxybenzaldehyde that is benzaldehyde substituted with a hydroxy group at position C-4. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an EC 1.14.17.1 (dopamine beta-monooxygenase) inhibitor. 
Radium 223 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02463799 (Ph 2 Study of Sipuleucel-T W/ or W/O it in Men With Asymptomatic or Minimally Symptomatic Bone-MCRPC). 
it acetate is an injectable gonadotropin releasing hormone super-agonist also known as an LHRH agonist. It stops the production of sex hormones. it is a synthetic nonapeptide analogue of the natural gonadotrophin releasing hormone (GnRH) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and activates pituitary gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors. Continuous, prolonged administration of goserelin in males results in pituitary GnRH receptor desensitization and inhibition of pituitary secretion of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), leading to a significant decline in testosterone production; in females, prolonged administration results in a decrease in estradiol production. (NCI04) 
it is an orally available small molecule compound with anti-ischemic, and potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic properties. Although its exact mechanism is not yet fully elucidated, it is postulated that upon administration, it selectively inhibits long-chain 3-ketoacyl coenzyme A thiolase (LC 3-KAT), the final enzyme in the free fatty acid (FFA) beta-oxidation pathway. This stimulates glucose oxidation, which requires less oxygen usage and cellular energy than in the beta-oxidation process. This optimizes myocardial energy metabolism and cardiac functioning in an ischemic condition. In cancer cells, the inhibition of fatty acid oxidation (FAO) alters the metabolic processes needed for tumor cell function and proliferation, thereby inducing tumor cell apoptosis. In addition, inhibition of FAO may potentially block the immunosuppressive functions of myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MSDCs), which are thought to promote malignant cell proliferation and migration by inhibiting T-cell function. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a metal iodide salt with a K(+) counterion. It is a scavenger of hydroxyl radicals. It has a role as a radical scavenger and an expectorant. It contains an iodide. it is a metal halide composed of potassium and iodide with thyroid protecting and expectorant properties. it can block absorption of radioactive iodine by the thyroid gland through flooding the thyroid with non-radioactive iodine and preventing intake of radioactive molecules, thereby protecting the thyroid from cancer causing radiation. In addition, this agent acts as an expectorant by increasing secretion of respiratory fluids resulting in decreased mucus viscosity. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-asparagine, two L-leucine units, and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine, a L-leucine and a L-serine. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of sulfacetamide. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and an antiinfective agent. It contains a sulfacetamide(1-). it is the sodium salt form of sulfacetamide, a synthetic sulfanylacetamide derivative with bacteriostatic activity. Sulfacetamide inhibits bacterial folic acid synthesis by competing with para amino benzoic acid. With a broad spectrum of action, it is used as an anti-infective topical agent to treat skin infections and as an oral agent for urinary tract infections. (NCI04) 
it is a scalarane sesterterpenoid with formula C26H40O3, originally isolated from the marine sponge Hyrtios erecta. It has a role as a marine metabolite. It is a scalarane sesterterpenoid, an enal and an acetate ester. 
Sisomicin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of sisomicin, a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Micromonospora inyoensis. Sisomicin is strucurally similar to gentamicin but has a unique unsaturated diamino sugar. Of the aminoglycoside antibiotics, sisomicin has the greatest activity against gram-positive bacteria. 
(Â±)-it, also known as it or 1, 5-dimethylhex-4-enyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group) (Â±)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) (Â±)-it has a fruity taste. 
it is a propanolamine that is 3-aminopropane-1,2-diol in which the hydrogen of the primary hydroxy group is substituted by 3-methylphenyl and one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by 2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)ethyl. A beta1 adrenoceptor antagonist, it has been shown to be as effective as other beta-blockers for the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, a calcium channel blocker, an antihypertensive agent and an anti-arrhythmia drug. 
Pentostatin is a purine analogue and antineoplastic agent used in the therapy of hairy cell leukemia and T cell lymphomas. Pentostatin is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy and has been linked to rare instances of severe acute liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine with a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent, a coccidiostat, an antiprotozoal drug, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor, an EC 1.1.1.153 [sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming)] inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a drug allergen. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide, a substituted aniline and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. it is a synthetic pyrimidinyl sulfonamide derivative, short-acting bacteriostatic it inhibits bacterial folic acid synthesis by competing with para amino benzoic acid. It is used in combination with pyrimethamine to treat toxoplasmosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and in newborns with congenital infections. (NCI04) 
it is a it that is propan-2-ol substituted by a 4-methylcyclohex-3-en-1-yl group at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of glycine with the amino group of sarcosine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
its, aqueous solutions are light colored liquids. They can cause severe burns to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. The material is noncombustible. If available, obtain the technical name of the material from the shipping papers and contact CHEMTREC, 800-424-9300 for specific response information. Hydrogensulfite is a sulfur oxoanion. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a sulfurous acid. It is a conjugate acid of a sulfite. 
it is a polyketide that is 1-ethyl-2,6-dimethyl-1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydronaphthalene in which one of the methyl hydrogens from the ethyl group is replaced by a 4-hydroxy-6-ketopyran-2-yl group. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug, an Aspergillus metabolite and an EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor. It is a polyketide, a secondary alcohol, a member of 2-pyranones and a member of hexahydronaphthalenes. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a sedative. It derives from a flurazepam. 
it is a benzochromenone that is 2,3-dihydro-1H-benzo[f]chromene substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It has been found to exhibit potential inhibitory activity against Sir2 proteins. It has a role as a Sir2 inhibitor and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is a benzochromenone, a delta-lactone and a naphtho-alpha-pyrone. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine substituted by a 3-(4-hydroxypiperidin-1-yl)propyl group at the nitrogen atom and a carbonitrile group at position 2. it is a first generation antipsychotic. It has a role as a sedative, an adrenergic antagonist and a first generation antipsychotic. It is a nitrile, a member of phenothiazines and a hydroxypiperidine. It derives from a hydride of a 10H-phenothiazine. 
DG(18:0/0:0/18:0), also known as diacylglycerol(36:0) or DAG(36:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-diacylglycerols. These are diacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at positions 1 and 3. DG(18:0/0:0/18:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. DG(18:0/0:0/18:0) has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, DG(18:0/0:0/18:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Phenethyl isoamyl ether, also known as 2-phenylethanol or 3-methylbutyl ether, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. Phenethyl isoamyl ether is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, phenethyl isoamyl ether is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Phenethyl isoamyl ether has a cool, fresh, and green taste. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion that consists of tungstic acid where one of the two OH groups has been deprotonated. It is a tungsten oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a tungstic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tungstate. 
it appears as odorless white or slightly pink crystals. Bitter taste, leaves a sensation of warmth on the tongue. pH (saturated aqueous solution at 82Â°F) about 5. Sublimation begins at the melting point. (NTP, 1992) it is the simplest member of the class of its derived from salicylic acid. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic and an antirheumatic drug. It is a member of its and a member of phenols. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides that is 4-(imidazol-2-yl)benzamide carrying additional 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl and pyridin-2-yl substituents at positions 4 and 5 respectively on the imidazole ring. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzamides, a member of imidazoles, a member of pyridines and a member of benzodioxoles. 
Ganciclovir is a nucleoside analogue and antiviral agent used in therapy of cytomegalovirus infections. Valganciclovir is the valyl ester prodrug of ganciclovir which can be given orally. When given intravenously, ganciclovir can cause mild, transient and asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase levels, but neither ganciclovir nor valganciclovir have been associated with clinically apparent liver injury. 
Epicatechin 3-O-(3'-O-methylgallate) is a gallate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of gallic acid with the (3R)-hydroxy group of epicatechin. It has a role as a Camellia sinensis metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of flavans, a gallate ester, a polyphenol and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is 1,1-dimethylurea substituted by a p-cumenyl group at position 3. A selective, systemic herbicide used to control annual grasses and broadleaf weeds in cereals, its use within the EU has been banned after September 2017 on the grounds of potential groundwater contamination and risks to aquatic life; there have also been concerns about its endocrine-disrupting properties. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. 
it is a N-acylglycinate that is the conjugate base of glycolithocholic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a glycolithocholic acid. 
it is a colorless to white crystalline solid with a penetrating odor. It is slightly soluble in water. It is gradually decomposed by water and very rapidly by acids to give off hydrogen bromide, a flammable and poisonous gas. Contamination with many materials can cause rapid decomposition of the material. It is toxic by inhalation of its vapors or by the hydrogen cyanide from decomposition or by ingestion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fire involving this material. It is used in gold extraction, to make other chemicals, and as a fumigant. it is an inorganic compound used as a reagent in molecular biology. As a reagent for peptide mapping and amino acid sequence analysis, it hydrolyzes peptide bonds at methionine residues in peptides and proteins. In addition, this agent acts as a coupling reagent for phosphoramidate or pyrophosphate inter-nucleotide bonds in DNA duplexes. (NCI) 
it is an iron containing phosphate binder used to treat hyperphosphatemia and iron deficiency anemia in adults with chronic kidney disease.  it was granted FDA approval on 5 September 2014. 
Milling yellow 3G is an organic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of 5-chloro-2-[5-hydroxy-3-methyl-4-({4-[(4-methylbenzene-1-sulfonyl)oxy]phenyl}diazenyl)-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]benzene-1-sulfonic acid. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a Milling yellow 3G(1-). 
it appears as a clear colorless to straw colored liquid with a disagreeable odor. Flash point less than 0Â°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a it in which the sulfur atom is substituted by two methyl groups. It is produced naturally by some marine algae. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite, a marine metabolite, an EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitor, an algal metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
Racemetyrosine is a dysfunctional and modified form of the non-essential amino acid tyrosine and an inhibitor of tyrosine hydroxylase (TH; tyrosine 3-monooxygenase), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, racemetyrosine is specifically taken up by cancer cells through the transporter L-amino acid transferase-1 (LAT1; CD98). As a tyrosine derivative and faulty amino acid protein building block, racemetyrosine prevents protein synthesis in cancer cells. Specifically, this prevents mucin-1 (MUC1) protein synthesis. MUC1 is highly overexpressed by most cancer cells and regulates the increased reactive oxygen species (ROS) in cancer cells created from the altered metabolism that cancer cells utilize, by upregulating key antioxidant defenses and preventing ROS-mediated apoptosis. In the absence of MUC1, ROS levels are increased, leading to an increase in oxidative stress, and induction of apoptosis. Also, being a protective transmembrane protein, MUC1 is part of the protective layer on the outside of cancer cells and plays a key role in shielding the cancer cell from the immune system. The loss of MUC1 compromises the cell membrane, thereby making the cancer cell more vulnerable to be recognized and attacked by the immune system. Normal cells do not regularly take up certain non-essential amino acids, such as tyrosine, but readily convert phenylalanine to tyrosine, so normal healthy cells are not expected to consume racemetyrosine. In addition, racemetyrosine competes with tyrosine at the tyrosine-binding site of TH, thereby inhibiting TH, an enzyme that activates molecular oxygen to catalyze the hydroxylation of tyrosine to dihydroxyphenylalanine (Dopa), which is an intermediate to catecholamine (dopamine, norepinephrine, and epinephrine) production. This inhibits the synthesis of catecholamines. 
it is a member of the class of amidoximes obtained by formal condensation of the carbonyl group of benzamide with hydroxylamine. It has a role as a genotoxin, a bacterial metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. It derives from a benzamide. 
it is a nucleotide-sugar oxoanion arising from deprotonation of all four phosphate OH groups of 1-(5-phospho-beta-D-ribosyl)-5'-AMP; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 1-(5-phospho-beta-D-ribosyl)-5'-AMP. 
A mixture of flavonoids extracted from seeds of the MILK THISTLE, Silybum marianum. It consists primarily of silybin and its isomers, silicristin and silidianin. it displays antioxidant and membrane stabilizing activity. It protects various tissues and organs against chemical injury, and shows potential as an antihepatoxic agent. 
A chelating agent that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations such as CALCIUM. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. 
it is a sesquiterpene that is 1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,7-octahydronaphthalene substituted by methyl groups at positions 4 and 4a and a prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 6 (the 4R,4aR,6R-stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene, a carbobicyclic compound and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
it is an odorless white to gray solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a benzenetriol carrying hydroxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil with a methyl group substituent at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a hydroxycalciol that is vitamin D2 in which the hydrogen at position 25 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, a nutraceutical and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hydroxycalciol, a seco-ergostane and a vitamin D. It derives from a vitamin D2. 
it is a bufadienolide glycoside that is 3,5,11,14-tetrahydroxy-12,19-dioxobufa-20,22-dienolide attached to a 3-O-acetyl-4,6-dideoxy-beta-D-arabino-hexopyranosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a bufadienolide glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a steroid aldehyde, a 19-oxo steroid, a 5beta-hydroxy steroid, an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 14beta-hydroxy steroid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a bufanolide. 
it is a hexose derivative that is 2,3:4,5-di-O-isopropylidene-beta-D-fructopyranose in which the hydroxy group has been converted to the corresponding sulfamate ester. It blocks voltage-dependent sodium channels and is used as an antiepileptic and for the prevention of migraine. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a sodium channel blocker. It is a cyclic ketal, a sulfamate ester and a ketohexose derivative. it is a sulfamate-substituted monosaccharide with anticonvulsant property. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it antagonizes kainate/AMPA subtype of the glutamate receptors, which are ligand-activated cation channels that mediate the fast component of excitatory postsynaptic currents in neurons of the central nervous system. This antagonistic action results in stabilizing hyper-excited neural membranes, inhibiting repetitive neuronal firing, and decreasing propagation of synaptic impulses, thereby impedes seizure occurrences. In addition, this agent augments gamma-aminobenzoic acid (GABA) activity and thereby attenuating GABAnergic inhibitory transmission. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is ferruginol in which the methylene group para to the phenolic hydroxy group has been substituted by an oxo group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antiviral agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant and a radical scavenger. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound, a meroterpenoid, a member of phenols and a cyclic terpene ketone. It derives from a ferruginol. 
it is an sn-monothiophosphatidylcholine in which the acyl substituents at O-1 and S-2 are both palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl); a chromogenic phospholipase A2 substrate that contains a palmitoyl thioester at the sn-2 position of the glycerol backbone. 
it is a 1,3,5-triazine which is substituted by (2-hydroxy-2-methylpropyl)nitrilo, 6-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl and [2-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-4-yl]nitrilo groups at positions 2,4 and 6, respectively. It is an isocitrate dehydrogenase-2 (IDH2) inhibitor which has been approved for the treatment of adults with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukaemia (AML). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.1.1.42 (isocitrate dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It is an aminopyridine, an organofluorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol, a member of 1,3,5-triazines and an aromatic amine. it is an orally available inhibitor of specific mutant forms of the mitochondrial enzyme isocitrate dehydrogenase type 2 (IDH2), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it specifically inhibits various mutant forms of IDH2, including the IDH2 variants R140Q, R172S, and R172K, which inhibits the formation of 2-hydroxyglutarate (2HG). This may lead to both an induction of cellular differentiation and an inhibition of cellular proliferation in IDH2-expressing tumor cells. IDH2, an enzyme in the citric acid cycle, is mutated in a variety of cancers; it initiates and drives cancer growth by blocking differentiation and the production of the oncometabolite 2HG. 
it is a member of indolones and a tertiary amine. It has a role as a dopamine agonist, an antiparkinson drug, a central nervous system drug and an antidyskinesia agent. 
Trans-it is the trans-isomer of it. It acts as an inhibitor of the enzyme phospholipase A2 (EC 3.1.1.4) of insects like diamond back moth. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, a bacterial metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor. 
Alpha-Guaiene, also known as A-guaiene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Alpha-Guaiene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-guaiene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Alpha-Guaiene is a sweet, balsamic, and peppery tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as pepper (spice), sweet basil, sweet bay, and burdock. This makes Alpha-guaiene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a cyclic amine with activity against herpes simplex virus. it inhibits absorption of virions to cell surfaces, as well as penetration and uncoating of the virus. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fine, floral, and fruity taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl methyl_succinate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
A synthetic estrogen that has been used as a hormonal antineoplastic agent. it is a synthetic hydrogenated derivative of diethylstilbestrol (DES). it exhibits strong affinity for estrogen receptors that are overexpressed in some types of cancers. When conjugated with a neoplastic drug, hexestrol may selectively concentrate the cytotoxic agent in estrogen receptor-rich tumors. This agent may also be mutagenic. (NCI04) 
Phoxim is a synthetic organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a yellow liquid, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a steroid acid resulting from the oxidation of one of the terminal methyl groups of cholesterol to the corresponding aldehyde. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a steroid acid, a monocarboxylic acid, a 3beta-sterol, a cholestanoid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. It is a conjugate acid of a 3beta-hydroxycholest-5-en-26-oate. 
it is a C4-acylcarnitine that is the O-butanoyl derivative of carnitine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a C4-acylcarnitine and a butyrate ester. It derives from a butyric acid. 
it atom is the radioactive isotope of sulfur with relative atomic mass 34.9690322 and nuclear spin (3)/2. The longest-lived sulfur radionuclide with half-life of 87.5 days. 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-{3-[4-cyano-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-5,5-dimethyl-4-oxo-2-thioxoimidazolidin-1-yl}-2-fluorobenzoic acid with methylamine. Used for the treatment of of metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an androgen antagonist. It is a member of benzamides, an imidazolidinone, a thiocarbonyl compound, a nitrile, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a member of monofluorobenzenes. it is an orally bioavailable, organic, non-steroidal small molecule targeting the androgen receptor (AR) with potential antineoplastic activity. Through a mechanism that is reported to be different from other approved AR antagonists, it inhibits the activity of prostate cancer cell ARs, which may result in a reduction in prostate cancer cell proliferation and, correspondingly, a reduction in the serum prostate specific antigen (PSA) level. AR over-expression in prostate cancer represents a key mechanism associated with prostate cancer hormone resistance. 
it is a spiro-epoxide with potent anticancer activity that lowers the mRNA levels of oncogenes and tumour supressor genes. It is isolated from Pseudomonas sp. no.2663. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic hemiketal, a member of pyrans, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a spiro-epoxide. 
it is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) that is structurally similar to ciit and melitracen. It was researched in the 1960s and 1970s but never marketed. 
it is the L-enantiomer of 4-hydroxyphenylglycine. It is an enantiomer of a D-4-hydroxyphenylglycine. it is a carnitine palmitoyltransferase I (CPT-1) inhibitor involved in fatty acid metabolism in the heart. In animal studies it acts as a cardioprotective agent during ischemia. 
6alpha-it is the 6alpha-stereoisomer of 6-it. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug, a neuroprotective agent, an antiemetic, an adrenergic agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a 6-it, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. it is a synthetic corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in altered gene expression and inhibition of proinflammatory cytokine production. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cell populations. 
Thymidine 3'-monophosphate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ribonucleoside 3'-phosphates. These are ribonucleosides that contain a phosphate group attached to the C-3 carbon of the ribose or deoxyribose moiety. The nucleobases here are limited to purine, pyrimidine, and pyridine derivatives. Thymidine 3'-monophosphate is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a synthetic, nonopiod, twenty-five amino acid polybasic peptide analogue of an omega-conotoxin derived from the marine snail Conus magus with analgesic activity. it appears to block neuronal N-type voltage-sensitive calcium channels (NCCB), inhibiting transmission from pain-sensing primary nociceptors. This agent may exhibit significant analgesic activity in refractory pain. 
it is a C7-cyanine dye having differentially-substituted 2-indolyl units at each end. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It derives from a C7-indocyanine. 
it is a 2-methylbutanedioic acid in which the methyl group at position 2 has R-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-methylsuccinic acid. 
4-Butyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 4-Butyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-butyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4-butyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole can be found in nuts and potato. This makes 4-butyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid that is 3,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid substituted by an amino group at position 2. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a substituted aniline. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
it, solution is a colorless liquid. It is mildly corrosive to metals. It causes burns to eyes, skin and mucous membranes. it is an ionic salt essential for the synthesis of cholesterol, protein, and fats. Zinc plays an important role in the proper functioning of the immune system. Zinc is required for the enzyme activities necessary for cell division, cell growth, and wound healing as well as the release of vitamin A from the liver. It plays a role in the acuity of the senses of smell and taste and is required to maintain prostate reproductive health and insulin function. Zinc is also involved in the metabolism of carbohydrates. it is administered orally or parenterally as a nutritional supplement. 
A drug combination of aspirin and dipyridamole that functions as a PLATELET AGGREGATION INHIBITOR, used to prevent THROMBOSIS and STROKE in TRANSIENT ISCHEMIC ATTACK patients. 
Homolanthionine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). Homolanthionine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, homolanthionine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the tartrate salt of arformoterol, the (R,R)-enantiomer of formoterol and a long-acting beta-2 adrenergic agonist with bronchodilator activity. Arformoterol selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar smooth muscle, thereby causing stimulation of adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased intracellular cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and lead to an inhibition of release of inflammatory mediators from mast cells. This may eventually lead to an improvement of airway function. 
it is a fumarate salt prepared from tenofovir alafenamide by reaction of one molecule of fumaric acid for every two molecules of tenofovir alafenamide. A prodrug for tenofovir, it is used in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV-1 infection. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and a prodrug. It contains a tenofovir alafenamide(1+). 
N-it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 30Â°F. Irritates the eyes and respiratory system. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used as a corrosion inhibitor, solvent, flotation agent and in the manufacture of other chemicals. it is a primary aliphatic amine that is n-pentane in which a hydrogen of one of the methyl groups is replaced by an amino group. A water-soluble liquid with boiling point 104â„ƒ, it is a strong irritant. 
it is actylcholine is an ester of acetic acid and choline, which acts as a neurotransmitter. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a muscarinic agonist, a hormone, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is an acetate ester and an acylcholine. 
(+)-it is it is a polyhalogenated monoterpene first isolated from the marine red algae Portieria hornemannii. It is an organochlorine compound and an organobromine compound. 
N-octylaldehyde is a colorless liquids with a strong fruity odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Flash points 125Â°F. Used in making perfumes and flavorings. it is a saturated fatty aldehyde formally arising from reduction of the carboxy group of caprylic acid (octanoic acid). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. 
it is a member of the class of sulfamides that is sulfamide in which one of the amino groups has been substituted by a methyl group an an isopropyl group, while the other has been substituted by a 2-chloro-4-fluoro-5-[3-methyl-2,6-dioxo-4-(trifluoromethyl)-3,6-dihydropyrimidin-1(2H)-yl]benzoyl group. An important BASF herbicide, not registered in Europe but sold in USA, Canada and several other countries to control weeds in a wide range of food crops. Often mixed with other products such as glyphosate. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a member of sulfamides. It derives from a uracil. 
A nitrogen-free class of lipids present in animal and particularly plant tissues and composed of one mole of glycerol and 1 or 2 moles of phosphatidic acid. Members of this group differ from one another in the nature of the fatty acids released on hydrolysis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a C21-steroid that is pregnane which contains a double bond between positions 5 and 6 and is substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 20. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is a monohydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-2',2'-dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-2'H,4H-2,6'-bichromen-4-one carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an apoptosis inhibitor. It is a monohydroxyflavanone and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydride of a 2H-chromene. 
it, also known as trimethylsilyl lauric acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trimethylsilyl esters. These are organoheterosilanes, bearing a silicon atom that is linked to three methyl groups and is O-esterified. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is poly-L-lysine (n > 40) in which 50-70% of the epsilon-amino groups are substituted with amoxicilloyl groups. It is a random copolymer, a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid, a polypeptide and an amino acid amide. It derives from an amoxicillin. 
it is a member of the class of 1,2-benzoquinones that is 1,2-benzoquinone in which a hydrogen at para to one of the oxo groups has been replaced by a 2-aminoethyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a primary amino compound and a member of 1,2-benzoquinones. It derives from a 1,2-benzoquinone. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
Brimonidine Tartrate is the tartrate salt form of brimonidine, an imidazole derivative and a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist. Upon ocular administration, brimonidine tartrate acts on the blood vessels causing them to constrict which leads to a decrease in the production of aqueous humor. Brimonidine tartrate also enhances the outflow of aqueous humor. This drug is used in the treatment of glaucoma to reduce intraocular pressure. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glycosphingolipids. These are sphingolipids containing a saccharide moiety glycosidically attached to the sphingoid base. Although saccharide moieties are mostly O-glycosidically linked to the ceramide moiety, other sphingolipids with glycosidic bonds of other types (e. g. S-, C-, or N-type) has been reported. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human brain tissue. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and endosome. 
Betadex, also known as beta-cyclodextrin or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. Betadex exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, betadex is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Betadex has an odorless taste. 
it is the tetracyclic anthrafuran form of it. It is an anthrafuran, a it and a member of p-quinones. 
it is a triazolopyrazine that exhibits hypoglycemic activity. It has a role as a serine proteinase inhibitor, a hypoglycemic agent, an EC 3.4.14.5 (dipeptidyl-peptidase IV) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a triazolopyrazine and a trifluorobenzene. it is an orally available, competitive, beta-amino acid-derived inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DDP-4) with hypoglycemic activity. it may cause an increased risk in the development of pancreatitis. 
it is a uronic acid that is beta-D-glucuronic acid in which the hydroxy group at position 4 and the hydrogen at position 5 have been eliminated with the introduction of a double bond between positions 4 and 5. It is a uronic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. 
it appears as a greenish yellow gas with a pungent suffocating odor. Toxic by inhalation. Slightly soluble in water. Liquefies at -35Â°C and room pressure. Readily liquefied by pressure applied at room temperature. Density (as a liquid) 13.0 lb / gal. Contact with unconfined liquid can cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Does not burn but, like oxygen, supports combustion. Long-term inhalation of low concentrations or short-term inhalation of high concentrations has ill effects. Vapors are much heavier than air and tend to settle in low areas. Contact CHEMTREC to activate chlorine response team 800-424-9300. Used to purify water, bleach wood pulp, and to make other chemicals.   Rate of onset: Immediate to hours  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 3.5 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: iteaner/disinfectant in many industries; water treatment; WWI war gas; irritating corr fumes heavier than air. it is a diatomic chlorine and a gas molecular entity. It has a role as a bleaching agent. 
it is a member of the class of resolvins that is (5Z,8E,10Z,13Z,15Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 7 and 17 (the 7S,17S-stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diol, a resolvin, a secondary allylic alcohol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a penetrating aromatic odor. Insoluble in water and floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Vapors may irritate the eyes, nose, and respiratory system. it is an it carrying the hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an it and a primary alcohol. 
GTS-21 (also known as DMBX-A), is a novel, small-molecule, orally active and selective alpha-7 nicotinic acetylcholine (nACh) receptor agonist that has demonstrated memory and cognition enhancement activity in human clinical trials. Athenagen licensed the exclusive rights to the compound and a related library of analogs as part of the acquisition of Osprey Pharmaceutical Company in April 2006. GTS-21 has been studied in multiple Phase I studies in healthy volunteers and one Phase I/II study in schizophrenic patients. In all studies, the compound was well tolerated. In a Phase I multi-dose, double-blind, placebo controlled study in healthy adults, GTS-21 also demonstrated cognitive enhancement across all doses, with a statistically significant improvement in attention related and memory related tasks (Kitagawa, et al. Neuropsychopharmacology (2003), 28, 542-551). 
it is a phytochelatin that is a pentapeptide consisting of 2 units of gamma-Glu-Cys, with a glycyl unit at the C-terminus. It is a phytochelatin and a pentapeptide. 
it is a pyridinium ion that is the cationic portion of amprolium, a veterinary drug which is used for prevention of coccidiosis in poultry and cattle. It has a role as a coccidiostat. 
it is a stilbenoid originally isolated from the plant Combretum caffrum, with vascular-disrupting and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it (CA1) promotes rapid microtubule depolymerization; endothelial cell mitotic arrest and apoptosis; destruction of the tumor vasculature; disruption of tumor blood flow; and tumor cell necrosis. In addition, orthoquinone intermediates, metabolized from it by oxidative enzymes found to be elevated in some tumor types, may bind to tumor cell thiol-specific antioxidant proteins and DNA, and stimulate oxidative stress by enhancing superoxide/hydrogen peroxide production. 
9-(beta-D-glucosyl)-trans-zeatin is an N-glycosylzeatin that is trans-zeatin having a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue attached at position N-9. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a N-glycosylzeatin and a glucosyl-N(6)-isopentenyladenine. 
Aspartyl-glycine, also known as it or asp-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Aspartyl-glycine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an orally-active benzimidazole derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. As a retinoic acid metabolism blocking agent, it inhibits cytochrome P450-dependent all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA)-4-hydroxylase, resulting in an increase in endogenous ATRA production, inhibition of cell proliferation, and induction of cell differentiation. This agent also inhibits aromatase, the enzyme that catalyzes the final, rate-limiting step in estrogen biosynthesis. it Fumarate is the orally active fumarate salt of the benzimidazole derivative it with potential antineoplastic activity. As a retinoic acid metabolism blocking agent (RAMBA), it inhibits cytochrome P450-dependent all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA)-4-hydroxylase, resulting in an increase in endogenous ATRA production, inhibition of cell proliferation, and induction of cell differentiation. This agent also inhibits aromatase, the enzyme that catalyzes the final, rate-limiting step in estrogen biosynthesis. 
A plant alkaloid with alpha-2-adrenergic blocking activity. Yohimbine has been used as a mydriatic and in the treatment of ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION. 
it is a Kinase Inhibitor. The mechanism of action of temsirolimus is as a Protein Kinase Inhibitor. it is an ester analog of rapamycin. it binds to and inhibits the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), resulting in decreased expression of mRNAs necessary for cell cycle progression and arresting cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. mTOR is a serine/threonine kinase which plays a role in the PI3K/AKT pathway that is upregulated in some tumors. 
Cefepime is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefepime binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Epirubicin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of the 4'-epi-isomer of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. Epirubicin intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also produces toxic free-radical intermediates and interacts with cell membrane lipids causing lipid peroxidation. 
it, also known as fema 3862 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl thioesters. These are thioester derivatives of a fatty acid with the general formula RC(=O)SR', where R is the fatty acyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). it is an ethereal, fruity, and green tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, cereals and cereal products, fishes, and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is glycine in which both hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a carboxymethyl group and a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as a chelator. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and a glycine derivative. It derives from an iminodiacetic acid, a propionic acid and an ethanolamine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bladder Cancer, Urethral Cancer, and Transitional Cell Cancer of the Renal Pelvis and Ureter. it is a synthetic antifolate agent with antiparasitic, antipsoriatic and antitumor properties. it inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase enzyme, thereby disrupting folate metabolism and DNA synthesis and cell division. (NCI04) 
it is an hydroxamate siderophore produced by several fungal species. It is an iron coordination entity and an organonitrogen compound. 
Diethylstilbestrol, also known as DES, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. Diethylstilbestrol is a drug which is used in the treatment of prostate cancer. previously used in the prevention of miscarriage or premature delivery in pregnant women prone to miscarriage or premature delivery. Diethylstilbestrol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Diethylstilbestrol has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, diethylstilbestrol is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Diethylstilbestrol is formally rated as a carcinogen (by IARC 1) and is also a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is phenylacetic acid carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 5 on the benzene ring. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of resorcinols and a member of phenylacetic acids. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. 
(R)-it is a fourteen-membered macrocyclic diterpene consisting of 1,5,9-trimethyl-12-(prop-1-en-2-yl)cyclotetradecane having three endocyclic double bonds located at positions 1, 5 and 9. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a coral metabolite and an animal metabolite. It is a cycloalkatriene, a diterpene and a macrocycle. It derives from a hydride of a cembrane. 
Methyl 3-hydroxy-butanoate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta hydroxy acids and derivatives. Beta hydroxy acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituted with a hydroxyl group on the C3 carbon atom. Methyl 3-hydroxy-butanoate is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, methyl 3-hydroxy-butanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Methyl 3-hydroxy-butanoate has a mild and apple taste. 
it, also known as 4-aza-1, 1'-biphenyl or cyperquat, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyridines. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring linked to a pyridine ring through a CC or CN bond. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices, sweet orange, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid substituted by a methylene group at position 2 and a methyl group at position 3. It is a dicarboxylic acid and an olefinic compound. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methylene-3-methylsuccinate(2-). 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine having palmitoyl and 5-oxovaleryl groups at the 1- and 2-positions respectively. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-O-palmitoyl-2-O-(5-oxovaleryl)-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. 
Pramipexole hydrochloride is a hydrate that is the monohydrate of the dihydrochloride salt of pramiprexole. It has a role as a dopamine agonist and an antiparkinson drug. It contains a member of pramipexole hydrochloride anhydrous and a pramipexole(2+). Pramipexole Dihydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of pramipexole, a benzothiazole derivative. As a nonergot dopamine agonist, pramipexole binds to D2 and D3 dopamine receptors in the striatum and substantia nigra of the brain. Compared to other dopamine agonists, the use of this agent may be associated with fewer dyskinetic side effects in treated subjects. (NCI04) 
Gamma-it is a dipeptide composed of glutamic acid and phenylalanine joined together by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a glutamic acid and a phenylalanine. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3' and 4' respectively. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone and a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones. 
it is an N-alkylpiperazine that is 1-[2-(1,3-dihydro-2-oxobenzimidazol-1-yl)ethyl]piperazine in which the remaining amino proton is replaced by a 3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl group. A multifunctional serotonin agonist and antagonist which is used for the treatment of pre-menopausal women with hypoactive sexual desire disorder. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist, a serotonergic antagonist and an antidepressant. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine and an organofluorine compound. it is an orally bioavailable, non-hormonal, multifunctional serotonin agonist and antagonist (MSAA) that may improve sexual desire and arousal in women. Upon oral administration, it selectively binds to serotonin receptors in the central nervous system, acting as an agonist on 5-HT1A receptors and an antagonist on 5-HT2A receptors. Agonist activity at 5-HT1A postsynaptic receptors may enhance the release of dopamine and other monoamines. Combined with 5-HT2A antagonism, it boosts levels of dopamine in the mesocortical area of the prefrontal cortex and produces a net increase of norepinephrine selectively in the prefrontal cortex through disinhibition of locus coeruleus noradrenergic neurons. In addition, it reduces concentrations of serotonin in the prefrontal cortex with chronic administration. Reducing serotonin, which modulates sexual activity in an inhibitory fashion through downstream decreases in dopamine release, while enhancing the release of norepinephrine and dopamine in the prefrontal cortex may improve sexual desire and interest. 
it is a nucleoside triphosphate(4-) obtained by global deprotonation of the triphosphate OH groups of ATP; major species present at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite, a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of an ATP(3-). 
it is a cephalosporin having [4-(1-methylpyridinium-4-yl)-1,3-thiazol-2-yl]sulfanyl and {(2Z)-2-(ethoxyimino)-2-[5-(phosphonoamino)-1,2,4-thiadiazol-3-yl]acetyl}amino side groups located at positions 3 and 7 respectively. The N-phospho prodrug of ceftaroline, a broad-spectrum antibiotic active against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). It is used for the treatment of adults with acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent and a prodrug. It is an iminium betaine, a cephalosporin, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, an oxime O-ether, a member of thiadiazoles and an organic phosphoramidate. It derives from a ceftaroline. Ceftaroline Fosamil is an N-phosphono prodrug of the fifth-generation cephalosporin derivative ceftaroline with antibacterial activity. it is hydrolyzed to the active form ceftaroline in vivo. Ceftaroline binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Denser than water. Flash point 170Â°F. Boiling point 195Â°F. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used as a pesticide and fumigant. Dibromochloropropane is a dark amber to dark brown colored, halogenated liquid with a pungent odor. Dibromochloropropane is a formerly known pesticide that was used as a soil fumigant and nematocide on crops, and is currently only used as an intermediate in organic synthesis and as a research chemical. Inhalation exposure to this substance results in central nervous system depression and pulmonary edema, while oral exposure causes gastrointestinal distress. Dibromochloropropane is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
it is an alpha-amino acid ester that is the ethyl ester of N-{(2S)-1-[(2S,3aS,7aS)-2-carboxyoctahydro-1H-indol-1-yl]-1-oxopropan-2-yl}-L-norvaline It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and an antihypertensive agent. It is an alpha-amino acid ester, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an organic heterobicyclic compound and an ethyl ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Upon hydrolysis, it is converted to its active form itat, inhibiting ACE and the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II; consequently, angiotensin II-mediated vasoconstriction and angiotensin II-stimulated aldosterone secretion from the adrenal cortex are inhibited and diuresis and natriuresis ensue. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-hydroxy-2-unsubstituted benzenoids. These are phenols that are unsubstituted at the 2-position. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, synephrine acetonide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, synephrine acetonide can be found in fruits. This makes synephrine acetonide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dimethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6 and 7 and hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 4' respectively. It is a dimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is an odorless white microcrystalline powder with a bitter taste. A 0.25% solution in water has a pH of 3.5 to 5.5. (NTP, 1992) it is the trihydrate form of ampicillin, a broad-spectrum semisynthetic derivative of aminopenicillin. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by binding to penicillin binding proteins, thereby inhibiting peptidoglycan synthesis, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. 
it is the reduced form of NADP+; used in anabolic reactions, such as lipid and nucleic acid synthesis, which require it as a reducing agent. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. It is a NAD(P)H and a NADP. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
Phytuberin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Phytuberin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, phytuberin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, phytuberin can be found in potato. This makes phytuberin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Pelargonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside is an anthocyanin cation consisting of pelargonidin having a beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at the 3-hydroxy position. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside and an anthocyanidin glycoside. It derives from a pelargonidin. It is a conjugate acid of a pelargonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside betaine. 
it is a primary amino compound that is aniline in which the phenyl group has been substituted at positions 2, 3, and 6 by chlorine, phenoxy, and nitro groups, respectively. A protoporphyrinogen oxidase (PPO) inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide against a broad range of weeds in a wide range of crops. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether, a C-nitro compound, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. 
it is a it. It has a role as an EC 3.4.19.3 (pyroglutamyl-peptidase I) inhibitor and an EC 2.7.1.1 (hexokinase) inhibitor. 
it is a member of the class of butan-4-olides carrying 3,4,5-trimethoxybenzyl and (1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)methyl substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a butan-4-olide, a member of methoxybenzenes and a member of benzodioxoles. 
it is a nucleobase analogue that is cytosine in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by a carboxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aminopyrimidine, a nucleobase analogue, a pyrimidone and an aromatic carboxylic acid. It derives from a cytosine. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-iodobenzoic acid with the amino group of glycine. It is a N-acylglycine, an organoiodine compound and a member of benzamides. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-iodohippurate. 
it is a synthetic thymidine analogue with potent antiviral activity against herpes simplex and varicella zoster viruses. it is phosphorylated into triphosphate form within the cells; this metabolite interferes with viral DNA replication by inhibiting DNA polymerase activity without been incorporated into elongating viral DNA. Due to the dangerous effects of drug-drug interactions via its metabolite, it has been removed from the market. 
it is an organic betaine obtained by deprotonation of the hydroxy group at the 5 position of pelargonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a pelargonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
A basic polypeptide isolated from Streptomyces netropsis. It is cytotoxic and its strong, specific binding to A-T areas of DNA is useful to genetics research. 
it is a highly selective bioreductive drug that is activated in, and is preferentially toxic to, hypoxic cells in tumours. It has been shown to work synergistically with fractionated radiation to significantly delay growth of tumours compared to administration of either it or radiation alone. it was also efficacious in tumour models when administered in combination with either cisplatin or chemoradiation. it is a bioreductive, alkylaminoanthraquinone prodrug with antineoplastic activity. Under hypoxic conditions, often seen in solid tumors, it (it) is converted and activated by cytochrome P450 enzymes, which are upregulated in certain tumors, to the cytotoxic DNA-binding agent AQ4. it intercalates into and crosslinks DNA, and inhibits topoisomerase II. This results in an inhibition of DNA replication and repair in tumor cells. Combined with conventional therapeutic agents, both oxygenic and hypoxic regions of tumors can be targeted. 
it is a rifamycin antibiotic that is similar in structure and activity to rifampin and rifapentine and which is used largely in the prevention of Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) disease in patients with advanced HIV infection. it is associated with transient and asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase and is a likely cause of clinically apparent, acute liver disease. it is a semisynthetic ansamycin antibiotic with potent antimycobacterial properties. it inhibits bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, thereby suppressing the initiation of RNA formation and leading to inhibition of RNA synthesis and transcription. (NCI04) 
A phenothiazine antipsychotic with actions and uses similar to those of CHLORPROMAZINE. Extrapyramidal symptoms may be more common than other side effects. 
it is a p-menthane monoterpenoid that is cyclohex-2-en-1-one substituted by a methyl group at position 3 and an isopropyl group at position 6. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a p-menthane monoterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 
Iobenguane I-131 is an I 131 radioiodinated synthetic analogue of the neurotransmitter norepinephrine. Iobenguane localizes to adrenergic tissue and, in radioiodinated forms, may be used to image or eradicate tumor cells that take up and metabolize norepinephrine. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted at positions 2, 5 and 8 by 2-amino-1H-benzimidazol-1-yl, benzylnitrilo and methoxy groups, respectively. It is a ATP-competetive inhibitor of AAA ATPase p97, also known as valosin-containing protein (VCP). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of benzimidazoles, a secondary amino compound, an aromatic amine, an aromatic ether and a primary amino compound. 
it is an organofluorine compound that consists of 1,3-oxazolidin-2-one bearing an N-3-fluoro-4-(morpholin-4-yl)phenyl group as well as an acetamidomethyl group at position 5. A synthetic antibacterial agent that inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to a site on 23S ribosomal RNA of the 50S subunit and prevents further formation of a functional 70S initiation complex. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a protein synthesis inhibitor. It is an oxazolidinone, a member of morpholines, an organofluorine compound and a member of acetamides. it is a synthetic oxazolidinone derivative, it selectively inhibits an early step in bacterial protein synthesis and affects blood pressure through monoamine oxidase inhibition. It is effective against Gram-positive organisms, including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus strains, coagulase-negative Staphylococci, vancomycin-resistant Enterococci, and penicillin-resistant Streptococcus pneumoniae strains. (NCI04) 
it is an oxo monocarboxylic acid that is (+)-7-isojasmonic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the side-chain methyl group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a member of jasmonates and a plant metabolite. It is a member of cyclopentanones, a primary alcohol, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a homoallylic alcohol. It derives from a (+)-7-isojasmonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tuberonate. 
it appears as colorless to pale yellow liquid with an odor of rubbing alcohol. Floats or sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is the organic chloride salt of cetyltrimethylammonium. It has a role as a surfactant. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains a cetyltrimethylammonium ion. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02211079 (A Study to Assess Effect of it on Pharmacokinetics of Cocktail Representatives for Cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4, CYP2B6, CYP2C9, and CYP1A2 Substrates). 
it, also known as it or TRP-leu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03722576 (it Calcium for Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis). it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of dihydroorotate dehydrogenase (DHODH), with potential anti-inflammatory, immunomodulating and anti-viral activities. Upon administration, it specifically targets, binds to and prevents the activation of DHODH. This prevents the fourth enzymatic step in de novo pyrimidine synthesis, leading to inhibition of transcriptional elongation, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis in activated lymphocytes. DHODH inhibition also leads to metabolic stress in activated lymphocytes and inhibition of the release of proinflammatory cytokines including interleukin (IL)-17 (IL-17A and IL-17F) and interferon-gamma (IFNg), thereby reducing inflammation. In addition, DHODH inhibition may lead to host-based anti-viral activity against many viruses. DHODH, a mitochondrial enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of dihydroorotate (DHO) to orotate, is a key enzyme in pyrimidine de novo biosynthesis. Metabolically highly activated and rapidly proliferating lymphocytes and various virus infected cells require de novo synthesis to meet their needs for pyrimidines. 
it appears as a colorless watery liquid with a sweet odor. Less dense than water. Insoluble in water. Irritating vapor. Freezing point is 56Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is a xylene with methyl groups at positions 1 and 4. 
5-Hydroxy capric acid, also known as sodium it or 5-hydroxy caprate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. 5-Hydroxy capric acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 5-Hydroxy capric acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 5-hydroxy capric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, 5-hydroxy capric acid can be found in milk and milk products. This makes 5-hydroxy capric acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
SB 505124 is a member of the class of imidazoles carrying tert-butyl, 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl and 6-methylpyridin-2-yl substituents at positions 2, 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as a TGFbeta receptor antagonist. It is a member of imidazoles, a benzodioxole and a member of methylpyridines. 
This material is a toxic gas that is somewhat similar to silicon tetrafluoride and is expected to behave in a similar fashion. See the chemical datasheet for silicon tetrafluoride for more information. 
it is a beta-diketone that is acetylacetone (acac) in which both methyl groups have been replaced by phenyl groups. It is a minor constituent of the root extract of licorice (Glycyrrhiza glabra) and exhibits antimutagenic and anticancer effects. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a metabolite and an antimutagen. It is a beta-diketone and an aromatic ketone. 
A sulfathiazole compound that is used as a short-acting anti-infective agent. It is no longer commonly used systemically due to its toxicity, but may still be applied topically in combination with other drugs for the treatment of vaginal and skin infections, and is still used in veterinary medicine. 
Phenolic metacyclophanes derived from condensation of PHENOLS and ALDEHYDES. The name derives from the vase-like molecular structures. A bracketed [n] indicates the number of aromatic rings. 
Thiamine(1+) monophosphate is a 1,3-thiazolium cation that is the conjugate acid of thiamine(1+) monophosphate(1-). It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a thiamine(1+) monophosphate(1-). 
it is a member of the class of benzotriazines that is 1,2,4-benzotriazine 1-oxide which is substituted by chlorine at position 7 and by a 1H-imidazol-1-yl group at position 3. A fungicide, it is used as a seed treatment for control of seed-borne Pyrenophora graminea and Pyrenophora teres in barley. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzotriazines, a N-oxide, an organochlorine compound, a member of imidazoles and an imidazole fungicide. 
it is a 1,3-thiazole substituted by a methyl group at position 4. It has a role as a Maillard reaction product. 
S,s,s-tributyltrithiophosphate is a colorless to pale yellow liquid with mercaptan-like odor. Insoluble in water. Used as a growth regulator. it is an organic thiophosphate. It has a role as a defoliant. 
it is an N-phosphono prodrug of the fifth-generation cephalosporin derivative ceftaroline with antibacterial activity. it is hydrolyzed to the active form ceftaroline in vivo. Ceftaroline binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is the maleic acid salt of enalapril. It contains one molecule of maleic acid for each molecule of enalapril. Following oral administration, the ethyl ester group of enalapril is hydrolysed to afford the corresponding carboxylic acid, enalaprilat, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor. Enalapril is thus a prodrug for enalaprilat (which, unlike enalapril, is not absorbed by mouth), and its maleate is used in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure, for reduction of proteinuria and renal disease in patients with nephropathies, and for the prevention of stroke, myocardial infarction, and cardiac death in high-risk patients. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, an antihypertensive agent and a prodrug. It contains an enalapril. it is the maleate salt form of enalapril, a dicarbocyl-containing peptide and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, enalapril is converted by de-esterification into its active form enalaprilat. Enalaprilat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. Enalapril also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a pyrrolo(1,4)benzodiazepine antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces refuineus var. thermotolerans. it binds covalently to guanine in the minor groove of DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and RNA and protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a cyclic ketone and diether that is a dibutyl ether derivative of squaric acid. It has a role as an immunological adjuvant and an allergen. It is a cyclic ketone and a diether. It derives from a squaric acid. 
A morpholine derivative that is a selective and potent noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor; it is used in the treatment of DEPRESSIVE DISORDER. 
it is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha/gamma agonist which improves apolipoprotein levels in non-diabetic subjects with insulin resistance. it is a proposed treatment for type 2 diabetes and has completed several phase III clinical trials, however in May 2006 AstraZeneca announced that they had discontinued further development. it is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonist, with hypoglycemic activity. it is more potent on the gamma subtype than on the alpha subtype of PPAR. This agent improves atherogenic dyslipidemia but may cause an increase in fibrosarcoma formation. 
Thick fuming yellow liquid. Density 16.5 lb / gal. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals and tissue, quickly causing severe burns. Used to make chemicals, dyes, explosives and in petrit refining. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of diltiazem and hydrogen chloride. A calcium-channel blocker and vasodilator, it is used in the management of angina pectoris and hypertension. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a vasodilator agent and a calcium channel blocker. It contains a diltiazem(1+). It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. Diltiazem Hydrochloride is a benzothiazepine calcium channel blocking agent. it inhibits the transmembrane influx of extracellular calcium ions into select myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cells, causing dilatation of coronary and systemic arteries and decreasing myocardial contractility. Because of its vasodilatory activity, this agent has been shown to improve the microcirculation in some tumors, thereby potentially improving the delivery of antineoplastic agents to tumor cells. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol carrying an allyl group at position 2. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium as the counterion. It has a role as an indicator and a dye. It contains a 2,3,5-triphenyltetrazolium. 
it appears as a colorless, crystalline solid. Denser than water. May combust in contact with organic materials. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an amino alcohol resulting from the formal reduction of the carboxy group of L-phenylalanine to the corresponding alcohol. It is a member of amphetamines, an amino alcohol, a primary amino compound and a primary alcohol. 
it is conjugate base of 1,2-dihydroxy-5-(methylthio)pent-1-en-3-one arising from deprotonation of the 2-hydroxy group. It is a conjugate base of a 1,2-dihydroxy-5-(methylthio)pent-1-en-3-one. 
it is an ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of cyclohexylamine. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a cyclohexylamine. 
it, anhydrous appears as a white to gray powder with a pungent odor. Corrosive to tissue and toxic by ingestion. it is an aluminium coordination entity. It has a role as a Lewis acid. 
it is a rationally designed, orally available, Class 1-selective, small molecule, 2-aminobenzamide HDAC inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits Class 1 isoforms of HDAC, specifically HDAC 1, 2 and 3, which may result in epigenetic changes in tumor cells and so tumor cell death; although the exact mechanism has yet to be defined, tumor cell death may occur through the induction of apoptosis, differentiation, cell cycle arrest, inhibition of DNA repair, upregulation of tumor suppressors, down regulation of growth factors, oxidative stress, and autophagy, among others. Overexpression of Class I HDACs 1, 2 and 3 has been found in many tumors and has been correlated with a poor prognosis. 
it is an optically active form of asparagine having D-configuration. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and an asparagine. It is a conjugate base of a D-asparaginium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-asparaginate. It is an enantiomer of a L-asparagine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Alkylsulfuric acids are colorless, oily liquids. They are soluble in water and weigh more than water. Contact with the material may cause severe irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. It may be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. It is used to make other chemicals. 
it is an iridoid monoterpenoid with formula C17H26O10 that is isolated from several plant species and exhibits neuroprotective and anti-inflammatory properties. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a neuroprotective agent, an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is a cyclopentapyran, a beta-D-glucoside, an enoate ester, a monosaccharide derivative, an iridoid monoterpenoid, a methyl ester and a secondary alcohol. 
it is tetracycline in which the hydroxy group at position 5 and the methyl group at position 6 are replaced by hydrogen, and with a dimethylamino substituent and an (N-tert-butylglycyl)amino substituent at positions 7 and 9, respectively. A glycylcycline antibiotic, it has activity against a broad range of Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, including tetracycline-resistant organisms. It is used for the intravenous treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by susceptible organisms. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a member of tetracyclines and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a broad-spectrum glycylcycline antibiotic derived from tetracycline. it binds to the 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby interfering with the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex. This prevents the incorporation of amino acid residues into the elongating peptide chain, inhibiting protein synthesis and eventually bacterial cell growth. 
it is a yellowish brown to red solid with a faint odor of ammonia. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in medicine, in making blueprints, and as a feed additive. 
Stilben-4-ol is a phenol having the structure of stilbene with a hydroxy function at C-4 of one of the phenyl rings; the stereochemistry across the alkene bond is not specified. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. 
it appears as colorless crystals or white crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene consisting of five fused benzene rings. It is listed as a Group 3 carcinogen by the IARC. It has a role as a mutagen and a carcinogenic agent. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a homocysteine-derived thiol derivative with mucolytic and free radical scavenging properties. it and its metabolites modulate mucus production and viscosity, by which facilitating mucociliary transport and improving expectoration. This agent also suppresses the chemical-induced cough reflex as well as protects lung tissues from damages caused by cigarette smoking mediated through free radicals scavenging. 
it is a terminal acetylenic compound that is but-1-yne substituted by a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a terminal acetylenic compound and an alkyne. It derives from a hydride of a but-1-yne. 
Erlotinib hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of erlotinib. It has a role as a protein kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a hydrochloride and a terminal acetylenic compound. It contains an erlotinib. 
it is the disodium salt of cefotetan. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a cefotetan(2-). Cefotetan Disodium is the disodium salt form of cefotetan and a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it causes inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis by inactivating penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of the cell wall. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
1, 2-Benzenediol bis(trimethylsilyl) ether belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenoxy compounds. These are aromatic compounds contaning a phenoxy group. 1, 2-Benzenediol bis(trimethylsilyl) ether is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1, 2-Benzenediol bis(trimethylsilyl) ether has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is toxin isolated from marine segmented worm, Lumbriconereis heterodopa. It is also the active insecticide of the proinsecticide thiocyclam. It has a role as a toxin and an insecticide. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-alanine and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine and a L-serine. 
it is a L-glutamic acid derivative. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a L-gamma-glutamyl phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a dpeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-pyroglutamine with the amino group of L-glutamine It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a pyroglutamylglutaminate. 
N-methylleucine is a leucine derivative obtained by replacement of one of the amino hydrogens of leucine by a methyl group. It is a leucine derivative, a secondary amino compound and an amino acid. 
it is a glutathione derivative in which the thiol hydrogen of glutathione is replaced by a [2-hydroxy-3-(4-nitrophenoxy)propyl group. It is a C-nitro compound, a glutathione derivative, an organic sulfide and an aromatic ether. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-ene substituted by carboxy groups at positions 23 and 28 and a hydroxy group at position 3 (the 3beta stereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a gypsogenate(2-). It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a diterpenoid isolated from the leaves of Daphne mucronata and exhibits anti-tumour and anti-metastatic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a diterpenoid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, an epoxide, a cinnamate ester, a triol and a bridged compound. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
it is a polyprenylhydroquinone that is 2,3-dimethylbenzene-1,4-diol substituted by a geranylgeranyl group at position 6. It is a member of hydroquinones and a polyprenylhydroquinone. 
Arginyl-valine, also known as arg-val or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Arginyl-valine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Arginyl-valine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is an S-farnesyl-L-cysteine where the C=C double bonds at the 2- and 6-positions both have (E)-configuration. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Volatile, colorless liquid with a sharp musty odor like rubbing alcohol. Flash point of 53Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air and mildly irritating to the eyes, nose, and throat. Density approximately 6.5 lb / gal. Used in making cosmetics, skin and hair preparations, pharmaceuticals, perfumes, lacquer formulations, dye solutions, antifreezes, soaps, window cleaners. Sold in 70% aqueous solution as rubbing alcohol. it is a secondary alcohol that is propane in which one of the hydrogens attached to the central carbon is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a protic solvent. it is an isomer of propyl alcohol with antibacterial properties. Although the exact mechanism of it's disinfecting action is not known, it might kill cells by denaturing cell proteins and DNA, interfering with cellular metabolism, and dissolving cell lipo-protein membranes. Isopropanol is used in soaps and lotions as an antiseptic. 
(R)-1,2-distearoylphosphatidylethanolamine is an optically active form of 1,2-distearoylphosphatidylethanolamine having (R)-configuration. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-1,2-distearoylphosphatidylethanolamine. It is a tautomer of a (R)-1,2-distearoylphosphatidylethanolamine zwitterion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organic phosphonate and derivative of hexanoic acid and cognate transition state analogue of the esterase-like catalytic antibody D2.3. It has a role as an epitope. It is an organic phosphonate, a C-nitro compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. 
it is a fatty amide derived from oleic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a cabbage and radish tasting compound that can be found in brassicas, cabbage, kohlrabi, and white cabbage. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an anthracycline cation resulting from the protonation of the amino group of it. It derives from a doxorubicin. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a hydroxamic acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2E)-3-[4-({[2-(2-methylindol-3-yl)ethyl]amino}methyl)phenyl]prop-2-enoic acid with the amino group of hydroxylamine. A histone deacetylase inhibitor used (as its lactate salt) in combination with bortezomib and dexamethasone for the treatment of multiple myeloma. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a hydroxamic acid, a member of cinnamamides, a secondary amino compound and a methylindole. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a cinnamic hydroxamic acid analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits histone deacetylase (HDAC), inducing hyperacetylation of core histone proteins, which may result in modulation of cell cycle protein expression, cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase and apoptosis. In addition, this agent appears to modulate the expression of angiogenesis-related genes, such as hypoxia-inducible factor-1alpha (HIF-1a) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), thus impairing endothelial cell chemotaxis and invasion. HDAC is an enzyme that deacetylates chromatin histone proteins. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 8,9-dihydropyrido[1,2-a]indol-6(7H)-one substituted by a (5-methyl-1H-imidazol-4-yl)methyl group at position 7R and a methyl group at position 10. It is a dual 5-HT3 and 5-HT4 receptors antagonist whose clinical development was terminated in phase II. It was being developed for the treatment of chemotherapy-induced emesis and irritable bowel syndrome. It has a role as an antiemetic and a serotonergic antagonist. It is a member of imidazoles and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 
it is a N-acylpiperidine that is piperidine substituted by a (1E,3E)-1-(1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)-5-oxopenta-1,3-dien-5-yl group at the nitrogen atom. It is an alkaloid isolated from the plant Piper nigrum. It has a role as a NF-kappaB inhibitor, a plant metabolite, a food component and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a member of benzodioxoles, a N-acylpiperidine, a piperidine alkaloid and a tertiary carboxamide. It derives from an (E,E)-piperic acid. 
5-hydroxy-3,3',4',7-tetramethoxyflavone is a monohydroxyflavone that is 5-hydroxyflavone which is substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3,3',4' and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tetramethoxyflavone, a member of 3'-methoxyflavones and a monohydroxyflavone. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-hydroxy-3,3',4',7-tetramethoxyflavone(1-). 
it is a pyridine alkaloid that is pyridine substituted by a piperidin-2-yl group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a teratogenic agent and a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is a piperidine alkaloid and a pyridine alkaloid. it is a nicotine analog that is an alkaloid found in tree tobacco (Nicotiana glauca) and is comprised of a pyridine substituted by a piperidin-2-yl group at position 3. it has been used as an industrial insecticide and, since it is present in trace amounts in tobacco smoke, its detection in urine can be used as an indicator of exposure to tobacco smoke. 
it is a 10-carbon, omega-hydroxy fatty acid, shown to be the preferred hydroxylation product (together with the 9-OH isomer) of capric acid in biosystems, and used as a standard in lipid assays; reported to have cytotoxic effects. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It derives from a decanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 10-hydroxycaprate. 
it is an it tautomer which has the migrating hydrogen at position 1. It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene and an it. It is a conjugate base of an itium cation. It is a conjugate acid of an itide. It is a tautomer of a 4H-it. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of acolbifene, a fourth-generation estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) with potential lipid lowering and antineoplastic activity. Acolbifene specifically binds to estrogen receptors in responsive tissue, including liver, bone, breast, and endometrium. The resulting ligand-receptor complex is translocated to the nucleus where, depending on the tissue type, it promotes or suppresses the transcription of estrogen-regulated genes, thereby exerting its agonistic or antagonistic effects. Acolbifene acts as an estrogen antagonist in uterine and breast tissue, thereby blocking the effects of estrogen in these tissues. This may inhibit tumor cell proliferation in ER-positive tumor cells. This agent functions as an estrogen agonist in lipid metabolism, thereby decreasing total and LDL cholesterol levels. In bone, it decreases bone resorption and bone turnover and increases bone mineral density. 
it is a hydroxamic acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of ibuprofen with the amino group of hydroxylamine. Used for treatment of pain and inflammation associated with musculoskeletal and joint disorders. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an iron chelator and a non-narcotic analgesic. It derives from an ibuprofen. 
it is an off-white to yellow-white crystalline solid with an odor of camphor. Slightly acrid taste. When broken the fresh surfaces have a milky-white color. (NTP, 1992) it is a ketone that consists of acetophenone bearing hydroxy and phenyl substituents at the alpha-position. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor. It is a member of its and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, demethylnobiletin is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, demethylnobiletin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, demethylnobiletin can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, peppermint, winter savory, and citrus. This makes demethylnobiletin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a synthetic benzodiazepine derivative with anxiolytic property. it potentiates the inhibitory activities of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) by binding to the benzodiazepine-GABA-A-chloride ionophore receptor complex located in the limbic, thalamic, and hypothalamic regions of the central nervous system (CNS). This increases the frequency of chloride channel opening, allowing the flow of chloride ions into the neuron and ultimately leading to membrane hyperpolarization and a decrease in neuronal excitability. 
it is an oxopurine that is guanine in which the hydrogen at position 8 is replaced by an oxo group and in which the nitrogens at positions 7 and 9 each bear a hydrogen. It derives from a guanine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bacterial Pneumonia, Bacterial Infections, Community-Acquired Infections, and Skin Structures and Soft Tissue Infections. it represents a significant advance over the well-known tetracycline family, and has been shown to be highly effective in animal models at treating increasingly problematic, clinically prevalent infections caused by gram-positive bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and by gram-negative, atypical and anaerobic bacteria, including those resistant to currently available classes of antibiotics and known to cause diseases such as pneumonias, urinary tract infections, skin diseases and blood-borne infections in both the hospital and community settings. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-selenomethionine; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tautomer of a L-selenomethionine. 
it is the aromatic diazonium ion that is diazotised 4-aminobenzenesulfonic acid. It has a role as a hapten. It derives from a benzenesulfonate. 
it is the gluconate salt form of chlorhexidine, a biguanide compound used as an antiseptic agent with topical antibacterial activity. it is positively charged and reacts with the negatively charged microbial cell surface, thereby destroying the integrity of the cell membrane. Subsequently, it penetrates into the cell and causes leakage of intracellular components leading to cell death. Since gram positive bacteria are more negatively charged, they are more sensitive to this agent. 
it, also known as it or ala-his, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is an orally available small molecule inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to and inhibits ALK kinase, ALK fusion proteins and ALK point mutation variants. Inhibition of ALK leads to the disruption of ALK-mediated signaling and eventually inhibits tumor cell growth in ALK-expressing tumor cells. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development. ALK is not expressed in healthy adult human tissue but ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a series of tumors; ALK mutations are associated with acquired resistance to small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
it is a diterpenoid that is linalool in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens is substituted by a geranyl group (the 6E,10E-geoisomer) It has a role as a metabolite, a fragrance and an EC 2.3.1.50 (serine C-palmitoyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a tertiary alcohol and a diterpenoid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sharp characteristic odor. Very slightly soluble in water and somewhat less dense than water. Hence forms surface slick on water. Flash point 105Â°F. Density 7.5 lb / gal. Used for making paints, coatings, caulks, sealants, adhesives. it is an acrylate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of butan-1-ol with the carboxy group of acrylic acid. It derives from a butan-1-ol and an acrylic acid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 18Â°F. Density 7.8 lb / gal. Slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Vapors irritate the eyes and respiratory system. May polymerize if heated or contaminated. If polymerization occurs inside a container, the container may violently rupture. Used to make adhesives, paints, and plastics. 
it is an alkyl caffeate ester formed by the formal condensation of caffeic acid with methyl alcohol. It is an alkyl caffeate ester and a methyl ester. 
it is being developed as a novel orally available pharmaceutical for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis. It is being developed by Osteologix Inc. 
it is a phosphonic acid consisting of ethanol with the phospho group at the 2-position. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a colorless liquid and an odor of onions. Used as an agricultural insecticide, a fumigant and as a research chemical. No evidence of commercial production in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is a member of the class of thiocyanates that is the methyl ester of thiocyanic acid. 
Ce(5:0) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cholesteryl esters. Cholesteryl esters are compounds containing an esterified cholestane moiety. Ce(5:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Ce(5:0) has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ce(5:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a 2-furoate ester, a steroid ester, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, an organochlorine compound and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an anti-allergic agent. It derives from a mometasone. it is the furoate salt form of mometasone, a synthetic topical glucocorticosteroid receptor agonist with anti-inflammatory, anti-pruritic and vasoconstrictive properties. it exerts its effect by binding to cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. This results in synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins, while inhibiting the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators.. Specifically, it appears to induce phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, thereby controlling the release of the inflammatory precursor arachidonic acid from phospholipid membrane by phospholipase A2. 
it is a dipeptide consisting of two L-alanine units joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine. 
Synthetic heroin is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide that is 3',5'-cyclic AMP in which the hydrogen at position 2 on the purine fragment is replaced by a 4-chlorophenylthio group. It has a role as a protein kinase agonist. It is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide, an adenyl ribonucleotide, an organochlorine compound and an aryl sulfide. It derives from a 3',5'-cyclic AMP. 
it is a tetrapyrrole fundamental parent that consists of four isoindole-type units, with the connecting carbon atoms in the macrocycle replaced by nitrogen. It is a tetrapyrrole fundamental parent and a member of its. 
it appears as colorless crystals. Decomposed by either strong acid or base. Used as a selective herbicide. Methyl 2-[4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)phenoxy]propanoate is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of 2-[4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)phenoxy]propanoic acid with methanol. It is an aromatic ether, a dichlorobenzene, a diether and a methyl ester. 
it is a quinoline N-oxide carrying a nitro substituent at position 4. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a C-nitro compound and a quinoline N-oxide. 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-{3-[4-cyano-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-5,5-dimethyl-4-oxo-2-thioxoimidazolidin-1-yl}-2-fluorobenzoic acid with ammonia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an androgen antagonist. It is a member of benzamides, an imidazolidinone, a nitrile, a thiocarbonyl compound, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it, also known as it, 8CI or 2-p-tolylpropionaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it, also known as 3-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, thujyl alcohol is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). it has a camphoreous and minty taste. 
it appears as a crystalline solid or a solid dissolved in a liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may slightly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be slightly toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a trihydroxyflavone that is apigenin substituted by a methoxy group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
Ononin is a 4'-methoxyisoflavone that is formononetin attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monosaccharide derivative, a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones and a 7-hydroxyisoflavones 7-O-beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a formononetin. 
it is a monoazo compound consisting of diazene with a 5-nitrothiazol-2-yl group attached to one nitrogen and a substituted 4-aminophenyl group attached to the other; used as a dye standard for the assay of allergy-releasing dyes in textiles. It has a role as a dye, a hapten and an allergen. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a monoazo compound and a tertiary amine. 
it is an organochlorine acaricide, an organofluorine acaricide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester acaricide and a pyrethroid ester insecticide. 
S-adenosyl-L-methioninate is a sulfonium betaine that is a conjugate base of S-adenosyl-L-methionine obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a L-methioninate. It is a conjugate base of a S-adenosyl-L-methionine. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is phenylhydrazine substituted at the 2- and 4-positions by nitro groups. It has a role as a reagent. It is a member of phenylhydrazines and a C-nitro compound. 
it is a 4,6,6-trimethylbicyclo[3.1.1]hept-3-en-2-one in which both chiral centres have R configuration. It is a component of Spanish verbena oil, from Verbena triphylla. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a terpenoid and a 4,6,6-trimethylbicyclo[3.1.1]hept-3-en-2-one. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-(-)-verbenone. 
A six carbon compound related to glucose. It is found naturally in citrus fruits and many vegetables. Ascorbic acid is an essential nutrient in human diets, and necessary to maintain connective tissue and bone. Its biologically active form, vitamin C, functions as a reducing agent and coenzyme in several metabolic pathways. Vitamin C is considered an antioxidant. 
it is a flavin adenine dinucleotide that is FADH2 bearing an N-sulfo substituent at position 5 of the flavin ring system.. It is a member of sulfamic acids and a flavin adenine dinucleotide. It derives from a FADH2. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is 2-aminophenol in which one of the hydrogens attached to the amino group has been replaced by an acetyl group. A positional isomer of paracetamol which possesses anti-inflammatory, anti-arthritic and anti-platelet aggregation properties. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent, a xenobiotic metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and an antirheumatic drug. It is a member of phenols and a member of acetamides. 
it is a member of the class of cyclopentanols carrying 1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl and 4-chlorobenzyl and geminal dimethyl substituents at positions 1, 2 and 5 respectively. Used to control a range of fungal infections including alternaria, rusts, fusarium and septoria diseases. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of cyclopentanols, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a tertiary alcohol, a member of triazoles, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is a synthetic melatonin analogue with hypnotic and circadian rhythm-modulating activities. it binds to and activates melatonin receptors 1 and 2 in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN) of the brain, thereby promoting the onset of sleep. Unlike the nonbenzodiazepine sedative hypnotics zolpidem and zaleplon, this agent does not activate GABA receptors and, so, produces no GABA receptor-mediated anxiolytic, myorelaxant, and amnesic effects. 
it is a dark green to violet crystalline material. Used in paints and inks, ceramics, and in textile dyeing. It is noncombustible. The primary hazard of this material is the potential for environmental damage if released. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. it is a compound of chromium and sulfate in which the ratio of chromium (in the +3 oxidation state) to sulfate is 2:3 It contains a chromium(3+). 
it is the pivalate ester prodrug of cefteram, a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. After oral administration of it, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active cefteram. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is a wettable powder. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. It is used as a pesticide. it is a phosphonic ester that is dimethyl phosphonate in which the hydrogen atom attched to the phosphorous is substituted by a 2,2,2-trichloro-1-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an anthelminthic drug and an insecticide. It is an organic phosphonate, a phosphonic ester and an organochlorine compound. it is a synthetic organoitphate compound and organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a white crystalline or colorless to yellow or pink waxy solid, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
Plicamycin, which was formerly known as mithramycin, is an antibiotic that is used as an anticancer agent in the therapy of testicular and germ cell cancers. Plicamycin causes acute hepatic injury that arises within days of starting therapy, but is usually transient and asymptomatic and rarely leads to jaundice. Plicamycin has not been approved for use as cancer chemotherapy in the United States, but continues to be used on an investigational basis. Plicamycin is an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces plicatus with antineoplastic activity. Plicamycin, also known as mithramycin, binds to the minor groove of DNA at GC-rich sites, resulting in inhibition of RNA synthesis; this agent also inhibits mRNA expression, resulting in a reduction in protein synthesis. In addition, plicamycin may inhibit bone resorption by down regulating transcription of c-src, an oncogene involved in bone metabolism and resorption. (NCI04) 
it is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is it), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is ibogamine in which the indole hydrogen para to the indole nitrogen has been replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an inhibitor, a hallucinogen and a oneirogen. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from an ibogamine. It is a conjugate base of an ite(1+). 
Benethamine is an aromatic amine that is 2-phenylethanamine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the amino group is substituted by a benzyl group. 
it appears as colorless highly toxic volatile liquid or a gas. Boiling point 3.56Â°C (38.41Â°F). Usually odorless, but has a sweetish chloroform-like odor at high concentrations. Used as an insecticide, a rodenticide, a fumigant, a nematocide, a chemical intermediate and as a fire extinguishing agent. (EPA, 1998) it is a one-carbon compound in which the carbon is attached by single bonds to three bromine atoms and one hydrogen atom. It is produced naturally by marine algae. It has a role as a fumigant insecticide, a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a member of methyl halides, a member of its and a bromohydrocarbon. 
A bile salt formed in the liver from lithocholic acid conjugation with taurine, usually as the sodium salt. It solubilizes fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is a cholagogue and choleretic. 
it, also known as 2-acetonylfuran or fema 2496, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, furylacetone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a radish and spicy tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as cereals and cereal products, coffee and coffee products, potato, and alcoholic beverages. This makes furylacetone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2-Methyl-2-[(1-oxo-2-propenyl)amino]-1-propanesulfonic acid, also known as it or 5165-97-9 (mono-hydrochloride salt), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organosulfonic acids. Organosulfonic acids are compounds containing the sulfonic acid group, which has the general structure RS(=O)2OH (R is not a hydrogen atom). 2-Methyl-2-[(1-oxo-2-propenyl)amino]-1-propanesulfonic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-2-[(1-oxo-2-propenyl)amino]-1-propanesulfonic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a fatty alcohol that is 3-octanol substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 7. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a fatty alcohol, an alkyl alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a it that has alpha configuration at the anomeric centre. It is a it and a monosaccharide sulfate. It derives from a D-galactose. 
it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a quinoxalin-2-ol. 
it is an N-(polyunsaturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine resulting from the formal condensation of carboxy group of arachidonic acid with amino group of ethanolamine. It has a role as a neurotransmitter, a vasodilator agent and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine, an endocannabinoid, a N-(polyunsaturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine and a N-acylethanolamine 20:4. It derives from an arachidonic acid. 
Ethyl 3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-2,4-dioxo-1,3-oxazolidine-5-carboxylate is the ethyl ester of 3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-2,4-dioxo-1,3-oxazolidine-5-carboxylic acid. It is a dichlorobenzene, an oxazolidinone, a dicarboximide and an ethyl ester. 
7-hydroxy-8-{[4-(phenyldiazenyl)phenyl]diazenyl}naphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is 7-hydroxynaphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid substituted at position 8 by a [4-(phenyldiazenyl)phenyl]diazenyl group. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'woodstain scarlet'. It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols and a naphthalenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-hydroxy-8-{[4-(phenyldiazenyl)phenyl]diazenyl}naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate. 
it is the zwitterion of L-pipecolic acid formed by proton transfer from the carboxy group to nitrogen; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a L-pipecolic acid. 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine having methyl substituents at the 2- and 6-positions and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 4-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. 
Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, debilitating neurological disease that can lead to profound cognitive and physical symptoms, severely affecting quality of life. It is the main cause of neurological disability not caused by trauma in the young adult population of both North America and Europe. Relapsing-remitting forms of MS lead to neurological symptoms that resolve and recur periodically. More than 80% of patients suffering from this disease have relapsing-remitting MS.  it is a new drug from the fumarate class formulated to treat various relapsing forms of MS.  This drug is bioequivalent to [Dimethyl fumarate](initially manufactured in 2013), but is less likely to cause gastrointestinal side effects, owing to its unique chemical structure. it was formulated by Alkermes in collaboration with Biogen, and approved by the FDA on October 30, 2019. 
it, also known as dihydrojasmonate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as jasmonic acids. These are lipids containing or derived from a jasmonic acid, with a structure characterized by the presence of an alkene chain linked to a 2-(3-oxocyclopentyl)acetic acid moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in broad bean, cereals and cereal products, pulses, and rye. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a derivative of cyclohepta-1,3,5-triene having a carboxy group at position 1, an oxo group at position 5 and hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 6. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-) and a it(1-). It derives from a hydride of a cyclohepta-1,3,5-triene. 
it is a member of the class of tetracyclines with formula C22H23ClN2O8 isolated from Streptomyces aureofaciens. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug, a fluorescent probe, a calcium ionophore and an antibacterial drug. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of tetracyclines. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of thienoimidazoles that is 2-oxohexahydrothieno[3,4-d]imidazole carrying an additional carboxy group at position 4 (the 3aS,4R,6aR-diastereomer). It is an azabicycloalkane, a monocarboxylic acid, a thienoimidazole, a thiabicycloalkane and a member of ureas. 
it is a second-generation, 32-amino acid peptide analogue of human amylin with antihyperglycemic activity. By mimicking amylin, it, which has a half-life similar to amylin, slows gastric emptying, inhibits digestive secretions (gastric acid, pancreatic enzymes, and bile), reduces glucagon secretion, and increases satiety. These actions result in a decrease in blood glucose levels. Furthermore, it exhibits high affinity binding to amylin, calcitonin and calcitonin-related peptide receptors. Compared to amylin, it shows a prolonged duration of action due to its slowed receptor dissociation. 
it is a prostaglandin carboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of itlpha, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a itlpha-CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of a itlpha. 
it is a metabolite of ellagic acid. It has been demonstrated to stimulate mitophagy and improve muscle health in old animals and in preclinical models of aging. 
it, also known as it or his-lys, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
S-[(2-phenylethyl)carbamothioyl]glutathione is a glutathione conjugate in which the mercapto hydrogen of glutathione has been replaced by a (2-phenylethyl)carbamothioyl group. It is a glutathione conjugate and a dithiocarbamic ester. It derives from a phenethyl isothiocyanate. It is a conjugate acid of a S-[(2-phenylethyl)carbamothioyl]glutathione(1-). 
PARP/Tankyrase Inhibitor 2X-121  is an orally available small molecule inhibitor of the nuclear enzymes poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) 1 and 2, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it selectively binds to PARP 1 and 2, thereby preventing the repair of damaged DNA via the base excision repair (BER) pathway. This agent enhances the accumulation of single and double strand DNA breaks and promotes genomic instability eventually leading to apoptosis. PARP 1/2 inhibitor it may enhance the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents and of radiotherapy. PARP catalyzes post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins that signal and recruit other proteins to repair damaged DNA. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the alpha-carboxy group of L-aspartic acid with the amino group of methyl L-phenylalaninate. Commonly used as an artificial sweetener. It has a role as a sweetening agent, a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an apoptosis inhibitor and an EC 3.1.3.1 (alkaline phosphatase) inhibitor. It is a dipeptide, a carboxylic acid and a methyl ester. It derives from a L-aspartic acid and a methyl L-phenylalaninate. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-methylacetoacetic acid. 
it, also known as carbofuran 3-OH or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarans. Coumarans are compounds containing the coumaran skeleton, which consists of a benzene ring fused to a 2, 3-dihydrofuran ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3-hydroxy-carbofuran is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
Alpha-it, also known as dihydroqinghaosu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as artemisinins. These are sesquiterpenoids originally isolated from the herb Artemisia annua. Their structure is based on artemisinin, a tetracyclic compound that contains a 1, 2-dioxepane fused to an octahydrobenzopyran moiety. The internal peroxide bridge is believed to be a key to the mode of action of artemisinins. Alpha-it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Alpha-it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, Alpha-dihydroartemisinin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is 3a,5,6,7,8,8a,9,9a-octahydronaphtho[2,3-b]furan-2-one bearing two methyl substituents at positions 5 and 8a as well as a methylidene substituent at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a sesquiterpene lactone, a naphthofuran and an olefinic compound. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03236493 (Safety and Pharmacokinetic Study of it in Japanese Healthy Volunteers). it is an orally available, selective inhibitor of non-receptor tyrosine-protein kinase TYK2 (tyrosine kinase 2) and tyrosine-protein kinase JAK1 (Janus kinase 1; JAK1) with potential immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon oral administration, it selectively binds to and inhibits the activation of TYK2 and JAK1, thereby disrupting TYK2 and JAK-1-dependent cytokine signaling. This may reduce inflammatory responses and prevent inflammation-induced damage caused by certain immunological diseases. TYK2 and JAK-1 are members of the Janus kinase family of non-receptor tyrosine kinases and are involved in signaling pathways affecting hematopoiesis, immunity and inflammation. 
it is the ethyl ester of clofibric acid. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug and an antilipemic drug. It is an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an ethyl ester. It derives from a clofibric acid. it is an aryloxyisobutyric acid derivate with antihyperlipidemic activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has not been fully characterized, it may enhance the conversion of very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) to low-density lipoprotein (LDL), decreasing the production of hepatic VLDL, inhibiting cholesterol production, and increasing fecal excretion of neutral sterols. 
it is a thromboxane B that is thromboxane B2 in which the double bond at position 5-6 has been reduced to a single bond. It is a thromboxanes B and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a lyxonate that is the conjugate base of D-lyxonic acid, obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a D-lyxonic acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-lyxonate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monohydroxyflavonoids. These are flavonoids that bear one hydroxyl group on the flavonoid skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
3,4-dihydroxyl-alpha-[methylamino]methylbenzyl alcohol appears as odorless light brown or nearly white crystals. (NTP, 1992) Adrenaline is a catecholamine in which the aminoethyl side-chain is hydroxy-substituted at C-1 and methylated on nitrogen. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is a dimeric hydrolysable tannin in which 2 moles of potentillin monomer are linked via a dehydrogalloyl group; an antitumor tannin of Agrimonia pilosa Ledeb., which induces interleukin-1. 
it is l-cysteine substituted at sulfur by a 2-boronoethyl group. It is an organoboron compound, a L-cysteine thioether and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a glycol that is hexadecane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 2. It derives from a hydride of a hexadecane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 4-benzodiazepines. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a 1, 4-azepine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in blood. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavone that is genistein in which the hydroxy group at position 7 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 1.3.1.22 [3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent and an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a member of 7-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from a genistein. It is a conjugate acid of a it-5-olate. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of gibberellin A53. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a gibberellin carboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A53. 
it is an odorless white powder. Decomposition begins at approximately 419Â°F (darkens). pH (1% solution in water) 2.5. (NTP, 1992) it is a phosphonic acid resulting from the formal oxidative coupling of the methyl group of methylphosphonic acid with the amino group of glycine. It is one of the most commonly used herbicdes worldwide, and the only one to target the enzyme 5-enolpyruvyl-3-shikimate phosphate synthase (EPSPS). It has a role as an agrochemical, an EC 2.5.1.19 (3-phosphoshikimate 1-carboxyvinyltransferase) inhibitor and a herbicide. It is a phosphonic acid and a glycine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-) and a it(1-). 
Butyl 2-methyl propanoate, also known as it or fema 2188, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). Butyl 2-methyl propanoate exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Butyl 2-methyl propanoate exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Butyl 2-methyl propanoate is a sweet, apple, and banana tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, milk and milk products, and pomes. This makes butyl 2-methyl propanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, glacial appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong odor of vinegar. Flash point 104Â°F. Density 8.8 lb / gal. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used to make other chemicals, as a food additive, and in petroleum production. it is a simple monocarboxylic acid containing two carbons. It has a role as a protic solvent, a food acidity regulator, an antimicrobial food preservative and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an acetate. it is a synthetic carboxylic acid with antibacterial and antifungal properties. Although its mechanism of action is not fully known, undissociated it may enhance lipid solubility allowing increased fatty acid accumulation on the cell membrane or in other cell wall structures. it, as a weak acid, can inhibit carbohydrate metabolism resulting in subsequent death of the organism. 
it is a carotene that is beta,psi-carotene which has been been dehydrogenated to introduce an (E)-double bond at the 3'-4' position. It is a carotene and a polyene. 
UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine is a UDP-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine in which the anomeric centre of the galactosamine moiety has alpha-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aristolane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the aristolane skeleton. Aristolanes arise from the C6, C11 cyclization of the bicyclic eremophilane skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an L-tyrosine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-tyrosine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-tyrosine derivative. 
it is a 5-hydroxylysine consisting of L-lysine having an (S)-hydroxy group at the 5-position. It is an enantiomer of a threo-5-hydroxy-D-lysine. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 4. 
it is the organic bromide salt of flutropium. It is used in Japan for the treatment asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antispasmodic drug and an anti-asthmatic drug. It contains a flutropium. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
Crystals or fine bright yellow powder. pH of 2% aqueous solution: 2.1 - 2.3. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt of tetracycline, a broad-spectrum naphthacene antibiotic produced semisynthetically from chlortetracycline, an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces aureofaciens. In bacteria, tetracycline blocks binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis and bacterial cell growth. Because naturally fluorescing tetracycline binds to newly formed bone at the bone/osteoid interface, tetracycline-labeling of bone and fluorescence microscopy may be used to perform bone histomorphometry. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of dodecanedioic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a dodecanedioic acid. 
it is a peptide anion obtained by deprotonation of the three carboxy groups of N-acetyl-Asp-Glu; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an Ac-Asp-Glu. 
Pyridine, 2-methyl-5-vinyl- is a clear to faintly opalescent liquid. Used as a monomer for resins, as an oil additive, ore flotation agent; and dye acceptor. (EPA, 1998) 
A group of naturally occurring N-and O-acyl derivatives of the deoxyamino sugar neuraminic acid. They are ubiquitously distributed in many tissues. 
Purine-6-thiol is a thiol that is the tautomer of it. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an antimetabolite. It is a tautomer of a it. It derives from a hydride of a 7H-purine. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of it, a thiopurine-derivative antimetabolite with antineoplastic and immunosuppressive activities. Produced through the metabolism of it by hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase (HGPRT), it metabolites 6-thioguanosine-5'-phosphate (6-thioGMP) and 6-thioinosine monophosphate (T-IMP) inhibit nucleotide interconversions and de novo purine synthesis, thereby blocking the formation of purine nucleotides and inhibiting DNA synthesis. This agent is also incorporated into DNA in the form of deoxythioguanosine, which results in the disruption of DNA replication. In addition, it is converted to 6-methylit ribonucleoside (MMPR) by 6-thiopurine methyltransferase; MMPRs are also potent inhibitors of de novo purine synthesis. 
it is a steroid glucosiduronic acid that is the 3-beta-D-glucuronide of estriol; a steroid hormone ligand recognised by the monoclonal antibody 4155. It has a role as an epitope and an estrogen. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid and a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It derives from an estriol. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
Carbidopa is the hydrate of 3-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid in which the hydrogens alpha- to the carboxyl group are substituted by hydrazinyl and methyl groups (S-configuration). Carbidopa is a dopa decarboxylase inhibitor, so prevents conversion of levodopa to dopamine. It has no antiparkinson activity by itself, but is used in the management of Parkinson's disease to reduce peripheral adverse effects of levodopa. It has a role as an EC 4.1.1.28 (aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase) inhibitor, an antiparkinson drug, a dopaminergic agent and an antidyskinesia agent. It is a member of hydrazines, a hydrate, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of catechols. It contains a carbidopa (anhydrous). Carbidopa is a hydrazine derivative of dopa. Carbidopa is a peripheral dopa decarboxylase inhibitor that is used as an adjunct to levodopa administration to prevent peripheral biosynthesis of levodopa to dopamine, thereby reducing peripheral side effects. Carbidopa does not penetrate the blood brain barrier so that levodopa, after it reaches the brain, can be metabolized to dopamine by dopa decarboxylase where it exerts its effect on dopamine receptors. 
9-Hydroxy-8-(2-hydroxypropan-2-yl)-2H, 8H, 9H-furo[2, 3-H]chromen-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as angular furanocoumarins. These are furanocoumarins, with a structure characterized by a furan ring angularly fused to a coumarin. 9-Hydroxy-8-(2-hydroxypropan-2-yl)-2H, 8H, 9H-furo[2, 3-H]chromen-2-one is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a C-nitro compound that is nitrobenzene in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a chloromethyl group. It has a role as a mutagen. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of benzyl chlorides. 
it is a fatty acid ester formed between stearic acid and all-trans-retinol. It derives from an all-trans-retinol and an octadecanoic acid. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors. it is a synthetic tetra-methylated derivative of nordihydroguaiaretic acid (NDGA) and transcriptional inhibitor with potential antiviral, antiangiogenic, and antineoplastic activities. it competes with the transcription factor Sp1 for specific Sp1 DNA binding domains within gene promoter regions during DNA synthesis. In virally-infected cells, blocking of the Sp1 binding site suppresses Sp1-regulated viral promoter activity and gene expression, thereby inhibiting viral transcription and replication. In tumor cells, blockage of Sp1 binding sites by this agent interferes with the transcription of the Sp1-dependant genes cyclin-dependant kinase (Cdc2), survivin, and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), which are overexpressed in a variety of cancers. By suppressing Sp1-regulated transcription of these genes, it may reduce tumor angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation and induce tumor cell apoptosis. 
Soft silvery-white metal in bulk. Dark-gray to black odorless powder. Mp: 1509Â°C; bp 2927Â°C. Density: 4.47 g cm-3 at 20Â°C. May irritate the respiratory tract if inhaled as a powder. May irritate the digestive tract if swallowed. Vapors may cause dizziness or suffocation. 
5-(2-Hydroxyethyl)-4-methylthiazole acetate, also known as 4-methyl-5-thiazoleethanol acetate or 5-thiazoleethanol, 4-methyl-, 5-acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. 5-(2-Hydroxyethyl)-4-methylthiazole acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 5-(2-hydroxyethyl)-4-methylthiazole acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5-(2-Hydroxyethyl)-4-methylthiazole acetate has a beef gravey, beef juice, and meaty taste. 
it is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor which is used in combination with diet and exercise in the therapy of type 2 diabetes, either alone or in combination with other oral hypoglycemic agents. it is a relatively new medication and has yet to be implicated in causing clinically apparent liver injury. it is a potent, selective and competitive, cyanopyrrolidine-based, orally bioavailable inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. it is metabolized into an, although less potent, active mono-hydroxy metabolite. 
4',5,7-trihydroxy-3'-methoxyflavone is the 3'-O-methyl derivative of luteolin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant and a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a luteolin. It is a conjugate acid of a 4',5-dihydroxy-3'-methoxyflavon-7-olate(1-). 
An eleven-amino acid neurotransmitter that appears in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It is involved in transmission of PAIN, causes rapid contractions of the gastrointestinal smooth muscle, and modulates inflammatory and immune responses. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of esmolol, a short and rapid-acting beta adrenergic antagonist belonging to the class II anti-arrhythmic drugs and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. it competitively blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in cardiac muscle and reduces the contractility and cardiac rate of heart muscle, thereby decreasing cardiac output and myocardial oxygen demands. This agent also decreases sympathetic output centrally and blocks renin secretion. At higher doses, it also blocks beta-2 receptors located in bronchial and vascular smooth muscle, thereby leading to smooth muscle relaxation. 
it is a member of the class of its that results from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of cinnamic acid. It is a member of its and a phenylpropanoid. It is a conjugate base of a cinnamic acid. 
it is an ergoline alkaloid arising from formal condensation of lysergic acid with diethylamine. It has a role as a hallucinogen, a serotonergic agonist and a dopamine agonist. It is an ergoline alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a lysergamide. 
it has a chemical formula CrPic3 and reddish-pink color. It is a coordination complex consisting of chromium(III) and picolinic acid. it is used as a nutritional supplement for optimal insulin function in patients with Type 2 diabetes or promotion of weight loss. Chromium ions are shown to regulate insulin by promoting glucose utilization and increasing the sensitivity of the insulin receptor. Chromium Piccolinate is a salt of the trace metallic element chromium (Cr), essential in glucose metabolism. Found in vitamins and mineral supplements, Chromium may be necessary for utilization of dietary sugars and carbohydrates by optimizing the effects of insulin. Animal studies suggest that chromium picolinate may be carcinogenic, it enters cells directly and can causes mutations. (NCI04) 
it is a disaccharide derivative that is luteolin substituted by a 2-O-(alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a metabolite. It is a neohesperidoside, a disaccharide derivative, a glycosyloxyflavone and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from a luteolin. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic.   it is a polymerase inhibitor being developed for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C. it is a prodrug of PSI-6130, which demonstrated excellent potency in preclinical studies. PSI-6130 is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog inhibitor of HCV RNA polymerase, an enzyme that is necessary for hepatitis C viral replication. it is an orally available prodrug of PSI-6130 which is a selective cytidine nucleoside analogue and non-cytotoxic hepatitis C virus (HCV) polymerase inhibitor. After intracellular uptake, it is phosphorylated into two active triphosphate metabolites, which disable HCV RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (non-structural protein 5B; NS5B) upon binding. This results in the blockage of viral HCV RNA production and thus viral replication. This agent has a high barrier to resistance, however, a substitution mutation (S282T) on HCV NS5B impairs it's activity significantly. 
it is a 2-[(diphenylmethyl)sulfinyl]acetamide that has R configuration at the sulfur atom. Like its racemate, modafinil, it is used for the treatment of sleeping disorders such as narcolepsy, obstructive sleep apnoea, and shift-work sleep disorder. Peak concentration in the blood later occurs later following administration than with modafinil, so it is thought that it may be more effective than modafinil in treating people with excessive daytime sleepiness. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant and a eugeroic. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-modafinil. it is the R-enantiomer of the racemic synthetic agent modafinil with central nervous system (CNS) stimulant and wakefulness-promoting activities. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, it appears to inhibit the reuptake of dopamine by binding to the dopamine-reuptake pump, which leads to an increase in extracellular dopamine levels in some brain regions. This agent does not bind to or inhibit several receptors and enzymes that may be involved in sleep/wake regulation and is not a direct- or indirect-acting dopamine receptor agonist. it has a longer half-life than modafinil. 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolidine-2-ones that is pyrrolidine-2-one in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen and both of the hydrogens at position 5 are replaced by methyl groups. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine and a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones. 
it, also known as it or bisoflex des, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, diethyl decanedioate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a mild, fruity, and melon taste. 
A drug that has analgesic and anti-inflammatory properties. Following reports of adverse reactions including reports of carcinogenicity in animal studies it was withdrawn from the market worldwide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p21) 
Standard or unfractionated it is a complex mixture of naturally occurring glycosaminoglycans and is used as an anticoagulant to treat venous thrombosis or to prevent thrombosis in high risk patients. it therapy is associated with frequent elevations in serum aminotransferase levels that are typically transient and not associated with clinical symptoms or significant liver injury. it is a low molecular weight, synthetic it. As an anticoagulant/antithrombotic agent, enoxaprin's mechanism of action is similar to that of it, although it exhibits a higher ratio of anti-Factor Xa to anti-Factor IIa activity. This agent also has anti-inflammatory properties, inhibiting monocyte adhesion to tumor necrosis factor alpha- or lipopolysaccharide-activated endothelial cells. Compared to unfractionated its, the use of it is associated with lower incidences of osteoporosis and it-induced thrombocytopenia. (NCI04) Dalteparin is a low molecular weight, synthetic it. As an anticoagulant/antithrombotic agent, dalteparin binds to antithrombin and enhances the inhibition of Factor Xa. Compared to unfractionated its, the use of dalteparin is associated with lower incidences of osteoporosis and it-induced thrombocytopenia. (NCI04) it is a sulfur-rich glycosaminoglycan with anticoagulant property. it binds to antithrombin III to form a it-antithrombin III complex. The complex binds to and irreversibly inactivates thrombin and other activated clotting factors, such as factors IX, X, XI, and XII, thereby preventing the polymerization of fibrinogen to fibrin and the subsequent formation of clots. Semuloparin is an ultralow-molecular-weight it (ULMWH) (Mw: 2000-3000 daltons)consisting of a polydisperse mixture of oligomeric it fragments with potential anticoagulant activity. Ultralow-molecular-weight it AVE5026 binds to and activates antithrombin III (ATIII), which may result in the inhibition of activated factor Xa and, to a much lesser extent, factor IIa (thrombin) and so the inhibition of fibrin formation. Compared to low-molecular-weight its (LMWHs), AVE5026 exhibits an even higher ratio of anti-Factor Xa to anti-Factor IIa activity (>30:1). Compared to unfractionated its, the use of LMWHs is associated with lower incidences of major bleeding, osteoporosis and it-induced thrombocytopenia. Like LMWHs, this agent may inhibit tumor growth by regulating angiogenesis and apoptosis. AVE5026 is prepared by partial depolymerization of unfractionated porcine mucosal it. Tinzaparin is a low molecular weight it (LMWH), obtained by controlled enzymatic depolymerization of it from porcine intestinal mucosa, with antithrombotic properties. Tinzaparin is a potent inhibitor of several activated coagulation factors, especially Factors Xa and IIa (thrombin); its primary activity is mediated through the plasma protease inhibitor antithrombin. In addition, this agent may inhibit angiogenesis through: 1) competitive binding of the it-binding sites on endothelial cells for the proangiogenic cytokines vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and beta-fibroblast growth factor (beta-FGF) and 2) increasing the release of tissue factor pathway inhibitor (TFPI), a negative regulator of angiogenesis. 
All-trans-it is an it, a retinoid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a keratolytic drug. it is an orally-active metabolite of the synthetic aromatic retinoic acid agent itate with potential antineoplastic, chemopreventive, anti-psoratic, and embryotoxic properties. it activates nuclear retinoic acid receptors (RAR), resulting in induction of cell differentiation, inhibition of cell proliferation, and inhibition of tissue infiltration by inflammatory cells. This agent may also inhibit tumor angiogenesis. (NCI04) 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is the dipivalate ester of (+-)-epinephrine (racepinephrine). A pro-drug of epinephrine, the hydrochloride is used topically as eye drops to reduce intra-ocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. It has a role as a prodrug, an adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent, an antiglaucoma drug and an ophthalmology drug. It is a member of ethanolamines and a pivalate ester. It derives from an adrenaline. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an ester prodrug of epinephrine, with sympathomimetic activity. Due to its lipophilicity, it penetrates more easily to the anterior chamber of the eye and is hydrolyzed to epinephrine, when applied locally. Epinephrine, an adrenergic agonist, enhances the outflow of aqueous humor and decreases the production of aqueous humor by vasoconstriction. The overall result is a reduction in intraocular pressure. 
it is a member of the class of 2,5-diketopiperazines that is piperazine-2,5-dione in which the two hydrogen at position 3 and those at position 6 are replaced by benzylidene and isobutylidene groups (the 3Z,6Z-geoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group from biphenyl-4-ylacetic acid with the amino group of 2-aminopyridine. Used for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic and an antipyretic. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of pyridines and a member of biphenyls. It derives from a biphenyl-4-ylacetic acid. 
it is a member of the class of pyrroles carrying cyano and 2,3-dichlorophenyl substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. A fungicide used mainly to control seed-borne pathogens in cereal crops. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of pyrroles, a nitrile and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic that is narbonolide having a 3,4,6-trideoxy-3-(dimethylamino)-beta-D-xylo-hexopyranosyl residue attached at position 6. It is biosynthesised by Streptomyces venezuelae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative and an enone. It derives from a narbonolide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a 1-(phosphoribosyl)imidazolecarboxamide resulting from the formal condesation of the darboxy group of 5-amino-1-(5-O-phosphono-beta-D-ribofuranosyl)-1H-imidazole-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of L-aspartic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is the gamma-D-glutamyl derivative of meso-diaminopimelic acid. Minimal ligand of NOD1. It is a tricarboxylic acid, a D-glutamic acid derivative and a D-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a one-carbon compound and an acyl monophosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
Methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)alaninate is an alanine derivative that is methyl alaninate in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a methoxyacetyl group, while the other is substituted by a 2,6-dimethylphenyl group. It is an alanine derivative, an aromatic amide, a carboxamide, an ether and a methyl ester. 
it is conjugate base of S-sulfanylglutathione having both carboxy groups in anionic form and a protonated primary amino group. It is a conjugate base of a S-sulfanylglutathione. 
it is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-methyl-4-(trifluoromethyl)thiazole-5-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 2,6-dibromo-4-(trifluoromethoxy)aniline. Used to control Rhizoctonia spp. diseases on rice, potatoes, maize, grass and other crops. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic amide, an aromatic ether, an organofluorine compound, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a dibromobenzene and an anilide fungicide. 
it is the simplest member of the class fluoren-9-ones that is 9H-fluorene bearing an oxo substituent at position 9. It has a role as a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. 
A sympathomimetic agent that acts predominantly at alpha-1 adrenergic receptors. It has been used primarily as a vasoconstrictor in the treatment of HYPOTENSION. 
MS-417 is a member of the class of thienotriazolodiazepines that is the methyl ester of [(6S)-4-(4-chlorophenyl)-2,3,9-trimethyl-6H-thieno[3,2-f][1,2,4]triazolo[4,3-a][1,4]diazepin-6-yl]acetic acid. A bromodomain and extra-terminal domain (BET)-specific inhibitor that belongs to a group of thienodiazepine-based compounds It is a thienotriazolodiazepine, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a methyl ester. It is an enantiomer of a MS-566. 
it appears as white solid with a flowery odor. May float or sink in water. (USCG, 1999) it is the simplest member of the class of its, being formaldehyde in which both hydrogens are replaced by phenyl groups. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is the cis isomer of clomiphene which exhibits weak estrogen agonist activity evaluated for antineoplastic activity against breast cancer. (NCI04) 
it is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic which has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Gonorrhea, Hepatic Impairment, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Skin Structure Infections, and Community Acquired Pneumonia, among others. It was approved in June 2017 under the trade name it for use in the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of indoles, a member of 1,3-thiazoles and an imidothioate. It derives from a camalexin. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline substituted by an amino group at position 4, methoxy groups at positions 6 and 7 and a piperazin-1-yl group at position 2 which in turn is substituted by a 2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxin-2-ylcarbonyl group at position 4. An antihypertensive agent, it is used in the treatment of high blood pressure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, an antineoplastic agent, a vasodilator agent and an antihyperplasia drug. It is a member of quinazolines, a N-acylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a benzodioxine, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an aromatic amine. it is a quinazoline with antihypertensive and antineoplastic properties. it is an alpha-adrenergic antagonist that selectively inhibits alpha-1 adrenergic receptors. Blockages of the alpha-1 adrenergic action on the vascular smooth muscles lead to a decrease in vascular resistance and antihypertensive activity. This agent also shows high affinity to alpha-1c adrenoceptor, the predominant functional type in the prostate, which may partially attribute to its effect in treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. Furthermore, it induces apoptosis in prostate cancer cells mediated through inhibition of protein kinase B (PKB)/Akt-signaling death receptor regulatory pathway. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a hapalindole that is hapalindole H in which the octahydronaphthalene ring junction carbons both have S configuration instead of R. It is an isocyanide, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a hapalindole. 
it is an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid fluorophore with a structure consisting of ethylenediamine substituted on the nitrogens with acetyl and 5-sulfonyl-1-naphthyl groups. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. 
it, also known as minamestane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point 180Â°F. Insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used to manufacture other chemicals and as a fungicide. it is a benzenoid aromatic compound that consists of two benzene rings connected by a single covalent bond. it occurs naturally in coal tar, crude oil, and natural gas. Formerly used as a fungicide for citrus crops. It has a role as an antimicrobial food preservative and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzenes, an aromatic fungicide and a member of its. 
An octapeptide inhibitor of paracellular permeability whose structure is derived from a protein (zonula occludens toxin) secreted by Vibrio cholerae for treatment of Coeliac disease. 
it, also known as it or 4-methoxy-benzenemethanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyl alcohols. These are organic compounds containing the phenylmethanol substructure. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, caramel, and chocolate tasting compound that can be found in anise and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a lactol that is DIBOA in which the hydrogen at position 7 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has been isolated from the maize plants. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an allelochemical. It is a lactol, a benzoxazine, an aromatic ether and a cyclic hydroxamic acid. It derives from a DIBOA. 
it, also known as a-amyrone or 12-ursen-3-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Alpha-amyrone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alpha-amyrone can be found in black elderberry, fruits, rosemary, and shea tree. This makes Alpha-amyrone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as it or fema 3159, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a coffee and roasted tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products and nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a urocanic acid in which the double bond of the carboxyethene moiety has Z configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a cis-urocanate. 
it is the amide obtained by formal condensation of 3,4,5-trihydroxybenzoic acid with 4-[2-(N,N-dimethylamino)ethoxy]benzylamine. It is used to prevent nausea and vomitting in humans. It has a role as an antiemetic. It is a tertiary amino compound and a member of benzamides. 
it is a stereoisomer of it having (R)-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-it. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-it. 
it is a L-threonine derivative. It has a role as a coenzyme. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a hydrazone, a pyridazinone and a nitrile. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, an EC 3.1.4.17 (3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide phosphodiesterase) inhibitor, a cardiotonic drug and an anti-arrhythmia drug. 
it is a five-membered monocyclic heteroarene composed of four CH units and one tellurium atom. The parent of the class of its. It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene and a member of its. 
it is an orally bioavailable small-molecule with tubulin-inhibiting, vascular-disrupting, and potential antineoplastic activities. it inhibits tubulin polymerization in tumor blood vessel endothelial cells and tumor cells, blocking the formation of the mitotic spindle and leading to cell cycle arrest at the G2/M phase; this may result in disruption of the tumor vasculature and tumor blood flow, and tumor cell death. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining ivabradine with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used to treat patients with angina who have intolerance to beta blockers and/or heart failure. It has a role as a cardiotonic drug. It contains an ivabradine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of ivabradine, an orally bioavailable, hyperpolarization-activated, cyclic nucleotide-gated (HCN) channel blocker, with negative chronotropic activity. Upon administration, ivabradine selectively binds to the intracellular portion of the HCN channel pore and blocks HCN channels in the pacemaker cells within the sinoatrial (SA) node. This inhibits the If (funny) pacemaker ion current, prevents the inward flow and intracellular accumulation of positively charged ions, reduces pacemaker activity and slows diastolic depolarization. This decreases heart rate, reduces myocardial oxygen demand and allows more time for blood to flow to the myocardium without affecting cardiac contractility. HCN channels, mixed sodium (Na+) and potassium (K+) channels that carry the inward If current, play a key role in the regulation of pacemaker firing rate in the SA node. The If pacemaker current, the inward flow of positively charged Na+-K+ ions, initiates the spontaneous diastolic depolarization phase and modulating heart rate. 
Chloropropionic acid appears as a colorless to white colored crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propanoic acid substituted at position 2 by a chloro group (the S-enantiomer). It has a role as a neurotoxin. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a chlorocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-2-chloropropanoate. 
A synthetic nondepolarizing blocking drug. The actions of it are similar to those of tubocurarine, but this agent blocks the cardiac vagus and may cause sinus tachycardia and, occasionally, hypertension and increased cardiac output. It should be used cautiously in patients at risk from increased heart rate but may be preferred for patients with bradycardia. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p198) 
it is dianion of S-methyl-5-thio-D-ribulose 1-phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a S-methyl-5-thio-D-ribulose 1-phosphate. 
it appears as a white or off-white solid. Melting point 200Â°C with decomposition. Non-combustible. it is a metal sulfate compound having copper(2+) as the metal ion. It has a role as a sensitiser, a fertilizer and an emetic. It contains a copper(2+). 
it is an orally available selective antagonist of the endothelin-A (ET-A) receptor with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds selectively to the ET-A receptor, thereby inhibiting endothelin-mediated mechanisms that promote tumor cell proliferation. 
Alpha-N-acetylneuraminyl-(2->6)-beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine is an amino trisaccharide consisting of an N-acetyl-alpha-neuraminyl residue attached to the galactose residue of N-acetyllactosamine via an alpha-(2->6)-linkage. It has a role as an epitope. It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-N-acetylneuraminyl-(2->6)-beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine(1-). 
it is a dipeptide formed from glycine and L-asparagine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Tergitol is a poly(ethylene glycol) derivative that is poly(ethylene glycol) in which one of the terminal hydroxy groups has been converted into the corresponding p-nonylphenyl ether. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. It is a poly(ethylene glycol) derivative and a hydroxypolyether. 
it(0) is an elemental lead. It has a role as a neurotoxin. it Metal is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 82, and atomic weight 207.2. 
it is a flavone C-glycoside that is 7-O-methylapigenin in which the hydrogen at position 6 has been replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an adenosine A1 receptor antagonist, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a flavone C-glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a polyphenol, a monomethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
Beta-Cadinene, also known as it or cadina-3, 9-diene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Beta-Cadinene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Beta-Cadinene has been primarily detected in saliva. Within the cell, Beta-cadinene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Beta-Cadinene is a green and woody tasting compound that can be found in common oregano, common thyme, ginger, and sweet basil. This makes Beta-cadinene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of N-acetyl-1-methyl-L-histidine, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetyl-1-methyl-L-histidine. 
it appears as an odorless white crystalline solid. Density 5.4 g / cm3. Melting point 277Â°C. Slightly volatile at ordinary temperatures. Can be sublimed unchanged. Corrosive to the mucous membranes. Toxic by inhalation (dusts, etc.), ingestion, and skin absorption. Used in photography, disinfectants, wood preservatives, fungicides. Mercury dichloride is a mercury coordination entity made up of linear triatomic molecules in which a mercury atom is bonded to two chlorines. Water-soluble, it is highly toxic. Once used in a wide variety of applications, including preserving wood and anatomical specimens, embalming and disinfecting, as an intensifier in photography, as a mordant for rabbit and beaver furs, and freeing gold from lead, its use has markedly declined as less toxic alternatives have been developed. It has a role as a sensitiser. 
2-Methylacetoacetyl-CoA, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. 2-Methylacetoacetyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Methylacetoacetyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methylacetoacetyl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. In humans, 2-methylacetoacetyl-CoA is involved in the valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation pathway. 2-Methylacetoacetyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA lyase deficiency, the isovaleric acidemia pathway, methylmalonate semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency, and Beta-ketothiolase deficiency. 
it appears as a liquid. Presents a threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limits its spread to the environment. Easily penetrates the soil and contaminates groundwater or nearby waterways. it is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene consisting of five fused benzene rings. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a mouse metabolite. 3,4-Benzpyrene is a crystalline, aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of five fused benzene rings and formed during the incomplete combustion of organic matter. 3,4-Benzpyrene is primarily found in gasoline and diesel exhaust, cigarette smoke, coal tar and coal tar pitch, charcoal-broiled foods and certain other foods, amino acids, fatty acids and carbohydrate pyrolysis products, soot smoke, creosote oil, petroleum asphalt and shale oils. This substance is used only for research purposes. 3,4-Benzpyrene is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an oxaspiro compound that is dispiro[cyclohexane-1,3'-[1,2,4]trioxolane-5',2''-tricyclo[3.3.1.1(3,7)]decane] substituted by a 2-[(2-amino-2-methylpropyl)amino]-2-oxoethyl group at position 4s. Its maleic acid salt is used as an antimalarial drug in combination with piperaquine. It has a role as an antimalarial and an antiplasmodial drug. It is a member of adamantanes, a secondary carboxamide, a primary amino compound, a trioxolane and an oxaspiro compound. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-phenylalanine and L-aspartic acid residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-phenylalanine and a L-aspartic acid. 
Erbulozole is a water soluble congener of tubulozole and a tubulin binding agent with potential antimitotic and antineoplastic activities. Erbulozole targets and binds to tubulin, thereby preventing the polymerization of tubulin. This may lead to an inhibition of cell division and induction of apoptosis. 
Sulfamethoxazole with trimethoprim is a fixed antibiotic combination that is widely used for mild-to-moderate bacterial infections and as prophylaxis against opportunistic infections. Like other sulfonamide-containing medications, this combination has been linked to rare instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is an organofluorine compound. It has a role as a blood substitute. It derives from a hydride of an isoquinoline. 
Oxypeucedanin is a furanocoumarin that is 7H-furo[3,2-g][1]benzopyran-7-one substituted by a [(2S)-3,3-dimethyloxiran-2-yl]methoxy group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furanocoumarin, a lactone and an epoxide. 
it is a fluorescein compound having chloro substituents in the 4'- and 5'-positions, methoxy substituents in the 2'- and 7'-positions and a carboxy substituent at the 6-position. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It derives from a fluorescein. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of LYMPHOMA, Neoplasms, Solid Tumor, COLON CANCER, and BREAST CANCER, among others. 
Tetrodotoxin is a neurotoxin with potential analgesic activity. Tetrodotoxin binds to the pores of fast voltage-gated fast sodium channels in nerve cell membranes, inhibiting nerve action potentials and blocking nerve transmission. Although found in various species of fish (such as the pufferfish), newts, frogs, flatworms, and crabs, tetrodotoxin, for which there is no known antidote, is actually produced by bacteria such as Vibrio alginolyticus, Pseudoalteromonas tetraodonis, and other vibrio and pseudomonas bacterial species. 
it is a second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic having N(1)-methyltetrazol-5-ylthiomethyl, {[(cyanomethyl)sulfanyl]acetyl}amino and methoxy side-groups at positions 3, 7beta and 7alpha respectively of the parent cephem bicyclic structure. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a second-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
it is a 17-oxo steroid that is estrone in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid, a 17-oxo steroid, an alicyclic ketone, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It derives from an estrone. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01892189 (Effects of it on Preventing Ketamine-Induced Brain Activity Changes as Well as Psychotic-Like Symptoms in Healthy Male Adults). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in citrus. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the L-alpha-amino acid that is N-acetyl-alpha-neuraminyl-(2->6)-N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine linked via an alpha glycosidic bond to the O at position 3 of L-serine. It is a L-serine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it appears as odorless yellow powder or crystalline solid. Melting point 316Â°C. Almost tasteless at first and with a slightly bitter aftertaste. Acidified solutions give a blue fluorescence. Used as a diuretic drug. it is pteridine substituted at positions 2, 4 and 7 with amino groups and at position 6 with a phenyl group. A sodium channel blocker, it is used as a diuretic in the treatment of hypertension and oedema. It has a role as a diuretic and a sodium channel blocker. it is a pteridine derivative with potassium-sparing diuretic property. it blocks the sodium-potassium exchange pump (Na-K-ATPase) in the luminal membrane of principal cells in the late distal tubule, cortical collecting tubule and collecting duct in the kidney. This reversible inhibition of the electrogenic sodium transport decreases the lumen-negative transepithelial potential difference and thus reduces the driving force for K+ movement into the tubular lumen resulting in the inhibition of sodium reabsorption in exchange for K+ and H+. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow liquid with a pungent odor. Consists of a solution of it in water. Fumes irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and to tissue. Iodine atom is chemical element with atomic number 53. It has a role as a micronutrient and a human metabolite. Iodine I-125 is a radioactive isotope of iodine, a nonmetallic element of the halogen group. With a half-life of 60 days, iodine 125 occurs naturally and can be produced artificially. This agent has both therapeutic and diagnostic uses, particularly in thyroid disease. (NCI04) 
it is a hydroxybutanoyl-CoA having 3-hydroxybutanoyl as the S-acyl component. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA and a hydroxybutanoyl-CoA. It derives from a butyryl-CoA and a 3-hydroxybutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
3-Methoxy-4, 5-methylenedioxybenzoic acid, also known as 5-methoxypiperonylic acid or myristicic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gallic acid and derivatives. Gallic acid and derivatives are compounds containing a 3, 4, 5-trihydroxybenzoic acid moiety. 3-Methoxy-4, 5-methylenedioxybenzoic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-methoxy-4, 5-methylenedioxybenzoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-methoxy-4, 5-methylenedioxybenzoic acid can be found in green vegetables. This makes 3-methoxy-4, 5-methylenedioxybenzoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a it trisaccharide in which the glucose residue at the reducing end is in the pyranose ring form and has alpha configuration at the anomeric carbon atom.. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 130Â°F. Less dense (7.5 lb / gal) than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make resins adhesives, and oil additives. 
it is a member of the class of barbiturates taht is barbituric acid substituted at N-1 by methyl and at C-5 by methyl and cyclohex-1-enyl groups. It derives from a barbituric acid. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is the 2-oxo derivative of butanoic acid. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a short-chain fatty acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxobutanoate. 
4-Fumarylacetoacetate(2-) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain keto acids and derivatives. These are keto acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain. 4-Fumarylacetoacetate(2-) is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02674347 (MAD Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Intravenous it in Healthy Adults). 
it is an L-tyrosyl ester that is the methyl ester of L-tyrosine. It is a methyl ester and a L-tyrosyl ester. 
it is a deoxyribulose phosphate that is D-ribulose 5-phosphate in which the hydroxy group at position 1 is replaced by a 2-carboxyphenylamino group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a D-ribulose and an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-(2-carboxylatophenylamino)-1-deoxy-D-ribulose 5-phosphate(3-). 
it is a 6-O-(beta-D-xylopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranoside in which the anomeric substituent is specified as 2-phenylethyl. It has a role as a Camellia sinensis metabolite. It derives from a 2-phenylethanol. 
it is a formulation containing inosine, 4-acetamidobenzoic Acid, and N,N-dimethylaminoisopropanol, with immunomodulatory and antiviral activities. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, it appears to act as a thymus hormone analog; following administration, this agent may both induce T-cell differentiation and potentiate lymphoproliferative responses against transformed or virally-infected cells. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of sarin; the more potent enantiomer of racemic sarin, a nerve agent that is employed as a chemical warfare agent. It has a role as a neurotoxin and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-sarin. 
it, [liquid] appears as a colorless liquid. Boiling point 217.5Â°C, Flash point 230Â°F. Density 1.23 g / cm3. May be toxic by ingestion or inhalation. Severely irritates skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Used as a solvent. 
it is a member of the class of azadirachtin found in the neem tree, Azadirachta indica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an azadirachtin and a methyl ester. 
it is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of it, arising from protonation of the hemiaminal nitrogen; major species at pH 7.3. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a beta-phellandrene in which the chiral centre has S configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-beta-phellandrene. 
it is the cephem double ester prodrug of cefcanel, a semisynthetic third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it is hydrolyzed in the intestinal lumen and in the gut wall by esterases to form the active metabolite cefcanel. Cefcanel binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a pyranone that is 2H-pyran-2-one in which the hydrogens at positions 4 and 6 are substituted by hydroxy and pentyl groups respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a polyketide and a member of 2-pyranones. 
A bile acid, usually conjugated with either glycine or taurine. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for intestinal absorption and is reabsorbed by the small intestine. It is used as cholagogue, a choleretic laxative, and to prevent or dissolve gallstones. 
ite is an oxaspiro compound and steroid alkaloid sapogenin with formula C27H43NO2 found in the Solanum (nightshade) family. It is used as a precursor in the synthesis of complex steroidal compounds such as contraceptive pills. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a teratogenic agent, a diuretic, an antifungal agent, a cardiotonic drug, an immunomodulator, an antipyretic, an apoptosis inducer, an antioxidant, an antiinfective agent, an anticonvulsant, a central nervous system depressant and an antispermatogenic agent. It is an azaspiro compound, an oxaspiro compound, an alkaloid antibiotic, a hemiaminal ether, a sapogenin and a steroid alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a solasodine(1+). 
Sodium 2-diazo-1-naphthol-4-sulfonate appears as a white to light colored solid substance. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. May ignite and burn with an intense flame if exposed to high temperatures or flame. 
Resiniferatoxin is a heteropentacyclic compound found in Euphorbia poissonii with molecular formula C37H40O9. It is an agonist of the transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TrpV1). It has a role as a TRPV1 agonist, a plant metabolite, a neurotoxin and an analgesic. It is a diterpenoid, an ortho ester, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone, a member of phenols, a monomethoxybenzene, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a carboxylic ester and an enone. 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is 5-oxo-1,2,4-triazole which is substituted at positions 1, 3, and 4 by 2,4-dichloro-5-[(methylsulfonyl)amino]phenyl, methyl, and difluoromethyl groups, respectively. A protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide to control broad-leaved weeds in soya and tobacco crops. Not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a sulfonamide, a dichlorobenzene, an organofluorine compound and a member of triazoles. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methylbutyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a floral and fruity taste. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 3-hydroxyoctanoic acid; an important building block in the biomedical and pharmaceutical fields. It is a 3-hydroxyoctanoic acid and a (3R)-3-hydroxy fatty acid. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-3-hydroxyoctanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol which is substituted by a propyl group at position 2. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of an analogue of the antimetabolite nucleoside deoxycytidine with antineoplastic activity. Gemcitabine is converted intracellularly to the active metabolites difluorodeoxycytidine di- and triphosphate (dFdCDP, dFdCTP). dFdCDP inhibits ribonucleotide reductase, thereby decreasing the deoxynucleotide pool available for DNA synthesis; dFdCTP is incorporated into DNA, resulting in DNA strand termination and apoptosis. 
A hydrated form of silicon dioxide. It is commonly used in the manufacture of TOOTHPASTES and as a stationary phase for CHROMATOGRAPHY. 
it is a N-alkylglycine that is the N-methyl derivative of glycine. It is an intermediate in the metabolic pathway of glycine. It has a role as a glycine transporter 1 inhibitor, a glycine receptor agonist, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a N-alkylglycine, a N-methyl-amino acid and a member of its. It is a conjugate base of a sarcosinium. It is a conjugate acid of a sarcosinate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Hexahydro-2', 3alpha-dimethylspiro[1, 3-dithiolo[4, 5-b]furan-2, 3'(2'H)-furan] belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monothioketals. Monothioketals are compounds containing a monothioketal functional group with the general structure R2C(OR')(SR') with (R = any atom but H). Hexahydro-2', 3alpha-dimethylspiro[1, 3-dithiolo[4, 5-b]furan-2, 3'(2'H)-furan] is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, hexahydro-2', 3alpha-dimethylspiro[1, 3-dithiolo[4, 5-b]furan-2, 3'(2'H)-furan] is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Hexahydro-2', 3alpha-dimethylspiro[1, 3-dithiolo[4, 5-b]furan-2, 3'(2'H)-furan] has a meaty taste. 
1-(L-norleucin-6-yl)pyrraline is an N-substituted pyrraline formed via Maillard reaction of L-lysine with glucose. It is a L-lysine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a N-substituted pyrraline. 
it is a colorless or amber colored liquid with a disagreeable odor. It is a wettable emulsifiable liquid. It is toxic by inhalation, skin absorption, and/or ingestion. It burns, but is not easily ignited. Fire may produce toxic and irritating fumes. It is used as a pesticide. May be found in the form of a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. it is an organic thiophosphate that is S,S'-methanediyl bis[dihydrogen (phosphorodithioate)] in which all the hydroxy groups have been converted to their corresponding ethyl esters respectively. it is an organophosphate insecticide with inhibitory activity towards the enzyme acetylcholinesterase ( EC 3.1.1.7). It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an insecticide and an environmental contaminant. 
3-Methylbutyl 3-oxobutanoate, also known as 3-methylbutyl acetoacetate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C3 carbon atom. 3-Methylbutyl 3-oxobutanoate is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Methylbutyl 3-oxobutanoate has a sweet, ethereal, and fermented taste. 
it is an odorless, white powdery fibers. Density: 1.5 g/cm3. The biopolymer composing the cell wall of vegetable tissues. Prepared by treating cotton with an organic solvent to de-wax it and removing pectic acids by extration with a solution of sodium hydroxide. The principal fiber composing the cell wall of vegetable tissues (wood, cotton, flax, grass, etc.). Technical uses depend on the strength and flexibility of its fibers. Insoluble in water. Soluble with chemical degradation in sulfuric aicd, and in concentrated solutions of zinc chloride. Soluble in aqueous solutions of cupric ammonium hydroxide (Cu(NH3)4(OH)2). 
it is a steroid phosphate that is the 21-O-phospho derivative of dexamethasone. It has a role as a glucocorticoid receptor agonist. It is a steroid phosphate, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a fluorinated steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a dexamethasone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the two acyl substituents at positions 1 and 2 are specified as stearoyl and acetyl respectively. It derives from an acetic acid and an octadecanoic acid. 
it, also known as (phenylmethyl)-penicillin or benzylpenicillin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, hexyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, apple, and berry taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazinecarboxamides. Pyrazinecarboxamides are compounds containing a pyrazine ring which bears a carboxamide. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a yellow, resembling corn meal. Used as a single-dose, acute rodenticide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a 2-(tert-butylimino)-5-phenyl-3-(propan-2-yl)-1,3,5-thiadiazinan-4-one in which the C=N double bond has Z configuration. It has a role as an insecticide and a member of homopteran inhibitor of chitin biosynthesis. 
it is a C-nucleoside phosphate consisting of pseudouridine having a monophosphate group at the 5'-position. It derives from a pseudouridine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a medium-chain, unsaturated, straight-chain fatty acid anion and the conjugate base of dec-9-enoic acid (caproleic acid), arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It is a medium-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain fatty acid anion and an unsaturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a dec-9-enoic acid. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-aspartic acid and L-arginine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid and a L-arginine. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphate in which both phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl). It is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3-phosphate and a 1,2-dipalmitoylglycero-3-phospho-(1'-D-myo-inositol-3'-phosphate). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a nitrile that acts as an L-type calcium channel blocker. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker, an anti-arrhythmia drug and a vasodilator agent. It is an aromatic ether, a nitrile and a tertiary amino compound. 
it exhibits extremely potent inhibitory activity against chitinases from a number of sources, particularly from Candida albicans, and can be utilized as potent antifungal agent. 
it is a benzenedicarboxamide compound having N-substituted carbamoyl groups at the 1- and 3-positions, iodo substituents at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions and a 3-hydroxy-2-(hydroxymethyl)propanimido at position 5. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a radioopaque medium. It is an organoiodine compound, a hexol and a benzenedicarboxamide. it is a water-soluble, tri-iodinated, non-ionic monomeric benzoate derivative and contrast medium used in diagnostic radiography. Upon administration, it is distributed through the vascular system and interstitial space. Like other organic iodine compounds, this agent blocks x-rays and appears opaque on x-ray film thus, enhancing the visibility of body parts containing this agent. it is rapidly removed by the kidneys in an unchanged form, and in cases of renal failure, heterotropic excretion occurs via the biliary route. 
it is a steroid saponin that consists of digoxigenin having a digitoxosyl residue attached at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a cardenolide glycoside, a digitoxoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a steroid saponin. It derives from a digoxigenin. 
it is a member of the class of 2,5-diketopiperazines that is piperazine-2,5-dione in which one hydrogen at position 3 and one hydrogen at position 6 are replaced by isobutyl groups (the 3S,6S-diastereomer). 
Pyridinium-3,5-bisthiocarboxylic acid mononucleotide is a pyridine nucleotide having pyridinium-3,5-bisthiocarboxylic acid as the nucleobase. It is a nucleoside 5'-monophosphate, a pyridine nucleotide and a monothiocarboxylic acid. It derives from a nicotinic acid D-ribonucleotide. It is a conjugate acid of a pyridinium-3,5-bisthiocarboxylate mononucleotide(3-). 
it is the amino acid it derived from git. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an amino-acid it and a git derivative. It is a conjugate base of a N,N,N-trimethylglycinium. 
it is the sulfate salt form of isoproterenol, a beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. Isoproterenol binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, thereby activating intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, improve mucociliary clearance and inhibit the release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells. 
it is a gamma-lactone that is oxolan-2-one substituted by an ethyl group at position 5. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a mild sweet odor. Flash point 113Â°F. A moderate fire risk. Inhalation may cause adverse effects. Insoluble in water and very soluble in alcohols and ethers. When heated to high temperatures emits acrid smoke and fumes. Used as a solvent and as a propellant in aerosols. it is the acetate ester of hexan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hexan-1-ol. 
it is a furopyran and lactone that is (2H-pyran-3(6H)-ylidene)acetic acid which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 an 6 and in which the hydroxy group at position 4 has condensed with the carboxy group to give the corresponding bicyclic lactone. Also known as it, it is a mycotoxic substance produced by Aspergillus and Penicillium species. It has a role as a mycotoxin, an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, a furopyran and a lactol. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of picloram with methanol. It has a role as a herbicide. It is an aminopyridine, a chloropyridine and a methyl ester. It derives from a picloram. 
it is an organic phosphonate that is the tetraethyl ester of [2-(3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)ethene-1,1-diyl]bis(phosphonic acid). It has a role as a pregnane X receptor agonist. It is a member of phenols and an organic phosphonate. 
Lavandulol is a monoterpenoid alcohol that is hepta-1-5-diene which is substituted at positions 2 and 6 by methyl groups and at position 3 by a hydroxymethyl group. It is commonly found in lavender oil. It has a role as a fragrance, a pheromone and a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid and a primary alcohol. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 3-chloro-2-methylphenyl group. it is used specifically for relieving the pain of migraine. It also shows anticancer activity. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor. It is an aminobenzoic acid, an organochlorine compound and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
it is a 2-aminoicosane-1,3-diol having (2S,3R)-configuration. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it radical is an alpha-amino-acid radical. It derives from a tyrosine. It is a conjugate base of a it radical cation. 
it is a tetramethoxyflavone that is the tetra-O-methyl derivative of scutellarein. It has a role as an antimutagen and a plant metabolite. It derives from a scutellarein. 
it is a pale yellow to yellow-brown liquid. Non corrosive. Used as an insecticide. it is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide. It derives from a chrysanthemic acid. 
, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. Thus, is considered to be an oxygenated hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). is a baked and fruity tasting compound that can be found in milk and milk products. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2'. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of phenols and a member of chalcones. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
it is a 1,1-diunsubstituted alkanesulfonate that is the conjugate base of methanesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate base of a methanesulfonic acid. 
it(4-) is an acyl-CoA(4-) that is the tetraanion of it arising from deprotonation of the phosphate and diphosphate OH groups. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl-3-hexanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it can be biosynthesized from 3-hexenoic acid. 
A dye which inhibits protein biosynthesis at the initial stages. The ammonium salt (it) is a reagent for the colorimetric estimation of aluminum in water, foods, and tissues. 
it is a C4-dicarboxylate that is the E-isomer of but-2-enedioate(2-) It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a butenedioate and a C4-dicarboxylate. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it is a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid formed from 11-deoxycorticosterone by reduction across the C4-C5 double bond. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from an 11-deoxycorticosterone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
Naftifine is a synthetic, broad spectrum, antifungal agent and allylamine derivative for the topical treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by the organisms Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans and Epidermophyton floccosum. 
it, also known as fema 2473, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a dry, orris, and warm taste. 
it has been used in trials studying the prevention of HIV. it is a small molecule compound that depletes serum amyloid P component (SAP), with potential anti-amyloid activity. Upon injection, it binds to circulating SAP, forming complexes that are rapidly cleared in the liver. SAP bound to amyloid deposits is in equilibrium with plasma SAP, and depletion of the latter should lead to the eventual removal of SAP from amyloid deposits as well. SAP is a universal component of amyloid deposits and contributes to the pathogenesis of amyloidosis. 
5-Acetyl-2, 3-dihydro-1H-pyrrolizine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolizines. Pyrrolizines are compounds containing a pyrrolizine moiety, which consists of a pyrrole ring fused to a pyrrolidine ring. 5-Acetyl-2, 3-dihydro-1H-pyrrolizine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-acetyl-2, 3-dihydro-1H-pyrrolizine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5-Acetyl-2, 3-dihydro-1H-pyrrolizine is a medicine tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, cereals and cereal products, and green vegetables. This makes 5-acetyl-2, 3-dihydro-1H-pyrrolizine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a primary alcohol that is 1-heptanol substituted by an isopropyl group at position 2 and a methyl group at position 5. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a heptane. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyisoflavans that is (3R)-3,4-dihydro-2H,2'H-3,6'-bichromene substituted by two methyl groups at positions 2' and 2' and hydroxy groups at positions 5' and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is an optically active piperidine alkaloid having a 2-oxo-2-phenylethyl substituent at the 2-position and a 2-hydroxy-2-phenylethyl group at the 6-position. It has a role as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is a piperidine alkaloid, a tertiary amine and an aromatic ketone. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00747175 (A Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability and P-Glucose After Multiple Ascending Oral Doses of it in Type 2 Diabetes). 
it appears as a silver to white metallic solid . Contact may cause burns to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. it is a naturally occurring alkaline metalloid element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 56, and atomic weight 137 that is only found in combination with other elements, typically barite (barium sulfate) and witherite (barium carbonate), or chemicals. it is used in many industrial processes, as well as in diagnostic testing, fireworks, and pesticides. It is characterized as a silvery white or yellow to white metallic solid that is odorless. Exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
Isoleucyl-valine, also known as it or ile-val, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Isoleucyl-valine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Isoleucyl-valine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a naphthalene-1,4-diol having a methyl substituent at the 2-position. It is a member of naphthalenediols, a member of methylnaphthalenes and a naphthohydroquinone. It derives from a naphthalene-1,4-diol. 
it is a nutritional supplement and vitamin B1 derivative, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it inhibits the expressions of octamer-binding transcription factor 4 (OCT-4), SRY (sex determining region Y)-box 2 (SOX-2), and Nanog homeobox (NANOG) in cancer stem cells (CSCs). This may inhibit the proliferation of CSCs thereby preventing tumor cell growth. In addition, it inhibits the expression of ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporters subfamily B member 1 (ABCB1) and subfamily G member 2 (ABCG2) in cancer CSCs, which may abrogate resistance to chemo- and radiotherapy in CSCs. CSCs promote tumor initiation, progression and metastasis; they play a key role in cancer recurrence and resistance to chemotherapy and radiation. 
it, also known as fema 2353, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, banana, and cherry taste. 
Sodium 2-mercaptobenzothiazol solution appears as an amber liquid with an odor of old rubber. A 50% aqueous solution. Denser than water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is the hydrochloride salt of duloxetine, a fluoxetine derivative belonging to the class of selective serotonin (5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE) reuptake inhibitors (SSNRIs) and exhibiting antidepressant activity. Duloxetine selectively prevents the reuptake of 5-HT and NE via transporter complexes on the pre-synaptic membrane, thereby increasing the level of these neurotransmitters within the synaptic cleft. As a result, this agent potentiates serotonergic and noradrenergic activities in the central nervous system, and alleviates depression and neuropathy sensations, such as pain and tingling. Furthermore, duloxetine does not show significant affinity for dopaminergic, adrenergic, cholinergic, histaminergic, opioid, glutamate, and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptors. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2', a methoxy group at position 5 and a methylenedioxy group across positions 6 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a methoxyisoflavone. It derives from an isoflavone. 
it appears as a water-white liquid with a faint fishy odor. Flash point 136Â°F. Slightly less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic by inhalation or skin absorption. May irritate eyes. it is a member of the class of formamides that is formamide in which the amino hydrogens are replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a volatile organic compound and a member of formamides. It derives from a formamide. 
it is a 6-O-(beta-D-xylopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranoside in which the anomeric substituent is specified as benzyl. It has a role as a Camellia sinensis metabolite. It derives from a benzyl alcohol. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an EC 1.4.7.1 [glutamate synthase (ferredoxin)] inhibitor, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, an EC 2.5.1.49 (O-acetylhomoserine aminocarboxypropyltransferase) inhibitor, an EC 4.3.1.10 (serine-sulfate ammonia-lyase) inhibitor and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an O-phosphonato-L-serine(2-). It is an enantiomer of an O-phospho-D-serine. 
it is a ruthenium coordination entity that acts as a water-soluble carbon monoxide-releasing molecule. It has a role as a nephroprotective agent, an antibacterial agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an anticoagulant, an EC 1.11.2.2 (myeloperoxidase) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent and a mitochondrial respiratory-chain inhibitor. It is a metal carbonyl and a ruthenium coordination entity. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of nefopam, a centrally-acting, non-opioid benzoxazocine with analgesic activity. The mechanism of action through which nefopam exerts its analgesic effects is, as of yet, largely unknown but may involve inhibition of serotonin, dopamine and noradrenaline reuptake. 
Uracil-6-ylacetic acid is a monocarboxylic acid comprising uracil having a carboxymethyl substituent at the 6-position. It derives from a uracil and an acetic acid. 
2,2&#39;-thiobis(4-chlorophenol) appears as white to cream-colored solid or pale yellow powder. White crystalline solid melting from 175.8-186.8Â°C. Odorless and insoluble in water. it is an aryl sulfide having two 5-chloro-2-hydroxyphenyl groups attached to sulfur; an antiinfective drug mostly used in veterinary medicine. It has a role as an antiinfective agent and a drug allergen. It is an aryl sulfide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a polyphenol and a bridged diphenyl antifungal drug. it is an antibacterial and antifungal agent for topical use, mostly used now in veterinary medicine. 
2-methyl-2-[4-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalen-1-yl)phenoxy]propanoic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is 2-hydroxy-2-methylpropanoic acid in which ther tertiary hydroxy group has been converted into the corresponding p-(1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalen-1-yl)phenyl ether. It is an aromatic ether and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a steroid glucosiduronic acid having androsterone as the steroid component. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid and a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It derives from an androsterone and a beta-D-glucuronic acid. 
it, also known as fema 2313, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, floral, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a sodium salt of the conjugate of any it with either glycine or taurine. It is a cholanoid and an organic sodium salt. 
it is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound produced by a marine bacterium Alteromonas rava and has been shown to exhibit antibacterial activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a marine metabolite. It is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound, a lactam, an enoate ester and a cyclic ether. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat posed to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in chemical analysis, in photography, as a fertilizer, and for many other uses. 
it is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid in which the carboxy group is located at position C-2. It is a conjugate acid of a pipecolate. 
This is a chemical weapon related to sulfur mustard (mustard gas) and is expected to react in a similar fashion. See the chemical datasheet for sulfur mustard for more information. 
it is a pipecolinate derivative. Functioning as a modulator of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) and multidrug resistance protein (MRP-1), it restores drug sensitivity to cells expressing P-glycoprotein and MRP1, the cellular efflux pumps that are the major causes in tumor cell resistance to chemotherapeutic agents. This agent binds directly to Pgp and MRP-1 and inhibits efflux pump activity, resulting in increased intracellular accumulation and retention of cytotoxic agents. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by the formal condensation of propionic acid with ammonia. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a primary fatty amide. It derives from a propionic acid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong foul odor. Flash point 130Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Much more dense than water and insoluble in water. Toxic by ingestion. Vapors are narcotic in high concentration. Used to make other chemicals. 
it appears as odorless white crystalline powder or free-flowing granules. Sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an osmotic diuretic, a sweetening agent, an antiglaucoma drug, a metabolite, an allergen, a hapten, a food bulking agent, a food anticaking agent, a food humectant, a food stabiliser, a food thickening agent, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a member of compatible osmolytes. it is a naturally occurring alcohol found in fruits and vegetables and used as an osmotic diuretic. it is freely filtered by the glomerulus and poorly reabsorbed from the renal tubule, thereby causing an increase in osmolarity of the glomerular filtrate. An increase in osmolarity limits tubular reabsorption of water and inhibits the renal tubular reabsorption of sodium, chloride, and other solutes, thereby promoting diuresis. In addition, it elevates blood plasma osmolarity, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues into interstitial fluid and plasma. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a mild pleasant odor. It is slightly less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Flash point 77Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air. When heated to high temperatures it may emit acrid smoke. Used as a solvent. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of phenylacetic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a phenylacetic acid. 
A stable prostaglandin endoperoxide analog which serves as a thromboxane mimetic. Its actions include mimicking the hydro-osmotic effect of VASOPRESSIN and activation of TYPE C PHOSPHOLIPASES. (From J Pharmacol Exp Ther 1983;224(1): 108-117; Biochem J 1984;222(1):103-110) 
it is a tertiary amino compound that consists of glycine bearing two N-phosphonomethyl substituents. It has a role as a plant growth retardant. It is a glycine derivative, a member of phosphonic acids and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a cyclic pyrimidine dinucleotide that consists of two UMP units cyclised via 3',5'-linkages, major species at pH 7.3. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a cyclic pyrimidine dinucleotide. 
it is an aminobenzoate that is the conjugate base of anthranilic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an anthranilic acid. 
it is an amino sulfonic acid that is the sulfonic acid analogue of cysteine. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is an alanine derivative, an amino sulfonic acid, a carboxyalkanesulfonic acid, a cysteine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is octadecanoic (stearic) acid bearing a methyl substituent at position 12. It is a methyl-branched fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a branched-chain saturated fatty acid. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 12-methyloctadecanoate. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes carrying hydroxy and methoxy substituents at positions 2 and 5 respectively. It is a member of benzaldehydes, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It derives from a salicylaldehyde. 
it, also known as 8-hydroxy-Î”-9-thc, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a coproporphyrin. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a valeric acid derivative having a hydroxy substituent at the 2-position and a methyl substituent at the 4-position; an alpha-hydroxy analogue of leucine. A bacterial metabolite, it has also been isolated from amniotic fluid, was found in a patient with dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase deficiency and is present in the urine of patients with short bowel syndrome. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a branched-chain fatty acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-4-methylvalerate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isocoumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing an isochromane which bears a ketone at the carbon C1. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an organic disulfide that results from the formal oxidative dimerisation of 2-methylundecane-2-thiol. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an ammonium salt with potential antiangiogenic and antitumor activities. Tetrathiomolybdate has been found to deplete systemic copper reserves through an unknown mechanism. This agent has been shown to inhibit the activities of cuproenzymes, including superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) and cytochrome c oxidase (COX), which may contribute to its antiangiogenic and antitumor effects. 
it is a benzothiadiazine that is the S,S-dioxide of 2H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazine which is substituted at position 3 by a methyl group and at position 7 by chlorine. A peripheral vasodilator, it increases the concentration of glucose in the plasma and inhibits the secretion of insulin by the beta- cells of the pancreas. It is used orally in the management of intractable hypoglycaemia and intravenously in the management of hypertensive emergencies. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a sodium channel blocker, a vasodilator agent, a K-ATP channel agonist, a beta-adrenergic agonist, a cardiotonic drug, a bronchodilator agent, a sympathomimetic agent and a diuretic. It is a benzothiadiazine, a sulfone and an organochlorine compound. it is a benzothiadiazine derivate with antihypertensive and hyperglycemic activities. it increases membrane permeability to potassium ions in vascular smooth muscle, thereby stabilizing the membrane action potential and preventing vascular smooth muscle contraction; this results in peripheral vasodilatation and decreases in peripheral vascular resistance. This agent also inhibits insulin release by interacting with ATP-sensitive potassium channels of pancreatic islet beta-cells. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03572634 (Phase 1/2 Study of it (an Inhibitor of AXL Kinase) in Patients With Previously Treated CLL). it is an orally available and selective inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase AXL (UFO), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, dubermatinib targets and binds to AXL and prevents its activity. This blocks AXL-mediated signal transduction pathways and inhibits the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), which, in turn, inhibits tumor cell proliferation and migration. In addition, it enhances chemo-sensitivity to certain other chemotherapeutic agents. AXL, a member of the Tyro3, AXL and Mer (TAM) family of receptor tyrosine kinases and overexpressed by many tumor cell types, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation, survival, invasion and metastasis; its expression is associated with drug resistance and poor prognosis. 
it is the R-enantiomer of serine. It has a role as a NMDA receptor agonist, a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and a serine. It is a conjugate base of a D-serinium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-serinate. It is an enantiomer of a L-serine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a non-essential amino acid and dextro isomer of serine with antipsychotic activity. it is a selective full agonist at the glycine site of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)-type glutamate receptor. Hypofunction of NMDA type of neurotransmission is believed to play a major role in pathophysiology of schizophrenia, therefore, administration of it and subsequent activation of NMDA receptors may alleviate psychotic tendencies. 
it is the radioactive isotope of hydrogen with relative atomic mass 3.016049 and half-life of 12.33 years (from Greek taurhoiotatauomicronsigma, third). It contains a triton. 
(S)-it is the (S)-enantiomer of alpha-terpineol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-(+)-alpha-terpineol. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from hydrogen it. It is a conjugate base of a hydroit. 
it is an N-substituted diamine that is ethylenediamine in which the four amino hydrogens are replaced by 2-pyridylmethyl groups. It has a role as a chelator and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of pyridines, a tertiary amino compound and a N-substituted diamine. It derives from an ethylenediamine. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is ursane substituted by a carboxy group at position 28 and hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3, 6 and 23 (the 2alpha,3beta,6beta stereoisomer). It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a tetrol and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 
2,4-dibromophenyl 2,4,5-tribromophenyl ether is a polybromodiphenyl ether that is diphenyl ether in which the hydrogens at the 2, 4, 5, 2', and 4' positions have been replaced by bromines. 
it, also known as GAR, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as its. its are compounds in which the amide N atom of glycineamide is linked to the C-1 of a ribosyl (or deoxyribosyl) moiety. Nucleotides have a phosphate group linked to the C5 carbon of the ribose (or deoxyribose) moiety. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, glycineamideribotide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from 5-phosphoribosylamine and glycine; which is mediated by the enzyme trifunctional purine biosynthetic protein adenosine-3. In addition, 10-Formyltetrahydrofolate and glycineamideribotide can be converted into tetrahydrofolic acid and 5'-phosphoribosyl-N-formylglycinamide; which is catalyzed by the enzyme trifunctional purine biosynthetic protein adenosine-3. In humans, glycineamideribotide is involved in the purine metabolism pathway, the thioguanine action pathway, the azathioprine action pathway, and the mercaptopurine action pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include xanthine dehydrogenase deficiency (xanthinuria), the xanthinuria type II pathway, the AICA-ribosiduria pathway, and the xanthinuria type I pathway. 
it is a methoxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of 4-it. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-it. 
it is Titanâ€™s novel oral agent in development for the potential treatment of chronic bacterial infections, bone disease and cancer. it is an orally bioavailable form of the element gallium (Ga) composed of a trivalent gallium cation (Ga3+) coordinated to three maltolate ligands, with anti-inflammatory, anti-proliferative, antineoplastic, analgesic, antiresorptive and antibacterial activities. Upon administration of it, Ga3+, which is structurally similar to the ferric ion (Fe3+), competes with and replaces Fe3+ in many vital Fe 3+-mediated biological reactions.. Unlike Fe3+, Ga3+ cannot be reduced, cannot participate in redox reactions and cannot mimic Fe3+ functions. In rapidly proliferating cells, such as cancer cells, high amounts of iron are needed for DNA synthesis. The incorporation of Ga3+ inactivates the Fe3+-dependent enzyme ribonucleotide reductase (RR), an enzyme essential for DNA synthesis, leading to an inhibition of DNA synthesis and induction of cell death in rapidly proliferating cells. Gallium similarly reduces bacterial cell growth. In addition, Ga3+ is able to suppress inflammation through the down-regulation of pro-inflammatory cells and the inhibition of pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion. Gallium also exerts analgesic effects due to the inhibition of Fe3+-dependent enzymes involved in inflammation and may interfere with the activity of certain metalloproteinases and neuropeptides that are implicated in pain. Also, gallium is able to inhibit bone resorption by osteoclasts, may inhibit metastasis to bone and may prevent the destruction of bone by tumors. 
it is a guanidinium salt obtained by combining propamidine with two molar equivalents of isethionic acid. Used for the treatment of minor eye or eyelid infections, such as conjunctivitis and blepharitis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antiseptic drug. It is a guanidinium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a propamidine(2+). 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is 2-ethylaminopyrimidine carrying methyl, butyl and dimethylaminosulfooxy substituents at posiitons 4, 5 and 6 respectively. It has a role as an androgen antagonist and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a secondary amino compound, a sulfamate ester, an aminopyrimidine and a pyrimidine fungicide. 
it is an L-cysteine derivative in which the thiol hydrogen of L-cysteine is replaced by an adenosyl group. It is a member of adenosines, an organic sulfide and a L-cysteine derivative. 
it is a molybdopterin dinucleotide resulting from the formal condensation of the phosphate groups of molybdopterin and adenosine 5'-monophosphate to give a diphosphate linkage. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Thiamine(1+) diphosphate is a 1,3-thiazolium cation that is the conjugate acid of thiamine(1+) diphosphate(1). It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a thiamine(1+) diphosphate(1-) and a thiamine(1+) diphosphate(3-). 
Toxic glycolipids composed of trehalose dimycolate derivatives. They are produced by MYCOBACTERIUM TUBERCULOSIS and other species of MYCOBACTERIUM. They induce cellular dysfunction in animals. 
it is a fluorinated steroid, a cyclic ketal, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent, an anti-inflammatory drug and an anti-asthmatic drug. it is a synthetic corticosteroid with antiinflammatory and antiallergic properties. it is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist that binds to cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently translocates to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both are potent mediators of inflammation. 
it is an aminoglycoside that is 4alpha,6alpha-diaminocyclohexane-1beta,2alpha,3beta-triol in which the pro-R hydroxy group has been converted into its 2-amino-alpha-D-glucoside derivative. It is an aminoglycoside, a primary amino compound and a triamine. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose and a 2-deoxystreptamine. It is a conjugate base of a it(3+). 
Ethyl trans-caffeate is an ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of trans-caffeic acid with ethanol. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is an alkyl caffeate ester and an ethyl ester. It derives from a trans-caffeic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monoalkylamines. These are organic compounds containing an primary aliphatic amine group. it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fishy taste. 
it is the L-enantiomer of pipecolic acid. It is a metabolite of lysine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a L-pipecolate. It is an enantiomer of a D-pipecolic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Boiling point 60Â°F. Liquid at low ambient temperatures. Specific gravity 1.51. A suspected carcinogen. Under exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral. 
it, also known as fema 3734, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an eucalyptus and herbal taste. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a peppermint odor. Burns, though may be difficult to ignite. Corrosive to metals and tissue. It is a potent alkylating agent. Flash point is 104Â° C (219Â° F) [Aldrich MSDS]. it is a colorless, corrosive, oily liquid that darkens with age and has a faint peppermint odor. it is mainly used as an ethylating agent in organic synthesis and in the dye and textile manufacturing. Exposure to this substance results in severe irritation to the eyes, skin and respiratory tract. It is a possible mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals and may be associated with developing laryngeal cancer. (NCI05) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. it is a saturated derivative of sphingosine. As an inhibitor of protein kinase C (PKC), it competitively binds to the regulatory phorbol-binding domain of PKC, a kinase involved in tumorigenesis. This agent has been shown to act synergistically with other chemotherapeutic agents and may potentiate chemotherapy drug-induced apoptosis in vitro and in vivo. 
it is an alkylthiol that is 4-methylpentan-2-one substituted at position 4 by a mercapto group. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an alkanethiol and a methyl ketone. 
it is a member of the class of pyranoindolizinoquinolines that is the carbamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of [1,4'-bipiperidine]-1'-carboxylic acid with the phenolic hydroxy group of (4S)-4,11-diethyl-4,9-dihydroxy-1H-pyrano[3',4':6,7]indolizino[1,2- hydrochloride]quinoline-3,14-dione. Used (in the form of its hydrochloride salt trihydrate) in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin, for the treatment of patients with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas after disease progression following gemcitabine-based therapy. It is converted via hydrolysis of the carbamate linkage to its active metabolite, SN-38, which is ~1000 times more active. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a prodrug. It is a pyranoindolizinoquinoline, a N-acylpiperidine, a carbamate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound, a delta-lactone and a ring assembly. It derives from a SN-38. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin, a cytotoxic, quinoline-based alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree Camptotheca acuminata. it, a prodrug, is converted to a biologically active metabolite 7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-camptothecin (SN-38) by a carboxylesterase-converting enzyme. One thousand-fold more potent than its parent compound it, SN-38 inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA, resulting in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptotic cell death. Because ongoing DNA synthesis is necessary for it to exert its cytotoxic effects, it is classified as an S-phase-specific agent. 
it is a biguanide compound which has isopropyl and p-chlorophenyl substituents on the terminal N atoms. A prophylactic antimalarial drug, it works by inhibiting the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, which is involved in the reproduction of the malaria parasites Plasmodium falciparum and P. vivax within the red blood cells. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antiprotozoal drug and an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor. It is a member of biguanides and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a tryptophan derivative that is tryptophan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5. It has a role as a human metabolite and a neurotransmitter. 
it is a member of the class of glyoxylates, that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of phenylglyoxylic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a glyoxylate. It is a conjugate base of a phenylglyoxylic acid. 
it is a hydroxyquinoline that is kynurenic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 7 and 8 are replaced by hydroxy groups. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyquinoline. It derives from a kynurenic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 7,8-dihydroxykynurenate. 
it is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene. It has a role as a mutagen and a human metabolite. Dibenzo (a,l) pyrene is a yellowish-reddish, carcinogenic aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of six fused rings and produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter. Dibenzo[a,e]pyrene is primarily found in coal gasification products, cigarette smoke and fossil fuels. This substance is used only for research purposes to induce tumorigenesis. Dibenzo[a,e]pyrene is a mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. 
it, also known as duralutin or gesterol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gluco/mineralocorticoids, progestogins and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure based on a hydroxylated prostane moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an organic chloride salt having iodonitrotetrazolium as the counterion. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains an iodonitrotetrazolium. 
it is an organosulfonate salt obtained by combining equimolar amounts of bepotastine and benzenesulfonic acid. A topical, selective and non-sedating histamine (H1) receptor antagonist used for treatment of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. It contains a bepotastine(1+). 
it is a serine derivative that is L-serine with a methyl group replacing the hydrogen on the hydroxy side chain. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a L-serine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a ketoheptose phosphate consisting of sedoheptulose having a phosphate group at the 7-position. It is an intermediate metabolite in the pentose phosphate pathway. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a sedoheptulose derivative and a ketoheptose phosphate. It derives from a sedoheptulose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a it that is D-galactopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been replaced by a hydrogen. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is an arsenic oxoacid consisting of three hydroxy groups attached to a central arsenic atom. It is a conjugate acid of an arsenite(1-). 
A group of antibiotics that contain 6-aminopenicillanic acid with a side chain attached to the 6-amino group. The it nucleus is the chief structural requirement for biological activity. The side-chain structure determines many of the antibacterial and pharmacological characteristics. (Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 8th ed, p1065) 
it ashes appears as a grayish colored powder. May produce toxic zinc oxide fumes when heated to very high temperatures or when burned. Insoluble in water. Used in paints, bleaches and to make other chemicals. it atom is a zinc group element atom. It has a role as a micronutrient. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 30, and atomic weight 65.39. 
it is the fumaric acid salt of clemastine. An antihistamine with antimuscarinic and moderate sedative properties, it is used for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions such as rhinitis, urticaria, conjunctivitis and in pruritic (severe itching) skin conditions. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent, a muscarinic antagonist and an antipruritic drug. It contains a clemastine. it is a synthetic ethanolamine with anticholinergic, sedative, and histamine H1 antagonistic properties. it blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial and gastrointestinal smooth muscles, including vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscles. This drug also prevents histamine-induced pain and itching of mucous membranes. 
it is an aspartic acid derivative having an N-methyl substituent and D-configuration. It has a role as a neurotransmitter agent. It is a D-alpha-amino acid, a D-aspartic acid derivative, an amino dicarboxylic acid and a secondary amino compound. 
A lignan (LIGNANS) found in PODOPHYLLIN resin from the roots of PODOPHYLLUM plants. It is a potent spindle poison, toxic if taken internally, and has been used as a cathartic. It is very irritating to skin and mucous membranes, has keratolytic actions, has been used to treat warts and keratoses, and may have antineoplastic properties, as do some of its congeners and derivatives. 
it is a white crystalline solid which is often dissolved in a liquid solvent carrier. The commercial product is a tan liquid (xylene solution) with a pungent odor. It is slightly soluble to insoluble in water. Usually with the liquid solvent it is a combustible liquid. It is toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption. It is used as an insecticide. it is a C-nitro compound that is 4-nitrophenol substituted by a (dimethoxyphosphorothioyl)oxy group at position 4. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, a genotoxin, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agent. It is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it appears as needles (from ethanol) or white solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a chlorobenzoic acid carrying two chloro groups at positions 2 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a chlorobenzoic acid and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6-dichlorobenzoate. 
it is a glutamic acid derivative that is L-glutamic acid in which the two hydrogens on the amino group are substituted by a phthaloyl group. It is a member of phthalimides and a L-glutamic acid derivative. It derives from a phthalimide. 
3-Hydroxy-isoheptanoic acid, also known as 3-hydroxy-5-methylhexanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain hydroxy acids and derivatives. These are hydroxy acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain. 3-Hydroxy-isoheptanoic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
S-(2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanyl) 2-furancarbothioate, also known as 3(2-furoylthio)-2, 5-dimethylfuran or 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(2-thiofuroyl)furan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid and derivatives. These are aromatic heterocyclic compounds containing a furan ring, which carries a carboxyl group or a derivative thereof. S-(2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanyl) 2-furancarbothioate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, S-(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl) 2-furancarbothioate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). S-(2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanyl) 2-furancarbothioate has a vegetable taste. 
it is a member of the class of purines that is purine substituted at C-2 by a 1-naphthyloxy group, at C-4 by a 4-morpholinophenylamino group, and at N-9 by a cyclohexyl group. It has a role as an osteogenesis regulator and a SMO receptor agonist. It is a member of purines, a member of morpholines, an aromatic ether and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a hydride of a 9H-purine. 
it is the sulfate salt form of trimethoprim, a synthetic substituted pyrimidine with antibacterial activity. it selectively binds to and reversibly inhibits dihydrofolate reductase, thereby blocking the production of tetrahydrofolic acid from dihydrofolic acid. This leads to an inhibition of bacterial synthesis of folic acid, thereby affecting nucleic acid and protein synthesis. it has a stronger binding affinity for the bacterial enzyme than for the corresponding mammalian enzyme. 
Cefteram Pivoxil is the pivalate ester prodrug of cefteram, a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. After oral administration of cefteram pivoxil, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active cefteram. 
Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), it (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of it. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia. 
Ceftizoxime is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Ceftizoxime binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a bridged compound that is 1,2-campholide substituted at position 5 by an oxo group. It is a ketolactone and a bridged compound. It derives from a 1,2-campholide. 
it is a mannosylinositol phosphorylceramide compound having a hexacosanoyl group amide-linked to a C18 sphinganine base, with no hydroxylation at C-4 of the long-chain base or on the C26 very-long-chain fatty acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from an Ins-1-P-Cer(d18:0/26:0). 
it, also known as it or kaur-16-en-18-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ent-16-kauren-19-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ent-16-kauren-19-ol can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes ent-16-kauren-19-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an L-cysteinyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of L-cysteine with methanol. It is used (as the hydrochloride salt) as a mucolytic for the treatment of respiratory disorders associated with productive cough. It has a role as a mucolytic. It is a L-cysteinyl ester, a primary amino compound and a thiol. It derives from a L-cysteine and a methanol. 
it is a dimethoxybenzene that is 3,5-dimethyl ether derivative of gallic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzoic acids, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It derives from a gallic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a syringate. 
it is a biflavonoid that is obtained by oxidative coupling of two molecules of apigenin resulting in a bond between positions C-6 and C-8 of the two chromene rings. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antiviral agent, a hepatoprotective agent and a metabolite. It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a biaryl. 
Hydroxyzine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of hydroxyzine, a piperazine histamine H1-receptor antagonist with anti-allergic, antispasmodic, sedative, anti-emetic and anti-anxiety properties. Hydroxyzine hydrochloride blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilatation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In addition, hydroxyzine hydrochloride crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts on the histamine H1-receptors in the central nervous system. (NCI05) 
Ginsenol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tertiary alcohols. Tertiary alcohols are compounds in which a hydroxy group, -OH, is attached to a saturated carbon atom R3COH (R not H ). Ginsenol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ginsenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, ginsenol can be found in tea. This makes ginsenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an amino monosaccharide that consists of N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine substituted at position 6 by a sulfo group. It is an amino monosaccharide and a glucosamine sulfate. It derives from a N-acetyl-D-glucosamine. 
it is a C21-steroid that is pregnane which contains a double bond between positions 5 and 6 and is substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 20 as well as a hydroxy group at position 17. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(5)-steroid, a C21-steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy-C21-steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-1-hexanol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, 3, 5, 5-trimethyl-1-hexanol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. 3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-1-hexanol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. 3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-1-hexanol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3, 5, 5-trimethyl-1-hexanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless, oily liquid with a penetrating fruity odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Flash point near 141Â°F. Used to make perfumes and pharmaceuticals. it is an n-alkanal resulting from the oxidation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of heptan-1-ol to the corresponding aldehyde. An endogenous aldehyde coming from membrane lipid oxidation, it is found in the blood of lung cancer patients and has been regarded as a potential biomarker of lung cancer. It has a role as a biomarker. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. 
it is a recombinant DNA produced polypeptide analogue of human glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) which is used in combination with diet and exercise in the therapy of type 2 diabetes, either alone or in combination with other antidiabetic agents. Therapy with lixisenatide has not been associated with serum enzyme elevations or with episodes of clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a cyclosporin A derivative that is cyclosporin A in which residue 1 [(2S,3R,4R,6E)-3-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-(methylamino)oct-6-enoic acid] has undergone allylic oxidation to give the corresponding primary allylic alcohol, and in which residue 9 (N-methylleucine) has undergone oxidation so as to introduce a hydroxy group at the carbon bearing the two methyl groups. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a cyclosporin A derivative, a tertiary alcohol and a primary allylic alcohol. It derives from a cyclosporin A metabolite M1 and a cyclosporin A metabolite M17. 
5, 7-Dihydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzyl)-4-chromanone, also known as 3'-hydroxy-3, 9-dihydroeucomin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as homoisoflavanones. These are homoisoflavonoids with a structure based on the chromanone system. Chromanone is a bicyclic compound consisting of a 3, 4-dihydro-1-benzopyran, which bears a ketone group at the 4-position. 5, 7-Dihydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzyl)-4-chromanone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 5, 7-dihydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzyl)-4-chromanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5, 7-dihydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzyl)-4-chromanone can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 5, 7-dihydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzyl)-4-chromanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
D-alpha-aminobutyric acid is an optically active form of alpha-aminobutyric acid having D-configuration. It is an alpha-aminobutyric acid and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-alpha-aminobutyric acid. 
it is the 5-phospho derivative of D-arabinose. It is an intermediate in the synthesis of lipopolysaccharides. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a benzothiadiazine, hydrogenated at positions 2, 3 and 4 and substituted with an aminosulfonyl group at C-7, a chloro substituent at C-6 and a dichloromethyl group at C-3 and with S-1 as an S,S-dioxide. A sulfonamide antibiotic, it is used as a diuretic to treat oedema (including that associated with heart failure) and hypertension. It has a role as a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. It is a benzothiadiazine and a sulfonamide antibiotic. it is a short-acting, 3-dichloromethyl derivative of hydrochlorothiazide, belonging to the class of thiazide diuretics. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03816319 (it in Treating Patients With Relapsed or Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia or Refractory Myelodysplastic Syndrome or Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia). UAE Inhibitor it is a small molecule inhibitor of ubiquitin-activating enzyme (UAE), with potential antineoplastic activity. UAE inhibitor it binds to and inhibits UAE, which prevents both protein ubiquitination and subsequent protein degradation by the proteasome. This results in an excess of proteins in the cells and may lead to endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-mediated apoptosis. This inhibits tumor cell proliferation and survival. UAE, also called ubiquitin E1 enzyme (UBA1; E1), is more active in cancer cells than in normal, healthy cells. 
it, also known as 4-methyl salicylaldehyde or 2, 4-cresotaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxybenzaldehydes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring carrying an aldehyde group and a hydroxyl group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an almond, bitter, and phenolic taste. 
it is a L-valyl ester. It has a role as an antiviral drug. It derives from a guanine. it is the hydrochloride salt of the L-valyl ester of the antiviral drug acyclovir. Orally administered, it is rapidly converted to acyclovir which inhibits viral DNA replication after further conversion to the nucleotide analog acyclovir triphosphate by viral thymidine kinase, cellular guanyl cyclase, and a number of other cellular enzymes. Acyclovir triphosphate competitively inhibits viral DNA polymerase; incorporates into and terminates the growing viral DNA chain; and inactivates viral DNA polymerase. The greater antiviral activity of acyclovir against herpes simplex virus (HSV) compared with varicella-zoster virus (VZV) is due to its more efficient phosphorylation by HSV thymidine kinase. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-1-benzazepin-2-one which shares its 4-5 bond with the 3-2 bond of 5-nitro-1H-indole. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor, an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor, an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and an anti-HIV-1 agent. It is a C-nitro compound, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of caprolactams. It derives from a paullone. 
it is a cyclic monoterpene ketone that is 2,6,6-trimethylcyclohexa-1,3-diene substituted at position 1 by a crotonoyl group. It has a role as a fragrance, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is an enone, an apo carotenoid monoterpenoid and a cyclic monoterpene ketone. 
The porcine antidiuretic hormone (VASOPRESSINS). It is a cyclic nonapeptide that differs from ARG-VASOPRESSIN by one amino acid, containing a LYSINE at residue 8 instead of an ARGININE. Lys-vasopressin is used to treat DIABETES INSIPIDUS or to improve vasomotor tone and BLOOD PRESSURE. 
A tissue adhesive that is applied as a monomer to moist tissue and polymerizes to form a bond. It is slowly biodegradable and used in all kinds of surgery, including dental. 
2, 4-Diisopropyl-3-methylphenol, also known as 2, 4-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cumenes. These are aromatic compounds containing a prop-2-ylbenzene moiety. 2, 4-Diisopropyl-3-methylphenol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4-diisopropyl-3-methylphenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 4-diisopropyl-3-methylphenol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 4-diisopropyl-3-methylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
An RNA polymerase II transcriptional inhibitor. This compound terminates transcription prematurely by selective inhibition of RNA synthesis. It is used in research to study underlying mechanisms of cellular regulation. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N,N'-diethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a chloro group at position 6. It has a role as a herbicide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. 
1-(5-phospho-beta-D-ribosyl)-ATP is a 1-(5-phospho-D-ribosyl)-ATP in which the 5-phospho-D-ribosyl residue has beta-configuration at the anomeric centre. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-(5-phospho-beta-D-ribosyl)-ATP(6-). 
it, also known as fema 2739 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, floral, and fruit taste. 
it is a member of the class of pyridopyrimidines that is an mTOR inhibitor and shows anti-tumour properties. It has a role as a mTOR inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of morpholines, a pyridopyrimidine, a monomethoxybenzene, a tertiary amino compound and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in garden tomato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Mobile liquid; faint odor of herring. Used as a drug for the treatment of cancer. Formerly used as a gas warfare agent. it is a it and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an alkylating agent. it is a synthetic agent related to sulphur mustard with antineoplastic and immunosuppressive properties. it (a member of a family of chemotherapy agents including cyclophosphamide and chlorambucil) is an irritant and carcinogenic agent metabolized to a highly reactive ethylene immonium derivative; the ethylene immonium derivative alkylates DNA and inhibits DNA replication. This agent also exhibits lympholytic properties. (NCI04) 
it is an amino acid amide compound consisting of propionamide having a 3-amino substituent. It is a conjugate base of a beta-alaninium amide. 
it is a pyrrole resulting from the N-dealkylation of the ethoxymethyl group of chlorfenapyr. It is the active insecticide of the proinsecticide chlorfenapyr. It has a role as an acaricide, an insecticide and an antifouling biocide. It is an organochlorine acaricide, an organochlorine insecticide, an organofluorine acaricide, an organofluorine insecticide, a member of pyrroles, a nitrile, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an organobromine compound. 
it is a fatty acid-taurine conjugate derived from stearic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a pyridinecarboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-chloronicotinic acid with the amino group of 4'-chlorobiphenyl-2-amine. A fungicide active against a broad range of fungal pathogens including Botrytis spp., Alternaria spp. and Sclerotinia spp. for use on a wide range of crops including fruit, vegetables and ornamentals. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of biphenyls, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an anilide fungicide. It derives from a nicotinic acid. 
it is a member of the class of furans that is furan substituted by an octyl group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a furan. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzenesulfonamides. These are organic compounds containing a sulfonamide group that is S-linked to a benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid isolated from the leaves of Garcia parviflora. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an acetate ester and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a friedelin. 
it is a straight-chain alkane comprising of 26 carbon atoms. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. 
it is a trienoic fatty acid that consists of (5Z,8E,10E)-heptadeca-5,8,10-trienoic acid bearing an additional 12S-hydroxy substituent. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as a colorless to light yellow liquid substance with a sharp odor. Flash point 65Â°F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. May be irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. It may decompose explosively with mild shock. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by the formal condensation of 2-phenylethanol with isobutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 2-phenylethanol and an isobutyric acid. 
it is a bile acid taurine conjugate of chenodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It derives from a chenodeoxycholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a C4-dicarboxylate resulting from deprotonation of both carboxy groups of malic acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a C4-dicarboxylate and a it. It derives from a succinate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a malic acid. 
it is a flavonoid oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the 7-hydroxy group of gossypetin. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). It is a conjugate base of a gossypetin. 
17alpha-ethynylestradiol 3-sulfate is a steroid sulfate that is 17alpha-ethynylestradiol in which the phenolic hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as an estrogen and an antineoplastic agent. It is a steroid sulfate and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17alpha-ethynylestradiol. It is a conjugate acid of a 17alpha-ethynylestradiol 3-sulfate(1-). 
it is a colorless liquid. Used as biocides, bactericides, fungicides and insecticides; preservatives for wood, textile, paper, and leather. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a diester obtained by the formal condensation of 2,4,4-trimethylpentane-1,3-diol with two molecules of 2-methylpropanoic acid. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
Alpha-L-Fucp-(1->2)-beta-D-Galp-(1->3)-beta-D-GlcpNAc is an amino trisaccharide consisting of alpha-L-fucose, beta-D-galactose and N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine residues joined by sequential (1->2)- and (1->3)-linkages. It has a role as an epitope. 
it is a C19-gibberellin, initially identified in Pharbitis nil. It differs from gibberellin A1 in lacking a beta-OH at C-2 but possessing one at C-3 (gibbane numberings). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a C19-gibberellin, a lactone and a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a tertiary amino compound that is the 4-bromobenzhydryl ether of 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol. An antihistamine with antimicrobial properties, it is used in the control of cutaneous allergies. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a muscarinic antagonist and a H1-receptor antagonist. It is a tertiary amino compound and an organobromine compound. It contains a bromazine hydrochloride. it is a brominated derivative of diphenhydramine, an ethanolamine derivative and histamine H1 receptor antagonist with anti-allergic, sedative, antiemetic and anticholinergic properties. it competitively and selectively blocks central and peripheral histamine H1 receptors, thereby alleviating the symptoms caused by endogenous histamine on bronchial, capillary and gastrointestinal (GI) smooth muscles. This prevents histamine-induced bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, itching, and spasmodic contractions of GI smooth muscle. In addition, bromazine binds to and blocks peripheral and central muscarinic receptors. 
it is a benzazepine alkaloid isolated from certain species of daffodils. It has a role as an antidote to curare poisoning, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a cholinergic drug, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound, a benzazepine alkaloid and a benzazepine alkaloid fundamental parent. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the isopropyl ester of phenylcarbamic acid. It is a selective herbicide used for the control of annual grasses and some broad-leaf weeds and is also a growth regulator for control of sprouting in stored potatoes. It has a role as a herbicide and a plant growth retardant. It is a carbamate ester and a member of benzenes. 
Bleomycin B2 is one of the primary bleomycin species in bleomycin sulfate, a mixture of the sulfate salts of glycopeptide bleomycin A2 and B2 isolated from Streptomyces verticillus with potential antineoplastic activity. Bleomycin B2 forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
it is the chloride salt form of tubocurarine, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. it competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in opium poppy. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Hyaluronic acid (HA) is an anionic, nonsulfated glycosaminoglycan distributed widely throughout connective, epithelial, and neural tissues. It is unique among glycosaminoglycans in that it is nonsulfated, forms in the plasma membrane instead of the Golgi, and can be very large, with its molecular weight often reaching the millions. One of the chief components of the extracellular matrix, hyaluronic acid contributes significantly to cell proliferation and migration, and may also be involved in the progression of some malignant tumors. 
1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-2-methyl-b-carboline, also known as 2-methyl-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-beta-carboline or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta carbolines. Beta carbolines are compounds containing a 9H-pyrido[3, 4-b]indole moiety. 1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-2-methyl-b-carboline exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-2-methyl-b-carboline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-2-methyl-b-carboline can be found in fruits. This makes 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-2-methyl-b-carboline a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. Thus, is considered to be an oxygenated hydrocarbon lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of imidazolines that is 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazole which is substituted by a 1H-indole-3-carbonyl group at position 2 and a 6-bromo-1H-indol-3-yl group at position 4S. It is a bisindole alkaloid isolated from the marine sponge, Spongosorites sp. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a marine metabolite. It is a bromoindole, a bisindole alkaloid, a member of imidazolines and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of vilazodone with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used for the treatment of major depressive disorder. It has a role as an antidepressant, a serotonin uptake inhibitor and a serotonergic agonist. It contains a vilazodone(1+). 
Trans-it is it with E-configuration of the propenyl double bond. It is one of the main monolignols. It has a role as a monolignol. It is a phenylpropanoid, a member of phenols and a 4-hydroxycinnamyl alcohol. It derives from an (E)-cinnamyl alcohol. 
it is a pyridinium ion that is the O-pyrophosphoryl derivative of pyrithiamine. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It derives from a pyrithiamine. 
it is an amino acid opine resulting from the formal reductive condensation of the amino group of L-arginine with the keto group of 2-oxopentanedioic acid. It is a member of guanidines, a tricarboxylic acid, a secondary amino compound, an amino acid opine, a L-arginine derivative and a D-glutamic acid derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a D-nopalinate(1-). 
it is a ubiquinol in which the polyprenyl substituent is hexaprenyl. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an ubiquinol and a polyprenylhydroquinone. 
N-(2,6-diethylphenyl)-2-chloroacetamide is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of chloroacetic acid with the amnio group of 2,6-diethylaniline. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a rat metabolite, a fungal xenobiotic metabolite, a genotoxin and a carcinogenic agent. It is an organochlorine compound and an aromatic amide. It derives from a chloroacetic acid. 
it Free Acid is a sulfone drug that is converted to dapsone in the body. It has been used to treat mycobacterial infections, including tuberculosis and leprosy. 
1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-nitroethylene, also known as -(2-nitrovinyl)anisole or -methoxy-b-nitrostyrene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. 1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-nitroethylene exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-nitroethylene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a clear colorless volatile liquid with an ethereal odor. Flash point near 0Â°F. Density about 6.9 lb / gal. Soluble in water. Boiling point near 140Â°F. Flammable over a wide range of vapor-air concentrations. May polymerize with the evolution of heat and possible rupture of container if contaminated. Vapors irritate eyes, skin and respiratory system. Prolonged contact with skin may cause in delayed burns. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as an intermediate to make various polymers. Chemicals that polymerize are often stabilized by refrigeration. 
it is a primary amino compound that is tert-butylamine in which one hydrogen attached to each methyl group is replaced by a hydroxy group. A compound widely used as a biological buffer substance in the pH range 7--9; pKa = 8.3 at 20 â„ƒ; pKa = 7.82 at 37 â„ƒ. It has a role as a buffer. It is a triol and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a member of Htris. 
N(tele)-methylhistamine is a primary amino compound that is the N(tele)-methyl derivative of histamine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of imidazoles and a primary amino compound. It derives from a histamine. It is a conjugate base of a N(tele)-methylhistaminium. 
it is a steroid phosphate that is the 21-O-phospho derivative of betamethasone. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and an immunosuppressive agent. It is a steroid phosphate, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a fluorinated steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a betamethasone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a viscous odorless colorless liquid. Denser than water. An aqueous solution of glucose, maltose and other substances derived by hydrolysis of cornstarch. Used as a sweetener in foods. 
it appears as a colorless gas. Shipped as a liquid under own vapor pressure. Contact with the unconfined liquid may frostbite unprotected skin. Very toxic by inhalation and may severely irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is an acyl chloride. It derives from a trifluoroacetic acid. 
it is a straight-chain, saturated fatty acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of pentadecanoic acid. It is the major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a fatty acid anion 15:0. It is a conjugate base of a pentadecanoic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the synthetic high-affinity transition-state analogue forodesine. Forodesine binds preferentially to and inhibits purine nucleotide phosphorylase (PNP), resulting in the accumulation of deoxyguanosine triphosphate and the subsequent inhibition of the enzyme ribonucleoside diphosphate reductase and DNA synthesis. This agent selectively causes apoptosis in stimulated or malignant T-lymphocytes. A transition state analogue is a substrate designed to mimic the properties or the geometry of the transition state of reaction. 
it is a class of streptogramin-related depsipeptides isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces virginiae and other Streptomyces bacterial species. The virginiamycins consist of two major components, virginiamycin M1 and virginiamycin S1. These agents bind to and inhibit ribosome assembly, thereby preventing protein synthesis. Active against Gram-positive bacteria, these antibiotics are primarily used in veterinary practice. (NCI04) 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-(beta-D-glucosyl)oxy-cis-cinnamic acid; major species ar pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2-(beta-D-glucosyloxy)-cis-cinnamic acid. 
it is a manganese salt of gluconic acid with the chemical formula C12H22MnO14 x 2H2O. It is typically obtained by reacting manganese carbonate with gluconic acid in aqueous medium and then crystallizing the product to form a slightly pink powder. it is a direct ingredient in food substances as a nutrient supplement. In pharmaceutical preparations it is used as a [DB06757] supplement. 
it is a member of glucuronic acids and a glycosylglucose. It derives from a D-glucuronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(beta-D-glucopyranosyluronate)-D-glucuronate(2-). 
it is an organophosphonate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphonate OH groups of methylphosphonic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it is a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone that is butane-1,2-diol in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been formally oxidised to give the corresponding ketone. It derives from a butan-2-one and a butane-1,2-diol. 
it is an organic trisulfide that is trisulfane in which both of the hydrogens are replaced by allyl groups. A component of the essential oil of garlic and a major component of the traditional Chinese medicine allitridium, it exhibits antifungal, antitumour and antioxidant activity It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an estrogen receptor antagonist, an antineoplastic agent, a vasodilator agent, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent, an insecticide, an antiprotozoal drug, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an antilipemic drug. Garlic Oil is the oil extracted from the cloves of Allium sativum. Garlic oil is used as a flavoring and is also reported to treat high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and diseases of the circulatory system. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-it; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a L-tyrosinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-tyrosinate(1-). It is a tautomer of a L-it. 
N-(2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxin-2-ylmethyl)-2-(2,6-dimethoxyphenoxy)ethanamine is a benzodioxine that is 2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxine bearing a [(2',6'-dimethoxyphenoxy)ethylamino]methyl group at position 2. An alpha1A-adrenergic selective antagonist. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It is a benzodioxine, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate base of a N-(2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxin-2-ylmethyl)-2-(2,6-dimethoxyphenoxy)ethanaminium(1+). 
it is the sodium salt of indomethacin, a methylated indole derivative with anti-inflammatory, analgesic-antipyretic and tocolytic effects. Indomethacin is a non-selective, reversible, and competitive inhibitor of cyclooxygenases 1 and 2, thereby blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandin precursors. Consequently, prostaglandin synthesis is decreased, and prostaglandin-mediated activities are prevented, including pain, inflammation, fever and uterine contraction. 
it is a 17-oxo steroid that is estra-1,3,5(10)-triene substituted by an hydroxy group at position 3 and an oxo group at position 17. It has a role as an estrogen, a bone density conservation agent, an antineoplastic agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid and a 17-oxo steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. Therapeutic it is the synthetic form of a naturally occurring estrogen it. it diffuses through the cell membrane and binds to and subsequently activates the nuclear estrogen receptor found in the reproductive tract, breast, pituitary, hypothalamus, liver, and bone. The activated hormone-receptor complex gets translocated to the nucleus where it binds to the estrogen response element on the DNA and promotes the transcription of target genes involved in the functioning of the female reproductive system and secondary sex characteristics. it increases the hepatic synthesis of sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG), thyroid-binding globulin (TBG), and other serum proteins, as well as suppresses the release of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) from the anterior pituitary. 
3-FMC is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a member of the class of thiadiazoles that is 1,3,4-thiadiazole substituted by an amino group at position 2 and an ethyl group at position 5 respectively. It is an aromatic amine and a member of thiadiazoles. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3,4-thiadiazole. 
Cefuroxime is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, second-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefuroxime binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is the hemitartrate salt of zolpidem. It contains a zolpidem. Zolpidem Tartrate is the tartrate salt of an imidazopyridine with non-benzodiazepine benzodiazepine-receptor agonist and sedative-hypnotic activities. Zolpidem binds selectively to the alpha 1 subunit of the omega-1 (BZ1) receptor of the gamma-aminobutyric acid type A (GABA-A) receptor-chloride ionophore complex, thereby opening neuronal chloride channels, hyperpolarizing neuronal cell membranes, and inhibiting neuronal firing. In contrast, benzodiazepines non-selectively bind to and activate all omega receptor subtypes, exhibiting anticonvulsant and myorelaxant activities in addition to a sedative-hypnotic activity. 
it is a 2',3'-cyclic purine nucleotide. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a UDP-L-rhamnose(2-) in which the rhamnose portion has beta-configuration at its anomeric centre; the major form of UDP-beta-L-rhamnose at pH 7.3. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the aryl amino group of N-phenyl-1-(2-phenylethyl)piperidin-4-amine with propanoic acid. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an anaesthesia adjuvant, an intravenous anaesthetic, an adjuvant and an anaesthetic. It is a member of piperidines, an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a synthetic, lipophilic phenylpiperidine opioid agonist with analgesic and anesthetic properties. it selectively binds to and activates the mu-receptor in the central nervous system (CNS) thereby mimicking the effects of endogenous opiates. Activation of the mu-subtype opioid receptor stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex and subsequently inhibits adenylate cyclase. This causes a decrease in intracellular cAMP which inhibits cAMP-mediated calcium influx into the cell via the calcium channels and thereby results in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability. 
Trospium is an antispasmotic and anticholinergic agent used to treat urinary incontinence and overactive bladder syndrome. Trospium has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of octadecanedioic acid. It is a conjugate base of an octadecanedioic acid. 
Prednicarbate, also known as prednicarbic acid or batmen, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gluco/mineralocorticoids, progestogins and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure based on a hydroxylated prostane moiety. Prednicarbate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Prednicarbate has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, prednicarbate is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
2-{4-[(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is 2-phenoxypropanoic acid in which the phenyl group is substituted at the para position by a (6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy group. It is a quinoxaline derivative, an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid with a garlic-like odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. May irritate skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. it is an it compound having two ethyl groups attached to a sulfur atom. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma, Carcinoma, Metastatic Cancer, Endometrial Cancer, and B-cell Malignancies, among others. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of Janus-associated kinase 1 (JAK1) with potential antineoplastic and immunomodulating activities. Upon oral administration, it selectively inhibits JAK-1, thereby inhibiting the phosphorylation of signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) proteins and the production of proinflammatory factors induced by other cytokines, including interleukin-23 (IL-23) and interleukin-6 (IL-6). The JAK-STAT pathway plays a key role in the signaling of many cytokines and growth factors and is involved in cellular proliferation, growth, hematopoiesis, and the immune response; JAK kinases may be upregulated in inflammatory diseases, myeloproliferative disorders, and various malignancies. 
3-[(Dimethylamino)methyl]-1, 2-diphenylbut-3-en-2-yl propanoate, also known as itit, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. 3-[(Dimethylamino)methyl]-1, 2-diphenylbut-3-en-2-yl propanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
3-Methyl-4-octanolide, also known as (E)-whiskylactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. 3-Methyl-4-octanolide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-methyl-4-octanolide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 3-Methyl-4-octanolide exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 3-Methyl-4-octanolide is a flower and lactone tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes 3-methyl-4-octanolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Fluorescein 5-isothiocyanate is the 5-isomer of fluorescein isothiocyanate. Acts as a fluorescent probe capable of being conjugated to tissue and proteins; used as a label in fluorescent antibody staining procedures as well as protein- and amino acid-binding techniques. 
it is a chlorobenzoate obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group of 2,4-dichlorobenzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2,4-dichlorobenzoic acid. 
it is an organosilicon compound that is dimethylsilane in which the hydrogens attached to the silicon are replaced by p-fluorophenyl groups and a hydrogen attached to one of the methyl groups is replaced by a 1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl group. It is a broad-sepctrum fungicide used to protect a variety of crops. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of monofluorobenzenes, a member of triazoles, an organosilicon compound, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is a fluoroalkanoic acid that is perfluorinated heptanoic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a perfluoroheptane and a heptanoic acid. 
it is a phenothiazine derivative in which 10H-phenothiazine has a chloro subsitituent at the 2-position and a 3-[4-(2-acetoxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl]propyl group at N-10. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a member of phenothiazines, a N-alkylpiperazine, an acetate ester and an organochlorine compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycoumarins. These are coumarins that contain one or more hydroxyl groups attached to the coumarin skeleton. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 24-hydroxy steroid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a bile acid metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3alpha,7alpha,12alpha,24-tetrahydroxy-5beta-cholestan-26-oate. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
2-Ethyl-4, 5-dimethylthiazole, also known as 4, 5-dimethyl-2-ethylthiazole or 9-aminoacridine HCL H2O, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 2-Ethyl-4, 5-dimethylthiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-ethyl-4, 5-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Ethyl-4, 5-dimethylthiazole is a burnt, cocoa, and hazelnut tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-ethyl-4, 5-dimethylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is N,N-diethylprop-2-enamide in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a cyano group and the hydrogen at the 3E position is substituted by a 3,4-dihydroxy-5-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as an EC 2.1.1.6 (catechol O-methyltransferase) inhibitor, an antiparkinson drug, a central nervous system drug and an antidyskinesia agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a nitrile, a member of catechols and a member of 2-nitrophenols. it is a nitrocatechol compound with anti-parkinsonian property. it is a selective and reversible inhibitor of catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT), which catalyzes the transfer of the methyl group of S-adenosyl-L-methionine to the phenolic group of substrates that contain a catechol structure including dihydroxyphenylalanine (DOPA), catecholamines (dopamine, norepinephrine, and epinephrine) and their hydroxylated metabolites. When administered in conjunction with dopaminergic agents such as L-DOPA, it prevents the metabolism and inactivation of adjunct drugs, thereby increasing the bioavailability of these compounds by facilitating their passage across the blood-brain barrier. 
it is a member of the class of mastopyrans that is a 14-amino acid polypeptide comprising isoleucyl, asparaginyl, leucyl, lysyl, alanyl, isoleucyl, alanyl, alanyl, leucyl, alanyl, lysyl, lysyl, leucyl, and leucinamide residues coupled in sequence. It is the major active component of the venom of the hornet Vespa mandarinia and causes degranulation of mast cells. It exhibits antimicrobial activity against both Gram-positive and -negative bacteria as well as haemolytic activity on chicken, human and sheep erythrocytes. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is a member of mastoparans and a peptidyl amide. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a carbenicillin(2-). it is the disodium salt form of carbenicillin, a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. Carbenicillin acylates the penicillin-sensitive transpeptidase C-terminal domain by opening the lactam ring. This inactivation prevents the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan strands, thereby inhibiting the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to incomplete bacterial cell wall synthesis and eventually causes cell lysis. 
A combination of DHA (a natural fatty acid) and paclitaxel (an anticancer drug) being studied in the treatment of cancer. It is a type of mitotic inhibitor. 
Hop-17(21)-ene is a triterpene consisting of hopane having a C=C double bond at the 17(21)-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a hopane. 
Beta-it is an it carrying an amino group at the beta-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an antirheumatic drug and a collagen cross-linking inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a beta-ammoniopropionitrile. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a methyl ketone that is butan-2-one substituted by a cyano group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and a nitrile. It derives from a butan-2-one. 
it is an optically active form of malate having (S)-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-malic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-malate(2-). 
(9E)-9-nitrooctadecenoic acid is a nitro fatty acid that is (9E)-octadec-9-enoic (elaidic) acid substituted by a nitro group at position 9. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid and a nitro fatty acid. It derives from an elaidic acid. 
it is the sodium salt form of tolbutamide, a short-acting, first-generation sulfonylurea with hypoglycemic activity. Compared to second-generation sulfonylureas, tolbutamide is more likely to cause adverse effects, such as jaundice. This agent is rapidly metabolized by CYPC29. 
it is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt. It derives from a kanamycin B. it is the sulfate salt form of kanamycin B, a minor component of the kanamycin complex, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces kanamyceticus, with antibacterial activity. 
it is a dihydroxyacetophenone that is acetophenone carrying hydroxy substituents at positions 2' and 4'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of resorcinols and a dihydroxyacetophenone. 
it is a proanthocyanidin consisting of two molecules of (+)-catechin joined by a bond between positions 4 and 8' in alpha-configuration. It can be found in red wine, in barley, in beer, in peach or in Jatropha macrantha, the Huanarpo Macho. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent and an EC 2.3.1.48 (histone acetyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a hydroxyflavan, a proanthocyanidin, a biflavonoid and a polyphenol. It derives from a (+)-catechin. 
it is a cyclic dicarboximide in which the two carboacyl groups on nitrogen together with the nitogen itself form a it structure. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor. It is a dicarboximide and a member of its. It derives from a maleic acid. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-pyrrole. 
it, also known as 6-N-tridecylsalicylic acid or 6-tridecyl phenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as salicylic acids. These are ortho-hydroxylated benzoic acids. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-hydroxy-6-tridecylbenzoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-hydroxy-6-tridecylbenzoic acid can be found in fats and oils and nuts. This makes 2-hydroxy-6-tridecylbenzoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic and cefotaxime derivative with a very long half-life and high penetrability to meninges, eyes and inner ears. 
it is a benzoate that is the conjugate base of acetylsalicylic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It derives from a salicylate. It is a conjugate base of an acetylsalicylic acid. 
it is an orally bioavailable hydroxymate inhibitor of histone deacetylase (HDAC) with potential anti-inflammatory, anti-angiogenic, and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits class I and class II HDACs, resulting in an accumulation of highly acetylated histones, followed by the induction of chromatin remodeling and an altered pattern of gene expression. At low, nonapoptotic concentrations, this agent inhibits the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-), interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-6 and interferon-gamma. it has also been shown to activate the intrinsic apoptotic pathway, inducing apoptosis in hepatoma cells and leukemic cells. This agent may also exhibit anti-angiogenic activity, inhibiting the production of angiogenic factors such as IL-6 and vascular endothelial cell growth factor (VEGF) by bone marrow stromal cells. 
it appears as a crystalline solid. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Inhalation of dust or powder may cause adverse health reactions. 
it is a hexanone that is hexan-3-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It is a secondary alcohol, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a hexanone. 
it is an oxysterol that is cholesterol which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7alpha and 22R. It is an oxysterol, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a cholestanoid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. 
2, 3-Dimethyl-5-(2-propenyl)pyrazine, also known as 5-allyl-2, 3-dimethylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 3-Dimethyl-5-(2-propenyl)pyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 3-dimethyl-5-(2-propenyl)pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 3-dimethyl-5-(2-propenyl)pyrazine can be found in nuts. This makes 2, 3-dimethyl-5-(2-propenyl)pyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Rosuvastatin is a commonly used cholesterol lowering agent (statin) that is associated with mild, asymptomatic and self-limited serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy, and rarely with clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine that is the ethanolamide of (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine, a N-(polyunsaturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine, an endocannabinoid and a N-acylethanolamine 22:6. It derives from an all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid. 
it is a clear colorless liquid with a sweet chloroform-like odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a haloalkane that is bromoethane substituted by chlorine at position 2. It has a role as a mutagen. It is a haloalkane, an organobromine compound and an organochlorine compound. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid that is derived from 4-deoxy-D-glucaric acid by oxidation of the hydroxy group at position 5 to give the corresponding ketone. It is a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid, an oxo dicarboxylic acid, a 2-hydroxy carboxylic acid and a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from a D-glucaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-dehydro-4-deoxy-D-glucarate(1-). 
it is a triterpenoid of the class of onoceranoid-type terpenoids isolated from the twigs of Lansium domesticum. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a triterpenoid and a dicarboxylic acid. 
it appears as a colorless volatile liquid with a disagreeable odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. it is an alkene that is but-1-ene carrying a methyl substituent at position 3. 
it is n-Acetylneuraminic acid with alpha configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from an alpha-neuraminic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-alpha-neuraminate. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid, with a camphor-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Boiling point 420Â°F. Flash point near 200Â°F. Contact irritates skin and eyes. Toxic by ingestion. Used as a solvent and in pesticides. it is a cyclic ketone, the structure of which is that of cyclohex-2-en-1-one substituted by methyl groups at positions 3, 5 and 5. It has a role as a solvent and a plant metabolite. It is a cyclic ketone and an enone. 
ite, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthrenes and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthrene moiety, which is a tricyclic aromatic compound with three non-linearly fused benzene. ite exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, neopine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, neopine can be found in opium poppy. This makes neopine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a methyl ketone that is 2-butanone in which one of the methyl hydrogens at position 4 is replaced by a 6-methoxy-2-naphthyl group. A prodrug that is converted to the active metabolite, 6-methoxy-2-naphthylacetic acid, following oral administration. It is shown to have a slightly lower risk of gastrointestinal side effects than most other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a methoxynaphthalene and a methyl ketone. it is a naphthylalkanone and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic activities. it is a prodrug that upon hepatic catalysis converts into the active moiety 6-methoxy-2-naphthylacetic acid (6MNA). 6MNA inhibits the activity of the enzymes cyclo-oxygenase I and II, resulting in decreased formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes. The resulting decrease in prostaglandin synthesis is responsible for the therapeutic effects of it. The formation of thromboxane A2, by thromboxane synthase, is also decreased and results in an inhibition of platelet aggregation. 
it is an orally bioavailable sulfonamide urea derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and blocks the sulfonylurea receptor type 1 (SUR1) subunit of the ATP-sensitive inwardly-rectifying potassium (K(ATP)) channels on the membranes of pancreatic beta cells. This prevents the inward flow of positively charged potassium (K+) ions into the cell, and induces a calcium ion (Ca2+) influx through voltage-sensitive calcium channels, which triggers exocytosis of insulin-containing granules. Insulin stimulates glycogen synthesis and inhibits gluconeogenesis, which together lower blood glucose levels. 
Kpt 335 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02431364 (Trial of Safety and Tolerability of Oral it (it) in Healthy Adults). 
it, also known as it or asp-leu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a member of the class of fluorenes that is 9-(p-chlorobenzylidene)-9H-fluorene which is substitutec by chlorine at positions 2 and 7, and by a 2-(dibutylamino)-1-hydroxyethyl group at position 4. An antimalarial drug used in combination with artemether for the treatment of multi-drug resistant strains of falciparum malaria. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is a tertiary amine, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a secondary alcohol and a member of fluorenes. 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is phenol substituted by a sulfo group at C-4. It derives from a phenol. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid consisting of salicylic acid carrying two methyl groups at the 3 and 6 positions. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which each nitrogen is substituted by a 4-chloro-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl group. It has a role as an epitope. It is an organofluorine pesticide, an organochlorine pesticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a member of phenylureas. It derives from a 1,3-diphenylurea. 
it is an L-tyrosine derivative obtained by replacement of one of the amino hydrogen by a hydroxy group. It is a N-hydroxy-alpha-amino-acid and a L-tyrosine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-hydroxy-L-tyrosinate. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01030939 (Study to Investigate Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Cardiac Function After Repeat Doses of it in Healthy-volunteers). 
it is an anilide resulting from the formal condensation of the aryl amino group of N-phenyl-1-[2-(2-thienyl)ethyl]piperidin-4-amine with propanoic acid. It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It is a member of piperidines, a member of thiophenes and an anilide. 
it is an N-alkylpyrrolidine that consists of N-methylpyrrolidine bearing a pyridin-3-yl substituent at position 2. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a pyridine alkaloid and a pyrrolidine alkaloid. 
it is a member of the class of flavonols that is kaempferol which is substituted at position 8 by a 3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl group and in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3, 4', and 7 have been converted to the corresponding 6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranoside, methyl ether, and beta-D-glucopyranoside, respectively. A phoshphodiesterase-5 inhibitor, it is obtained from several species of plants in the genus Epimedium and is thought to be the main active ingredient of the Chinese herbal medicine Herba Epimedii (yinyanghuo). It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, a phytoestrogen, an EC 3.1.4.35 (3',5'-cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase) inhibitor and an antioxidant. It is a glycosyloxyflavone and a member of flavonols. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 3-dehydrocarnitine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a carnitinium. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-dehydrocarnitine. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is a broad-spectrum antibiotic produced by Streptomyces lydicus. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitor and a bacterial metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, an enol, a pyrrolidinone, a N-glycosyl compound, a bridged compound, a cyclic ketal, a spiro-epoxide and an organic heterobicyclic compound. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of 3',5'-cyclic AMP arising from deprotonation of the free phosphate OH group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3',5'-cyclic AMP. 
A family of neutral serine proteases with it-like activity. its are primarily found in the SECRETORY GRANULES of MAST CELLS and are released during mast cell degranulation. 
it is a pyrimidine that is a derivative of cytosine, having a methyl group at the 5-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of pyrimidines and a methylcytosine. It derives from a cytosine. it is a methylated form of the nucleobase cytosine occurring predominantly in cytosine-phosphate-guanine (CpG) islands that are produced by DNA methyltransferases and may regulate gene expression. Like cytosine, the DNA sequence containing it (5-mC) is able to be replicated without error and 5-mC can pair with guanine in double stranded DNA. However, DNA sequences containing a high local concentration of 5-mC may be less transcriptionally active than areas with higher ratios of unmodified cytosine. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of (1R,3R)-2,2-dimethyl-3-[(1Z)-prop-1-en-1-yl]cyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid with the benzylic hydroxy group of [2,3,5,6-tetrafluoro-4-(methoxymethyl)phenyl]methanol. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and an agrochemical. It is a carboxylic ester, a member of cyclopropanes, an organofluorine insecticide, an ether and a tetrafluorobenzene. 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 12Â°F. Less dense than water. Flammable over a wide range of vapor-air concentrations. Vapors irritate the skin, eyes, nose, and throat. May be toxic by prolonged inhalation, skin absorption, or ingestion. Carcinogenic. Vapors heavier than air. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. it is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, a member of its and an azacycloalkane. It has a role as an alkylating agent. It is a conjugate base of an aziridinium. it is a monofunctional alkylating agent with potential antineoplastic activity. Reacting with DNA mainly at guanine and adenine residues, it alkylates DNA, thereby producing DNA interstrand crosslinks and DNA breaks, and interfering with DNA replication and cell division. (NCI04) 
it, also known as a-methylbenzyl isobutyrate or fema 2687, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a fruity, green, and jasmin taste. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is the 1,18-dicarboxy derivative of octadecane. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an icosanedioic acid anion. It derives from a hydride of an icosane. 
Benzo[a]pyrene diol epoxide I is an epoxide. It has a role as an intercalator. It derives from a hydride of a benzo[a]pyrene. 
Dichlorodifluoroethylene is a liquid material, which may cause illness from inhalation. When heated to high temperatures it may decompose and emit toxic fumes. When in contact with water or steam it may produce additional fumes that can cause illness from inhalation. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. 
A pyranoquinolone derivative that inhibits activation of inflammatory cells which are associated with ASTHMA, including eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages, mast cells, monocytes, and platelets. 
it, also known as 3-methylbenzyl alcohol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Diamino-poly(ethylene glycol) is a poly(ethylene glycol) terminated with -NH2 groups. It is a poly(ethylene glycol) derivative and a primary amino compound. 
A lipid-soluble benzoquinone which is involved in ELECTRON TRANSPORT in mitochondrial preparations. The compound occurs in the majority of aerobic organisms, from bacteria to higher plants and animals. 
S-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. S-it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). S-it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it appears as white or cream-colored odorless, tasteless powder. Sublimes above 590Â°F. Fluoresces in acidic solution. Formulated as a dust, flowable powder or wettable powder for use as a systemic fungicide and anthelmintic. it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles carrying a 1,3-thiazol-4-yl substituent at position 2. A mainly post-harvest fungicide used to control a wide range of diseases including Aspergillus, Botrytis, Cladosporium and Fusarium. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical and an antinematodal drug. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of 1,3-thiazoles and a benzimidazole fungicide. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-benzimidazole. it is a benzimidazole derivative with anthelminthic property. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it inhibits the helminth-specific mitochondrial enzyme fumarate reductase, thereby inhibiting the citric acid cycle, mitochondrial respiration and subsequent production of ATP, ultimately leading to helminth's death. In addition, it has been suggested that it may lead to inhibition of microtubule polymerization by binding to beta-tubulin and has an overt ovicidal effect with regard to some trichostrongylids. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Head and Neck Cancer and Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors. it is a radio-sensitizing pyrimidine nucleoside with potential antineoplastic activity. it is metabolized first to a phosphate derivative, CldCMP, by the enzyme deoxycytidine kinase and then to the active uracyl derivative, CldUMP, by the enzyme dCMP deaminase; deoxycytidine kinase and dCMP deaminase have been found in abnormally high concentrations in most cancers. CldUMP, the active metabolite, incorporates into DNA and, upon exposure to radiation, induces the formation of uracil radicals and double-strand DNA breaks. (NCI04) 
Raffinose, also known as delta-raffinose or gossypose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. Raffinose exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Raffinose has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and blood. Within the cell, raffinose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Raffinose participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Raffinose and D-galactose can be biosynthesized from stachyose through its interaction with the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. In addition, Raffinose can be converted into sucrose and D-galactose; which is mediated by the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. In humans, raffinose is involved in the galactose metabolism pathway. Raffinose is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the galactosemia pathway. 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones which is substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2 and 3, by a methyl group at positions 5, and by a 10-hydroxydecyl group at positions 6. Initially developed for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, benefits were modest; it was subsequently found to be of benefit for the symptomatic treatment of Friedreich's ataxia. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a primary alcohol and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is 3,3a,4,4a,7a,8,9,9a-octahydroazuleno[6,5-b]furan-2,5-dione substituted by methyl groups at positions 4a and 8, a methylidene group at position 3 and an acetoxy group at position 4. Isolated from Inula hupehensis, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an immunomodulator, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a sesquiterpene lactone, a cyclic ketone and a gamma-lactone. 
it, also known as 1-(2-hydroxy-5-methylphenyl)-ethanone or 1-hydroxy-2-acetyl-4-methylbenzene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2'-hydroxy-5'-methylacetophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, floral, and heavy tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2'-hydroxy-5'-methylacetophenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyrrolecarboxylic acid that is 1H-pyrrole carrying a carboxy substituent at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a pyrrole-2-carboxylate. 
Ethylhexyl acetate appears as a water-white liquid. Insoluble in water and is less dense than water. Flash point 180Â°F. Used as a solvent and in perfumes. Liquid or vapors may irritate skin and eyes. Vapors have a fruity, pleasant odor. it is an acetate ester that is hexyl acetate substituted by an ethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hexan-1-ol. 
it is a chromenemonocarboxylic acid that consists of chromene bearing carboxy and hydroxy substituents at the 2-position. It is a chromenol and a chromenemonocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxychromene-2-carboxylate. 
it appears as cream-colored needles (from pyridine) or yellow powder. Odorless. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound resulting from the formal dimerisation of gallic acid by oxidative aromatic coupling with intramolecular lactonisation of both carboxylic acid groups of the resulting biaryl. It is found in many fruits and vegetables, including raspberries, strawberries, cranberries, and pomegranates. It has a role as an antioxidant, a food additive, a plant metabolite, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor, an EC 2.3.1.5 (arylamine N-acetyltransferase) inhibitor, an EC 2.4.1.1 (glycogen phosphorylase) inhibitor, an EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor, an EC 2.7.1.127 (inositol-trisphosphate 3-kinase) inhibitor, an EC 2.7.1.151 (inositol-polyphosphate multikinase) inhibitor, an EC 2.7.4.6 (nucleoside-diphosphate kinase) inhibitor, a skin lightening agent, a fungal metabolite and an EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, a lactone, a member of catechols and a polyphenol. It derives from a gallic acid. Pomegranate Juice is a natural juice isolated from the fruit of the plant Punica granatum with antioxidant, potential antineoplastic, and chemopreventive activities. Pomegranate juice contains flavonoids which promote differentiation and apoptosis in tumor cells by down-regulating vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and stimulating migration inhibitory factor (MIF), thereby inhibiting angiogenesis. The flavonoids in pomegranate juice also scavenge reactive oxygen species (ROS) and, in some cell types, may prevent ROS-mediated cell injury and death. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aspidospermatan-type alkaloids. These are tryptophan-derived alkaloids that are derived from the fusion of tryptamine and a terpene unit (generally either 9 or 10 carbons). Aspidospermine and it (along with tabersonine) are the archetypical members of the Aspidosperma alkaloids it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
2-dehydro-L-idonic acid is a ketoaldonic acid. It derives from a L-idonic acid and a L-gulonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-dehydro-L-idonate. 
it is an organofluorine compound that is racemic prostaglandin F2alpha in which the pentyl group is replaced by a 3-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxymethyl group. A synthetic analogue of prostaglandin F2alpha, ophthalmic solutions of its isopropyl ester prodrug, travoprost, are used as a topical medication for controlling the progression of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. The isopropyl ester group of travoprost is hydrolysed to the biologically active free acid by esterases in the cornea. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug, an antihypertensive agent, a prostaglandin receptor agonist, a female contraceptive drug and an abortifacient. It is a prostaglandins Falpha, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it is a member of the class of phenazines carrying methyl, amino and dimethylamino substituents at positions 2, 3 and 7 respectively. The free base of neutral red, which acts as a pH indicator, changing from red to yellow between pH 6.8 and 8.0. It has a role as a dye, an acid-base indicator and a two-colour indicator. It is a member of phenazines, a tertiary amino compound, a primary amino compound and an aromatic amine. It is a conjugate base of a neutral red(1+). 
it is a member of the class of anthoits that has cyanin cation as the cationic counterpart. It contains a cyanin. 
Doxorubicin, epirubicin, idarubicin and valrubicin are structurally related cytotoxic antineoplastic antibiotics used in the therapy of several forms of lymphoma, leukemia, sarcoma and solid organ cancers. Doxorubicin is associated with a high rate of transient serum enzyme during therapy and to rare instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury with jaundice that can be severe and even fatal. Epirubicin and idarubicin have similar profiles of activity and adverse events as doxorubicin, but have been less commonly used and their potential for causing liver injury has been less well defined. Valrubicin is instilled directly in the bladder as treatment of refractory urinary bladder cancer, has little systemic distribution, and has not been associated with serum enzyme elevations or clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a tricyclic diterpenoid having formula C21H30O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone, a member of phenols and a primary alcohol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzylbutyrolactols. These are lignan compounds containing a 3, 4-dibenzyloxolan-2-ol moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the cyclic ketal obtained by formal condensation of 1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)ethanone with pentane-1,2-diol. A triazole fungicide, it is used commercially as a diastereoisomeric mixture on soft fruit (including apricots, peaches, nectarines, plums and prunes), nuts (including peanuts, pecans and almonds), mushrooms, and grasses grown for seeds. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of triazoles, a cyclic ketal, a dichlorobenzene, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
1, 7-Diphenylheptan-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as linear diarylheptanoids. These are diarylheptanoids with an open heptane chain. The two aromatic rings are linked only by the heptane chain. 1, 7-Diphenylheptan-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 2-oxobutanoic acid with double bond at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an enone. 
it is a quarternary ammonium salt whose basic unit comprises a decyltrimethylammonium cation and a bromide anion. It has a role as a surfactant. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and a bromide salt. It contains a decyltrimethylammonium ion. 
it is a it in which the anomeric centre of the fucose fragment has alpha-configuration. It derives from an alpha-D-fucose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a methanesulfonate ester that is hexane-2,5-diol in which the hydrogens of the hydroxy groups are replaced by methanesulfonyl groups. It has a role as a mutagen and an alkylating agent. 
A 3:1 mixture of alfaxalone with alfadolone acetate that previously had been used as a general anesthetic. It is no longer actively marketed. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1445) 
it is an anthocyanin cation consisting of cyanidin having a 6-O-malonyl-beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at the 3-hydroxy position. It is an anthocyanin cation and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a cyanidin cation. 
it appears as colorless, transparent crystals or white crystalline powder. Has no odor. Used for destroying rodents and predatory animals and for trapping fur-bearing animals. (EPA, 1998) it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid that is strychnidine bearing a keto substituent at the 10-position. It has a role as an avicide, a glycine receptor antagonist, a cholinergic antagonist, a rodenticide and a neurotransmitter agent. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and an organic heteroheptacyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a strychnidine. 
it is a member of the class of its obtained by formal dehydrogenation at positions 5, 6, 7 and 8 of tetrahydroit. The parent of the class of its 
it appears as a pale yellow liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Less dense than water. Very irritating to skin, mucous membranes, and eyes. May be toxic by skin absorption. Low toxicity. Used as an inhibitor in hydraulic fluids. 
it is a member of the class of isoindoles that is isoindolin-1-one which is substituted at positions 4, 5 and 6 by hydroxy, triprenyloxy and methoxy groups, respectively. The alkaloid was isolated from the model fungus Aspegillus nidulans. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alkaloid, a member of isoindoles, a gamma-lactam and a member of phenols. It contains a 2-trans,6-trans-farnesyl group. 
it (as ulobetasol propionate)  is thought to act by the induction of phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, collectively called lipocortins. It is postulated that these proteins control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes by inhibiting the release of their common precursor arachidonic acid. Arachidonic acid is released from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A2. It is used for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. it is a synthetic corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictor activities. it, a topical steroid, diffuses across cell membranes to interact with cytoplasmic corticosteroid receptors located in both the dermal and intradermal cells, thereby activating gene expression of anti-inflammatory proteins mediated via the corticosteroid receptor response element. Specifically, this agent induces phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, which inhibit the release of arachidonic acid, thereby inhibiting the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation, such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. As a result, it reduces edema, erythema, and pruritus through its cutaneous effects on vascular dilation and permeability. 
it is the sodium salt form of methicillin, a semisynthetic beta-lactam penicillin antibiotic with beta-lactamase resistant activity. it is bactericidal and binds to specific penicillin-binding proteins on the bacterium and inhibits the transpeptidation enzyme, thereby preventing the cross-linking of peptidoglycans. This leads to an interruption of the bacterial cell wall and causes bacterial lysis. it is active against beta-lactamase producing staphylococci. 
it is a thiamine phosphate having an O-triphosphate moiety. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-) and a it(4-). 
it is a dipeptide consisting of alanylphenylglycine derivatised as a 3,5-difluorophenylacetamide at the amino terminal and a tert-butyl ester at the carboxy terminal. A gamma-secretase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor. It is a dipeptide, a difluorobenzene, a carboxylic ester and a tert-butyl ester. 
9-fluoro-11beta,17,21-trihydroxy-2alpha-methylpregn-4-ene-3,20-dione 21-acetate is a steroid ester that is pregn-4-en-21-yl acetate substituted by a fluoro group at position 9, hydroxy groups at positions 11 and 17 and oxo groups at positions 3 and 20 respectively. It is a fluorinated steroid, a steroid ester, an acetate ester, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 20-oxo steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines that is guanidine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen at position 1 is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an antiviral agent. It is a member of guanidines and a one-carbon compound. It derives from a guanidine and a carbamimidoylazanium. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyisoflavans that is R-isoflavan with hydroxy groups at positions 7, 2' and 4', a methoxy group at position 5 and prenyl groups at positions 6 and 3'. Isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis, it exhibits antibacterial activity. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of hydroxyisoflavans, an aromatic ether and a methoxyisoflavan. 
it is an amphiphilic piperidine agent shown to reduce plaque formation in vitro and to reduce gingivitis in vivo in an animal model. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is oxoacetic acid substituted by a (2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl)(1-methoxypropan-2-yl)amino group at position 2. It is an aromatic amide, an ether and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an alpha-amino fatty acid that is caprylic acid which is substituted at position 2 by an amino group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 1-carboxyheptan-1-aminium. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-aminooctanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as white crystals or shiny white odorless crystalline powder. pH of 0.1 molar solution: 2.7. Very acid taste. (NTP, 1992) it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid resulting from the formal oxidation of each of the terminal methyl groups of butane to the corresponding carboxy group. It is an intermediate metabolite in the citric acid cycle. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a radiation protective agent, an anti-ulcer drug, a micronutrient and a fundamental metabolite. It is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid and a C4-dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a succinate(1-). 
it is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having uracil as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a uridine 5'-phosphate and a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a cyclic terpene ketone that is a prenylated carbobicyclic acylphloroglucinol derivative produced by St. John's Wort, Hypericum perforatum. It has a role as a GABA reuptake inhibitor, a plant metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antidepressant, an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a sesquarterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, neferine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, neferine can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes neferine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an azaspiro compound that consists of 1,3,8-triazaspiro[4.5]decan-4-one having a phenyl group attached to N-1 and a 3-(4-fluorophenoxy)propyl attached to N-8. Selective 5-HT antagonist, which binds to 5-HT2 sites as potently as spiperone but has lower affinity for 5-HT2C receptors. Also a high affinity D2 receptor antagonist (Ki = 3 nM). Lacks the disruptive effect of spiperone on animal behaviour. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It is an azaspiro compound, an organofluorine compound, an aromatic ether, a tertiary amino compound and a member of piperidines. 
it is a very white crystalline solid that becomes pink on exposure to light if not completely pure. Burns although ignition is difficult. Density approximately 1.28 g / cm3. Irritating to skin and eyes. Toxic by skin absorption. Used to make plastics and pharmaceuticals. it is a benzenediol that is benzene dihydroxylated at positions 1 and 3. It has a role as an erythropoietin inhibitor and a sensitiser. It is a benzenediol and a member of its. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-phenylalanine, L-alanine, and glycine joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-phenylalanine, a L-alanine and a glycine. 
Disodium hydrogenarsenate is an inorganic sodium salt composed from sodium cations and arsenate dianions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a poison. It contains an arsenate(2-). 
it is a pyrazolone, a member of the class of pyrazoles that is antipyrine substituted at C-4 by an amino group. It is a metabolite of aminopyrine and of metamizole. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antirheumatic drug, a peripheral nervous system drug, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an antipyretic, a drug metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a primary amino compound and a pyrazolone. It derives from an antipyrine. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid carrying a 3-hydroxyphenyl substituent at C-3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(3-hydroxyphenyl)propanoate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a benzoylurea insecticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a difluorobenzene. It has a role as a mite growth regulator. It derives from a diphenyl ether. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[4.1.0]heptane substituted by methyl groups at positions 3, 7 and 7. It is a terpenoid fundamental parent, a monoterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. 
The 3-O-valine ester prodrug of the nucleoside analog 2'-C-methylcytidine with anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) activity. Upon administration, it is converted into 2'-C-methylcytidine; upon phosphorylation into its 5-triphosphate form, this metabolite inhibits viral RNA chain elongation and viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity. This blocks viral production of HCV RNA and thus viral replication. [from NCI] it is the 3-O-valine ester prodrug of the nucleoside analog 2'-C-methylcytidine with anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) activity. Upon administration, it is converted into 2'-C-methylcytidine; upon phosphorylation into its 5-triphosphate form, this metabolite inhibits viral RNA chain elongation and viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity. This blocks viral production of HCV RNA and thus viral replication. 
2, 5-Dihydro-2, 4, 5-trimethylthiazole, also known as 2, 4, 5-trimethyl-3-thiazoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member unsaturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms. 2, 5-Dihydro-2, 4, 5-trimethylthiazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dihydro-2, 4, 5-trimethylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
One of the SEROTONIN UPTAKE INHIBITORS formerly used for depression but was withdrawn worldwide in September 1983 because of the risk of GUILLAIN-BARRE SYNDROME associated with its use. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p385) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03258424 (Study Assessing it Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics in Subjects With Cystic Fibrosis on KALYDECOÂ® as Background Therapy). 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is perhydropicene which is substituted by an oxo group at position 3 and by methyl groups at the 4, 4a, 6b, 8a, 11, 11, 12b, and 14a-positions (the 4R,4aS,6aS,6bR,8aR,12aR,12bS,14aS,14bS-enantiomer). It is the major triterpenoid constituent of cork. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 
it is a benzimidazole that is benzimidazol-2-one substituted at position 4 by a 3-(tert-butylamino)-2-hydroxypropoxy group. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist. It is a member of benzimidazoles, an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a colorless liquid. It is insoluble in water and weigh, less than water. Contact with the material may cause mild irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. It may be slightly toxic by ingestion. It is used to make other chemicals. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans that is 1-benzofuran-2(3H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. It is a member of 1-benzofurans and an aromatic alcohol. 
it is a homocysteic acid with L-configuration. It has a role as a NMDA receptor agonist. It is an enantiomer of a D-homocysteic acid. 
it is an anthraquinone that is 9,10-anthraquinone in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a methyl group. It derives from a 9,10-anthraquinone. 
it is a pyridinecarboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 6-(m-trifluoromethylphenoxy)picolinic acid with the amino group of p-fluoroaniline. A carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide for the control of broad-leaved weeds in cereal crops. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an aromatic ether and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-prenylated flavanones. These are flavanones that features a C5-isoprenoid substituent at the 8-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the L-enantiomer of alaninium. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-alanine. It is an enantiomer of a D-alaninium. 
it catalyzes the translocation of peptidyl-tRNA from the A site to the P site of eukaryotic ribosomes by a process linked to the hydrolysis of GTP to GDP. 
it is a pyridoisoquinoline comprising emetam having methoxy substituents at the 6'-, 7'-, 10- and 11-positions. It is an antiprotozoal agent and emetic. It inhibits SARS-CoV2, Zika and Ebola virus replication and displays antimalarial, antineoplastic and antiamoebic properties. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug, a plant metabolite, an antiviral agent, an emetic, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antimalarial, an antineoplastic agent, an autophagy inhibitor, an antiinfective agent, an expectorant and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a pyridoisoquinoline and an isoquinoline alkaloid. It derives from a cephaeline. It is a conjugate base of an it(2+). It derives from a hydride of an emetan. it Hydrochloride is the chloride salt of a white crystalline bitter alkaloid isolated from the root of the plant Psychotria Ipecacuanha (ipecac root) and other plants with antiemetic and anthelminthic properties. it inhibits protein synthesis in eukaryotic (but not prokaryotic) cells by irreversibly blocking ribosome movement along the mRNA strand and inhibits DNA replication in the early S phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is a monoterpene consisting of methylenecyclohexane having an isopropyl substituent at the 4-position. It derives from a hydride of a p-menthane. 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol substituted by an alpha-hydroxy group at position 15. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 15alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-hydroxy steroid and a member of phenols. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticalsâ€™ it (it) is a selective Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) antagonist, a new class of drugs in development for the treatment of acute migraine attacks. it is undergoing phase II trials in Europe and the US, with preliminary results suggesting that CGRP antagonists may represent a potential new approach to the treatment of migraine. 
it, also known as (cyanomethyl)thiirane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as epithionitriles. These are organoheterocyclic compounds made up of a carbon atom linked to a thiirane ring and a carbonitrile group. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as odorless colorless crystals or white crystalline powder or white granular solid with a pungent bitter saline taste. Aqueous solutions are neutral (pH about 7). (NTP, 1992) it is a metal bromide salt with a K(+) counterion. 
it appears as off-white crystals or olive to light purple waxy solid. Forms monohydrate (melting point: 102-106Â°F). (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of resorcinols that is resorcinol in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by a pentyl group. It has a role as a lichen metabolite. 
it appears as a colorless to brown colored liquid. Combustible but may require some effort to ignite. it is a triol with a structure of propane substituted at positions 1, 2 and 3 by hydroxy groups. It has a role as an osmolyte, a solvent, a detergent, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an alditol and a triol. it is a trihydroxyalcohol with localized osmotic diuretic and laxative effects. it elevates the blood plasma osmolality thereby extracting water from tissues into interstitial fluid and plasma. This agent also prevents water reabsorption in the proximal tubule in the kidney leading to an increase in water and sodium excretion and a reduction in blood volume. Administered rectally, it exerts a hyperosmotic laxative effect by attracting water into the rectum, thereby relieving constipation. In addition, it is used as a solvent, humectant and vehicle in various pharmaceutical preparations. 
it is a beta-diketone that is licodione in which the hydroxy group at position 2 of the 2,4-dihyroxyphenyl moiety has been converted into the its methyl ether. It is an aromatic ether, a beta-diketone, a member of phenols, a member of dihydrochalcones and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a licodione. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Nonanoyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl coas. These are acyl-CoAs carrying a 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl chain. Nonanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Nonanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, nonanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-histidine and L-leucine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking DOPAMINE RECEPTORS. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup. 
it is a member of the class of flavones that is flavone substituted at position 3 by a methyl group and at position 8 by a carboxylic acid group. It has a role as an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor. It is a member of flavones and an oxo monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a it in which all four exocyclic double bonds have E- (trans-) geometry. It has a role as a gap junctional intercellular communication inhibitor, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it, also known as allocopr or fema 2021, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, apricot, and fruity taste. 
it is a member of the class of isoflavones that is isoflavone in which the hydrogen at position 7 is replaced by an isopropoxy group. A synthetic isoflavone, it was formerly used for the treatment of osteoporosis, although a randomised controlled study failed to show any benefit. It is still used to prevent osteoporosis in post-menopausal women. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent. It is a member of isoflavones and an aromatic ether. 
it is an amino acid ester that is the ethyl ester of cyclohex-3-ene-1-carboxylic acid in which the cyclohexane ring is substituted at positions 1 and 2 by phenyl and methylamino groups, respectively. It is a secondary amino compound, an ethyl ester and a beta-amino acid ester. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of mandelic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-mandelate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-mandelic acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester obtained by the formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of malonic acid with benzyl alcohol. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a benzyl ester. It derives from a malonic acid and a benzyl alcohol. 
Posaconazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpiperazines. Phenylpiperazines are compounds containing a phenylpiperazine skeleton, which consists of a piperazine bound to a phenyl group. Posaconazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Posaconazole has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, posaconazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Posaconazole is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride salt of propafenone. It is a class 1C antiarrhythmic drug with local anesthetic effects, and is used in the management of supraventricular and ventricular arrhythmias. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It contains a propafenone(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of propafenone with class 1C antiarrhythmic effects. it stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby reducing sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses in Purkinje and myocardial cells. This agent produces a marked depression of phase 0 and prolonged effective refractory period in the atrio-ventricular nodal and His-Purkinje tissue, resulting in a profound decrease in excitability, conduction velocity and automaticity, thereby counteracting atrial and ventricular arrythmias. 
it CTX1B is a it comprising a sequence of twelve trans-fused six-, seven-, eight- and nine-membered rings and a spiro-fused five-membered ring. A commonly encountered fish toxin. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that results from the deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group of 3-hydroxypyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a pyruvate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxypyruvic acid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 10Â°F. Less dense (6.2 lb / gal) than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is a primary aliphatic amine that is butane substituted by an amino group at position 1. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is a propionic acid derivative having a 4,5-diphenyl-1,3-oxazol-2-yl substituent at position 3. It is non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug commonly used to relieve the pain and inflammatory responses associated with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an analgesic. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. it is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) derivative of oxazole-propionic acid with analgesic and antipyretic properties. As a first generation NSAID inhibitor, it binds to and inactivates both isoforms of cyclooxygenase (COX-1 and-2), thereby blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid to pro-inflammatory prostaglandins. When inhibiting COX-2, this agent may be effective in relieving pain and inflammation; when inhibiting COX-1, it may produce unacceptable gastrointestinal side effects. (NCI04) 
it is an anthocyanidin cation that is flavylium bearing five hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 3', 4', 5 and 7 as well as a methoxy substituent at position 5'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by two methyl groups while the other is substituted by a 3-chloro-4-methylphenyl group. A herbicide that is non-toxic to honeybees but moderately toxic to mammals, birds, earthworms and most aquatic organisms. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an agrochemical and a herbicide. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. 
it is 7-Hydroxyisoflavone with additional hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 4'. It is a phytoestrogenic isoflavone with antioxidant properties. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, a phytoestrogen and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a soy-derived isoflavone and phytoestrogen with antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits protein-tyrosine kinase, thereby disrupting signal transduction and inducing cell differentiation. This agent also inhibits topoisomerase-II, leading to DNA fragmentation and apoptosis, and induces G2/M cell cycle arrest. it exhibits antioxidant, antiangiogenic, and immunosuppressive activities. (NCI04) 
it is a phospholipid that is the hexadecyl monoester of phosphocholine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antiprotozoal drug, an antifungal agent, an immunomodulator, an anti-inflammatory agent, an apoptosis inducer, a protein kinase inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of phosphocholines and a phospholipid. it is an orally- and topically-active alkyl-phosphocholine compound with potential antineoplastic activity. it targets cellular membranes, modulating cell membrane permeability, membrane lipid composition, phospholipid metabolism, and mitogenic signal transduction, resulting in cell differentiation and inhibition of cell growth. This agent also inhibits the anti-apoptotic mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway and modulates the balance between the MAPK and pro-apoptotic stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK/JNK) pathways, thereby inducing apoptosis. As an immunomodulator, it stimulates T-cells, macrophages and the expression of interleukin 3 (IL-3), granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF), and interferon gamma (INF-gamma). (NCI04) 
N,N-dimethyl-N'-p-tolylsulfamide is a member of the class of sulfamides that is N,N-dimethylsulfuric diamide substituted by a 4-methylphenyl group at the amino nitrogen atom. It is a metabolite of the agrochemical tolylfluanid. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 
4, 6-Decadiyn-1-ol isovalerate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. 4, 6-Decadiyn-1-ol isovalerate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 4, 6-Decadiyn-1-ol isovalerate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 4, 6-decadiyn-1-ol isovalerate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4, 6-decadiyn-1-ol isovalerate can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes 4, 6-decadiyn-1-ol isovalerate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a phorbol ester that is phorbol in which the hydroxy groups at the cyclopropane ring juction (position 13) and the adjacent carbon (position 12) have been converted to the corresponding decanoate esters. A Trpv4-specific ligand. It has a role as a TRPV4 agonist. It is a phorbol ester, a decanoate ester, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone, a diester and a primary allylic alcohol. 
it appears as a yellow-brown powder. Insoluble in water. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation and is a strong irritant. It is used in medicines. 
it, also known as 99mTc-methylene diphosphonate, is a radiopharmaceutical agent. A radiopharmaceutical is defined as a medicinal formulation containing radioisotopes that are used in major clinical areas for diagnosis and/or therapy. The radiopharmaceuticals based on technetium-99m are widely used for diagnostic purposes because 99mTc has a versatile chemistry which allows it to produce an extense variety of complexes with specific characteristics. These complexes are formed by the binding of 99mTc to metal atoms of an organic molecule. The group oxidronate falls into the category of diphosphonates whose structure allows them to bind to calcium. Thus, technetium Tc-99m oxidronate is a powerful detection tool for abnormal osteogenesis by skeletal scintigraphy. It was developed by Mallinkrodt nuclear and FDA approved on February 18, 1981. 
2, 6-Dimethoxybenzene-1, 4-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 2, 6-Dimethoxybenzene-1, 4-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanoid lignans. These are lignans with a structure that contains either a tetrahydrofuran ring, a furan ring, or a furofuan ring system, that arises from the joining of the two phenylpropanoid units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as methyl (methylsulfanyl)acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methyl esters. These are organic compounds containing a carboxyl group that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=H or organyl group and R'=methyl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, methyl 2-(methylthio)acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cooked, cooked potato, and fruity taste. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles and thiophenes that is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used for the treatment of high blood pressure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an angiotensin receptor antagonist, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a member of imidazoles and a member of thiophenes. it is a competitive and reversible angiotensin II receptor antagonist with anti-hypertensive property. it blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the angiotensin (AT)1 receptor in vascular smooth muscle, thereby blocking the principal pressor action of angiotensin II on the renin-angiotensin system resulting in vascular dilatation. In addition, this agent blocks angiotensin II -induced stimulation of aldosterone synthesis and secretion by the adrenal cortex, cardiac contraction, renal resorption of sodium, activity of the sympathetic nervous system, and smooth muscle cell growth. Furthermore, it inhibits sympathetic norepinephrine production, thereby further reducing blood pressure. 
it is an optically active form of 3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoate having (3R)-configuration. It is a conjugate base of a (3R)-3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (3S)-3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoate. 
it is a member of the class of chromones that is chromone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5, a methoxy group at position 7 and a methyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of chromones, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It derives from a chromone. 
it is an four-carbon ester form of Testosterone. The number of ester carbon atoms correlate with the half-life of the prodrug. Testosterone inhibits gonadotropin secretion from the pituitary gland and ablates estrogen production in the ovaries, thereby decreasing endogenous estrogen levels. In addition, this agent promotes the maintenance of male sex characteristics and is indicated for testosterone replacement in hypogonadal males. (NCI04) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is 2-methylprop-2-enoic acid which is substituted at position 3 by a 3,7-dimethyl-2,4,5,6,7,7a-hexahydro-1H-inden-4-yl group. A bicyclic sesquiterpenoid constituent of the essential oil of the Valerian plant. It has a role as a sedative, a GABA modulator, a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a valerenate. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6 and 7 and a hydroxy group at position 4'. It is a trimethoxyflavone and a monohydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is a thiophene compound having a carboxymethyl group at the 2-position. It has a role as an allergen. It is a member of thiophenes and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a thien-2-ylacetate. 
it, also known as fema 3375, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-(methylthio)-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, earthy, and fruit taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Levonorgestrel is a synthetic progesterone that is used for emergency contraception. Levonorgestrel is also used alone and in combination with estrogens in conventional oral contraceptives. Use of levonorgestrel for emergency contraception has not been associated with serum enzyme elevations or clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. it is a selective progesterone receptor modulator with anti-progesterone activity. it binds to the progesterone receptor (PR), thereby inhibiting PR-mediated gene expression, and interfering with progesterone activity in the reproductive system. As a result, this agent may suppress the growth of uterine leiomyomatosis. Furthermore, by inhibiting or delaying ovulation and effecting endometrial tissue, it can be used as an emergency contraception. 
it is a methylindole that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one substituted by methyl and a hydroxy group at position 3. It is a methylindole, a member of oxindoles and a member of hydroxyindoles. 
it is the spiroketal resulting from the formal condensation of 4-tert-butylcyclohexanone with 3-[ethyl(propyl)amino]propane-1,2-diol. An inhibitor of ergosterol synthesis, it is a broad spectrum agricultural fungicide used particularly against powdery mildew in the production of cereals, bananas and grapes. It has a role as a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dioxolane, a tertiary amino compound and a spiroketal. 
it is a pyridinedicarboxylic acid carrying carboxy groups at positions 2 and 5. It is a conjugate acid of an isocinchomeronate(1-). 
Ipratropium is a synthetic anticholinergic agent that is used as an inhalant for treatment of acute bronchospasm due to chronic bronchitis and emphysema. Ipratropium has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is a pyrrole formed via Maillard reaction of epsilon-aminocaproic acid with glucose. It is a carboxylic acid and a N-substituted pyrraline. 
it is a fatty amide of lauric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
it, also known as it or MESCH2SH, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hemiacetals. Hemiacetals are compounds comprising the hemiacetal functional group, with the general formula R2C(OH)OR' ( R' not Hydrogen ). it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a pungent and sulfurous taste. 
it appears as a colorless liquid shipped with not more than 62% peroxide in solution of methyl isobutyl ketone. Crystallizes when dry. May explode from heat, shock or friction when dry. 
it is a phenylindole that is 1H-indole which is substituted on the nitrogen by a p-chlorophenyl group, at position 5 by chlorine, and at position 3 by a piperidin-4-yl group, which is itself substituted on the nitrogen by a 2-(2-oxoimidazolidin-1-yl)ethyl group. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist and a second generation antipsychotic. It is a phenylindole, an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound, a heteroarylpiperidine and an imidazolidinone. 
it is a carbotricyclic compound that is pleuromutilin in which the hydroxyacetate group is replaced by a 2-{[2-(diethylamino)ethyl]sulfanyl}acetate group. An antibacterial drug, tiamulin is used in veterinary medicine (generally as its hydrogen fumarate salt) for the treatment of swine dysentery caused by Serpulina hyodysenteriae. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a carbotricyclic compound, a carboxylic ester, a cyclic ketone, a tertiary amino compound, a secondary alcohol, an organic sulfide, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from a Pleuromutilin. 
it is an aromatic amime that is the base component of spirit blue dye (the hydrochloride salt). It has a role as a dye. It is a secondary amino compound, an aromatic amine, an imine and an olefinic compound. It is a conjugate base of a spirit blue(1+). 
Polyketides of up to a few dozen carbons in length, formed by chain extension of multiple PROPIONATES and oxygenated to form tetrahydrofuran and lactone rings along the length of the chain. They are found in ANNONACEAE and other PLANTS. Related compounds cyclize to MACROLIDES. 
it is an optically active form of lactate having (R)-configuration. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-lactic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-lactate. 
(3Z)-hex-3-en-1-yl acetate is an acetate ester that results from the formal condensation of acetic acid with (Z)-hex-3-en-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an acetate ester and an olefinic compound. It derives from a (Z)-hex-3-en-1-ol and an acetic acid. 
it is a benzoate ester and a gallate ester. It derives from a gallic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a digallate. 
Leucyl-tyrosine, also known as it or leu-tyr, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Leucyl-tyrosine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Leucyl-tyrosine has been primarily detected in feces. 
7, 9-Dimethyluric acid, also known as 7, 9-dimethylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthines. These are purine derivatives with a ketone group conjugated at carbons 2 and 6 of the purine moiety. 7, 9-Dimethyluric acid is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 7, 9-Dimethyluric acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 7, 9-dimethyluric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as colorless or off-white crystalline solid. pH (0.1 molar aqueous solution) 3.4. pH (0.2 molar aqueous solution) 3.2. (NTP, 1992) 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is coronaridine in which the hydrogen of the indole moiety that is para- to the indole nitrogen has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a phytoestrogen. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester, a tertiary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and an alkaloid ester. It derives from a (-)-coronaridine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
ite is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a L-alpha-amino acid, a it, a proteinogenic amino acid and a L-alanine derivative. It is a conjugate base of a itium. It is a conjugate acid of a itate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a ite zwitterion. it is an unusual amino acid of proteins, the selenium analogue of cysteine, in which a selenium atom replaces sulphur. Involved in the catalytic mechanism of seleno enzymes such as formate dehydrogenase of E. coli and mammalian glutathione peroxidase. 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid that is 4,5,6,6a-tetradehydronoraporphin-7-one substituted by a methylenedioxy group across positions 1 and 2, methoxy groups at positions 3 and 11 and a hydroxy group at position 10. Isolated from the roots of Lindera chunii, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. It derives from an aporphine. 
it is a benzodioxole that consists of piperidine bearing 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yloxy)methyl and 4-fluorophenyl substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively; the (3S,4R)-diastereomer. Highly potent and selective 5-HT uptake inhibitor that binds with high affinity to the serotonin transporter (Ki = 0.05 nM). Ki values are 1.1, 350 and 1100 nM for inhibition of [3H]-5-HT, [3H]-l-NA and [3H]-DA uptake respectively. Displays minimal affinity for alpha1-, alpha2- or beta-adrenoceptors, 5-HT2A, 5-HT1A, D2 or H1 receptors at concentrations below 1000 nM, however displays weak affinity for muscarinic ACh receptors (Ki = 42 nM). Antidepressant and anxiolytic in vivo. It has a role as an antidepressant, an anxiolytic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a P450 inhibitor. It is a member of piperidines, a member of benzodioxoles, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a monofluorobenzene. It is a conjugate base of a paroxetinium(1+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as terminal alkynes. These are alkynes featuring a carbon substituent on one acetylenic carbon, and a hydrogen on the other carbon. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an N-methylated tetrahydroisoquinoline carrying phenyl and amino substituents at positions C-4 and C-8, respectively. It has a role as a dopamine uptake inhibitor. 
(R)-it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexenones. Cyclohexenones are compounds containing a cylohexenone moiety, which is a six-membered aliphatic ring that carries a ketone and has one endocyclic double bond (R)-it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (R)-ite is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (R)-ite can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (R)-ite a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid with a sulfur odor. It may cause illness from ingestion. If heated to high temperatures it may emit toxic fumes. It is used to make fertilizers and wine. 
it is a member of the class of acetamides that is the acetyl derivative of 6-amino-2-oxohexanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of acetamides. It derives from a 6-amino-2-oxohexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-acetamido-2-oxohexanoate. 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is N-phenylpyrimidin-2-amine carrying additional methyl and 1-propynyl substituents at positions 4 and 6 respectively. A fungicide used to control a wide range of diseases including grey mould on strawberries, tomatoes and cucumabers, and scab on apples and pears. It has a role as an aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist, a hepatotoxic agent and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aminopyrimidine, a secondary amino compound, an acetylenic compound and an anilinopyrimidine fungicide. 
it is an organic calcium salt that is the hemicalcium salt of rosuvastatin. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a CETP inhibitor and a cardioprotective agent. It is an organic calcium salt and a N-acyl-15-methylhexadecasphinganine-1-phosphoethanolamine. It contains a rosuvastatin(1-). Rosuvastatin Calcium is the calcium salt form of rosuvastatin, a statin with antilipidemic activity. Rosuvastatin selectively and competitively binds to and inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a precursor of cholesterol. This leads to a decrease in hepatic cholesterol levels and increase in uptake of LDL cholesterol. 
it is the acetate salt form of ganirelix, a synthetic decapeptide with high antagonistic activity against naturally occurring gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). Ganirelix directly competes with the GnRH for receptor binding in the anterior pituitary gland, thus induces a rapid and reversible suppression of the release of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH). This agent is used for the inhibition of premature LH surges in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation, and in combination with other hormones for retrieval of the mature follicles for in-vitro fertilization. 
(2S)-it is a flavanone glycoside that is 4'-methoxy-5,7-dihydroxyflavanone attached to a neohesperidose (alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranose) residue via a glycosidic linkage. It has been isolated from the fruits of Poncirus trifoliata and exhibits inhibitory activity against liopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced prostaglandin E2 and interleukin-6 (IL-6) production. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monomethoxyflavanone, a flavanone glycoside, a disaccharide derivative, a neohesperidoside and a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones. It derives from a 4'-methoxy-5,7-dihydroxyflavanone. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is (4-hydroxy-3,5-diiodophenyl)propanoic acid in which the phenolic hydroxy group has been replaced by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group. An ionotropic analogue of L-thyroxine. It is an organoiodine compound, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a UDP-amino sugar having 4-amino-4-deoxy-beta-L-arabinopyranose as the amino sugar component. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a 4-amino-4-deoxy-beta-L-arabinopyranose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
6, 6-Dimethoxy-2, 5, 5-trimethyl-2-hexene, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. 6, 6-Dimethoxy-2, 5, 5-trimethyl-2-hexene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6, 6-dimethoxy-2, 5, 5-trimethyl-2-hexene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 6, 6-Dimethoxy-2, 5, 5-trimethyl-2-hexene has a citrus, fresh, and grapefruit peel taste. 
it is a naturally-occurring beta-amino acid comprising propionic acid with the amino group in the 3-position. It has a role as an inhibitor, an agonist, a human metabolite, a fundamental metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-alaninate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an organoiodine compound that is iodobenzene substituted by methoxy group at psotion 2. It is an aromatic ether and an organoiodine compound. 
it is a 2-polyprenylphenol in which the polyprenyl chain contains 8 prenyl units; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the sulfate salt of amikacin, a broad-spectrum semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic, derived from kanamycin with antimicrobial property. Amikacin irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, specifically in contact with 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex and misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. This agent is usually used in short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria. 
it is a pyrimidone resulting from the formal oxidation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of 5-hydroxymethyluracil to the corresponding aldehyde. It is a major one-electron photooxidation product of thymine in oligodeoxynucleotides. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mutagen. It is a pyrimidone, an aldehyde and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a 5-hydroxymethyluracil and a thymine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
3, 3'-Bisjuglone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthoquinones. Naphthoquinones are compounds containing a naphthohydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring linearly fused to a bezene-1, 4-dione (quinone). 3, 3'-Bisjuglone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3, 3'-bisjuglone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3, 3'-bisjuglone can be found in nuts. This makes 3, 3'-bisjuglone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid that is succinic acid bearing two mercapto substituents at positions 2 and 3. A lead chelator used as an antedote to lead poisoning. It has a role as a chelator. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a dithiol and a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid. it is an orally active mercaptodicarboxylic acid, with heavy metal chelating activity. As a strong chelator, it is able to bind to heavy metals, such as lead, in the bloodstream, thereby forming a water-soluble complex that can be eliminated via urinary excretion. This prevents heavy metal poisoning. In addition, it is able to chelate the alpha particle emitter and radionuclide polonium Po 210 ((Po-210), thereby increasing its excretion and reducing the toxic effects of Po-210. 
it is a disaccharide consisting of beta-D-galactopyranose and D-glucitol joined by a 1->4 glycosidic bond. It is used as a laxative, as an excipient, and as replacement bulk sweetener in some low-calorie foods. It has a role as a laxative, an excipient and a cathartic. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diphenylmethanes. Diphenylmethanes are compounds containing a diphenylmethane moiety, which consists of a methane wherein two hydrogen atoms are replaced by two phenyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, halocins is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is dodecane in which the methyl groups have been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acids. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.1 (alcohol dehydrogenase) inhibitor and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a dodecanedioate(2-). It derives from a hydride of a dodecane. 
Halofuginone is an orally-active quinazolinone alkaloid with potential antineoplastic activity. Halofuginone interferes with the signaling pathway of transforming growth factor beta (TGF beta) and inhibits expression of matrix metalloproteinase 2, thereby inhibiting collagen type I synthesis and inducing extracellular matrix degradation, resulting in inhibition of angiogenesis, tumor growth, or metastasis. 
it appears as a light amber liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. 
Cefsulodin is a semi-synthetic, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with a narrow spectrum of activity. Cefsulodin has activity against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus but little activity against other bacteria. 
it is an acetate ester that is strophanidin acetylated at the 3beta-hydroxy group. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It derives from a strophanthidin. 
it is an alkyl caffeate ester in which 2-phenylethyl is the alkyl component. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an immunomodulator, a metabolite, an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent, an antiviral agent and an antibacterial agent. it is the phenethyl alcohol ester of caffeic acid and a bioactive component of honeybee hive propolis, with antineoplastic, cytoprotective and immunomodulating activities. Upon administration, it (it) inhibits the activation of nuclear transcription factor NF-kappa B and may suppress p70S6K and Akt-driven signaling pathways. In addition, it inhibits PDGF-induced proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells through the activation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1alpha and subsequent induction of heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1). 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the hypoxanthines. These are compounds containing the purine derivative 1H-purin-6(9H)-one. it is known to target thymidine kinase. 
A C19 norditerpenoid alkaloid (DITERPENES) from the root of ACONITUM; DELPHINIUM and larkspurs. It activates VOLTAGE-GATED SODIUM CHANNELS. It has been used to induce ARRHYTHMIAS in experimental animals and it has anti-inflammatory and anti-neuralgic properties. 
it is a pyrrolizidine alkaloid isolated from the plant species of the genus Senecio. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lactone, a pyrrolizidine alkaloid and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a senecionan. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
4-Methylacetophenone, also known as melilot or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 4-Methylacetophenone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 4-methylacetophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Methylacetophenone exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 4-Methylacetophenone is a sweet, acetophenone, and bitter almond tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as parsley, green vegetables, herbs and spices, and pepper (c. frutescens). This makes 4-methylacetophenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is one of several glycerophosphate salts. It is used clinically to treat or prevent low phosphate levels. Glycerophosphate is hydrolyzed to inorganic phosphate and glycerol in the body. The extent of this reaction is dependent on the activity of serum alkaline phosphatases. Sodium Glycerophosphate is the sodium salt form of an organic phosphate compound that provides phosphate for nutritional purposes. In addition, sodium glycerophosphate can be used as a phosphate diluting agent upon internal contamination with the beta-emiting radioisotope phosphate P 32 (P-32) that competes with P-32 for absorption. As sodium glycerophosphate is administered in high amounts, the absorption of P-32 is prevented or minimalized. 
it is an o-quinone resulting from the formal oxidation of the dihydroxyphenyl moiety of 2-hydroxyestrone. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 17-oxo steroid and a member of orthoquinones. It derives from a 2-hydroxyestrone. 
it is an indazole substituted at position 3 by a 2-(pyridin-2-yl)vinyl group and at position 6 by a 2-(N-methylaminocarboxy)phenylsulfanyl group. Used for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma after failure of a first line systemic treatment. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of indazoles, a member of pyridines, an aryl sulfide and a member of benzamides. it is an orally bioavailable tyrosine kinase inhibitor. it inhibits the proangiogenic cytokines vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGF), thereby exerting an anti-angiogenic effect. 
it is a quinoline alkaloid that is furo[2,3-b]quinoline substituted by a methoxy and a hydroxy group at positions 4 and 8 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a quinoline alkaloid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a cyclic ether, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 
it appears as a pale yellow liquid or crystalline solid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. Vapor can injure the eyes and respiratory tract and may cause headaches and dizziness. Vapor is anesthetic and may have other central nervous system effects. Vapor may also cause liver and kidney disorder. Ingestion of the liquid into the respiratory system, or from vomiting, may cause bronchopneumonia or pulmonary edema. 
(1R*, 3R*, 6S*)-it, also known as 3-caraneol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other (1R*, 3R*, 6S*)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (1R*, 3R*, 6S*)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (1R*, 3R*, 6S*)-it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (1R*, 3R*, 6S*)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as white or light-yellow needles or leaves. mp: 212-213Â° C, bp 376Â°C. Density: 1.23 g/cm3. Insoluble in water. Soluble in hot benzene. Very soluble in hot ethyl alcohol. Usually shipped as a solid mixture with its isomers o-terphenyl and m-terphenyl that is used as a heat-transfer fluid. it is a para-terphenyl that consists of benzene attached to two phenyl units at positions 1 and 4 respectively. 
it is an N-acylglutamic acid in which the N-acyl group is specified as 4-[2-(2-amino-4-oxo-4,7-dihydro-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-5-yl)ethyl]benzoyl. Inhibits thymidylate synthase (TS), 421 dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR), and glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase (GARFT). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite, an EC 2.1.1.45 (thymidylate synthase) inhibitor, an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor and an EC 2.1.2.2 (phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a pyrrolopyrimidine and a N-acyl-L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a synthetic pyrimidine-based antifolate. it binds to and inhibits the enzyme thymidylate synthase (TS), which catalyses the methylation of 2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (dUMP) to 2'-deoxythymidine-5'-monophosphate (dTMP), an essential precursor in DNA synthesis. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
Triptorelin Pamoate is the pamoate salt of triptorelin, a synthetic decapeptide agonist analog of luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH). Possessing greater potency than endogenous LHRH, triptorelin reversibly represses gonadotropin secretion after prolonged administration. After chronic, continuous administration, a sustained decrease in LH, FSH and testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis is observed. The serum testosterone concentration may fall to levels typically seen in surgically castrated men. (NCI04) 
it is a thiomorpholinemonocarboxylic acid having the carboxy group at the 3-position. It is a conjugate acid of a thiomorpholine-3-carboxylate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
2-(glutathion-S-yl)-1,4-hydroquinone is a glutathione conjugate in which the thiol hydrogen of glutathione has been replaced by a 2,5-dihydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a nephrotoxic agent. It is a glutathione conjugate, an aryl sulfide and a member of hydroquinones. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(glutathion-S-yl)-1,4-hydroquinone(1-). 
it is a member of the class of quinolines that is the carboxamide of 4-{3-chloro-4-[(cyclopropylcarbamoyl)amino]phenoxy}-7-methoxyquinoline-6-carboxylic acid. A multi-kinase inhibitor and orphan drug used (as its mesylate salt) for the treatment of various types of thyroid cancer that do not respond to radioiodine. It has a role as a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist, an orphan drug, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of quinolines, an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an aromatic amide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of cyclopropanes and a member of phenylureas. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic, orally available inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2, also known as KDR/FLK-1) tyrosine kinase with potential antineoplastic activity. it blocks VEGFR2 activation by VEGF, resulting in inhibition of the VEGF receptor signal transduction pathway, decreased vascular endothelial cell migration and proliferation, and vascular endothelial cell apoptosis. 
Siponimod is an orally available immunomodulatory drug used to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. Siponimod is associated with transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice, although experience with its use has been limited. 
it is an ester of cetyl alcohol and 2-ethylhexanoic acid. It is present in cosmetic products as a skin conditioning agent and emollient. 
3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamyl alcohols. These are aromatic alcohols containing a 3-phenylprop-2-en-1-ol moiety. 3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-[(2-methylhydrazino)methyl]benzoic acid with the amino group of isopropylamine. An antineoplastic chemotherapy drug used for treatment of Hodgkin's lymphoma. Metabolism yields azo-it and hydrogen peroxide, which results in the breaking of DNA strands. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of hydrazines and a member of benzamides. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a methylhydrazine derivative with antineoplastic and mutagenic activities. Although the exact mode of cytotoxicity has not been elucidated, it, after metabolic activation, appears to inhibit the trans-methylation of methionine into transfer RNA (t-RNA), thereby preventing protein synthesis and consequently DNA and RNA synthesis. This agent may also undergo auto-oxidation, resulting in the formation of cytotoxic free radicals which damage DNA through an alkylation reaction. 
it is fungal metabolite first found in basidiomycete Inonotus hispidus (formerly Polyporus hispidus). It has a role as an antioxidant and a fungal metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of 2-pyranones. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is isobutyric acid substituted at position 2 by a p-chlorophenoxy group. It is a metabolite of the drug clofibrate. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug, an antilipemic drug, a PPARalpha agonist, an antineoplastic agent, a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a herbicide. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an aromatic ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an isobutyric acid. 
it is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 5-oxopentanoic acid substituted by an amino group at position 4 (the 4S-stereoisomer). It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a gamma-amino acid, a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a glutamic semialdehyde. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-4-amino-5-oxopentanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
, also known as acetate c-12 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. is a sweet, clean, and fresh tasting compound that can be found in citrus, fruits, and herbs and spices. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a beta-amino acid that is caprylic acid which is substituted by an amino group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-amino acid and a beta-amino-fatty acid. It derives from an octanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of quinolines that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-[(methanesulfonyl)amino]-2-phenylquinoline-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of (1S)-1-phenylpropan-1-amine. A neurokinin-3 receptor antagonist that has been trialled as a potential drug for treatment of schizophrenia and menopausal symptoms. It has a role as a neurokinin-3 receptor antagonist and an antipsychotic agent. It is a member of quinolines, a secondary carboxamide, a sulfonamide and an aromatic amide. 
it is the 1-hydrazino derivative of phthalazine; a direct-acting vasodilator that is used as an antihypertensive agent. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and a vasodilator agent. It is a member of phthalazines, an azaarene, an ortho-fused heteroarene and a member of hydrazines. it is a phthalazine derivative with antihypertensive effects. it exerts its vasodilatory effects through modification of the contractile state of arterial vascular smooth muscle by altering intracellular calcium release, and interfering with smooth muscle cell calcium influx. This agent also causes inhibition of phosphorylation of myosin protein or chelation of trace metals required for smooth muscle contraction, thereby resulting in an increase in heart rate, stroke volume and cardiac output. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02048709 (Indoleamine 2,3-Dioxygenase (IDO) Inhibitor in Advanced Solid Tumors). it is an orally available inhibitor of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1), with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it targets and binds to IDO1, a cytosolic enzyme responsible for the oxidation of the essential amino acid tryptophan into kynurenine. By inhibiting IDO1 and decreasing kynurenine in tumor cells, this agent increases tryptophan levels, restores the proliferation and activation of various immune cells, including dendritic cells (DCs), natural killer (NK) cells, and T-lymphocytes, and causes a reduction in tumor-associated regulatory T-cells (Tregs). Activation of the immune system, which is suppressed in many cancers, may induce a cytotoxic T-lymphocyte (CTL) response against the IDO1-expressing tumor cells. IDO1 is overexpressed by a variety of tumor cell types and plays an important role in immunosuppression. Tryptophan depletion is associated with immunosuppression caused by T-cell suppression. 
The first mixed agonist-antagonist analgesic to be marketed. It is an agonist at the kappa and sigma opioid receptors and has a weak antagonist action at the mu receptor. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1991, p97) 
it is a N-acylurea that is N-carbamoyl-2,6-difluorobenzamide substituted by a 3,5-dichloro-2,4-difluorophenyl group at the terminal nitrogen atom. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an insecticide. It is a dichlorobenzene, a N-acylurea and a difluorobenzene. It derives from a N-benzoylurea. 
it appears as pale yellow crystals or yellowish powder. Decomposes at 243-244Â°C. Used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. A known carcinogen. it is a thiopurine that is 6-mercaptopurine in which the mercapto hydrogen is replaced by a 1-methyl-4-nitroimidazol-5-yl group. It is a prodrug for mercaptopurine and is used as an immunosuppressant, prescribed for the treatment of inflammatory conditions and after organ transplantation and also for treatment of Crohn's didease and MS. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite, an immunosuppressive agent, a prodrug, a carcinogenic agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a thiopurine, a C-nitro compound, a member of imidazoles and an aryl sulfide. it is a purine analogue with cytotoxic and immunosuppressive activity. it is a prodrug that is converted by hepatic xanthine oxidase to its active metabolite 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP). 6-MP is further metabolized by hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase (HGPRT) into 6-thioguanosine-5'-phosphate (6-thio-GMP) and 6-thioinosine monophosphate (6-thio-IMP), both inhibit nucleotide conversions and de novo purine synthesis. This leads to inhibition of DNA, RNA, and protein synthesis. As a result, cell proliferation may be inhibited, particularly in lymphocytes and leukocytes. 
it is an inducer of liver peroxisomes and of mitochondrial carmitine acetyltransferase. In an animal model, it reduced total liver cholesterol as well as estimated total body cholesterol. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt of cefotiam 1-(cyclohexyloxycarbonyloxy)ethyl ester. It is used as a prodrug for cefotiam. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a prodrug. It contains a cefotiam hexetil ester. It derives from a cefotiam. it is the hydrochloride salt of cefotiam hexetil, an ester prodrug of cefotiam for parenteral use. Cefotiam is a semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. After administration of it the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active cefotiam. 
it, also known as codeine methyl ether, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as morphinans. These are polycyclic compounds with a four-ring skeleton with three condensed six-member rings forming a partially hydrogenated phenanthrene moiety, one of which is aromatic while the two others are alicyclic. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a diazo compound in which the diazo group is attached to an ethylidene group. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of phenylethanolamines that is 2-amino-1-phenylethanol substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a phenolic hydroxy group at position 1. A sympathomimetic agent , it is used in the treatment of hypotension. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent and a vasoconstrictor agent. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 65Â°F. Toxic by ingestion. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Combustion produces toxic oxides of nitrogen. it is an azacycloalkane that is cycloheptane in which one of the carbon atoms is replaced by a nitrogen atom. It is a member of azepanes, an azacycloalkane and a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent. 
Naringenin is a trihydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 6 and 4'. It is a trihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. 
it is a 2-oxo aldehyde that is 4-hydroxybutanal carrying an oxo group at position 2. It is a degradation product of vitamin C. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a 2-oxo aldehyde and a beta-hydroxy ketone. 
A fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent and DNA TOPOISOMERASE II inhibitor that is used as an ophthalmic solution for the treatment of BACTERIAL CONJUNCTIVITIS. 
it is the sodium salt of diclofenac. It contains a diclofenac(1-). it is the sodium salt form of diclofenac, a benzene acetic acid derivate and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory activity. it is a non-selective reversible and competitive inhibitor of cyclooxygenase (COX), subsequently blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandin precursors. This leads to an inhibition of the formation of prostaglandins that are involved in pain, inflammation and fever. 
it is a 3beta-sterol that consists of 3beta-hydroxystigmastane having double bonds at the 5,6- and 22,23-positions. It has a role as a vitamin and a plant metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a stigmastane sterol, a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid and a member of phytosterols. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. it is a steroid derivative characterized by the hydroxyl group in position C-3 of the steroid skeleton, and unsaturated bonds in position 5-6 of the B ring, and position 22-23 in the alkyl substituent. it is found in the fats and oils of soybean, calabar bean and rape seed, as well as several other vegetables, legumes, nuts, seeds, and unpasteurized milk. 
it is a N(6)-acyl-L-lysine having (2R,3R)-3-methyl-3,4-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-ylcarbonyl as the N(6)-acyl group. It is a proteinogenic amino acid, a N(6)-acyl-L-lysine and a it. It is a conjugate base of a L-pyrrolysinium. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of oxycodone with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. it is a mu-opioid receptor antagonist that is used to treat alcohol dependence. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor antagonist, an antidote to opioid poisoning and a central nervous system depressant. It contains a naltrexone(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of naltrexone, a noroxymorphone derivative with competitive opioid antagonistic activity. Naltrexone and its metabolite 6-beta-naltrexol reverse the effects of opioids by binding to various opioid receptors in the central nervous system CNS), including the mu-, kappa- and gamma-opioid receptors; opioid effects of analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia, and physical dependence are inhibited. Naltrexone is longer-acting and more potent compared to naloxone. 
it is an organic heteroheptacyclic compound, an epoxide, a gamma-lactam and a diterpenoid. It has a role as an antispermatogenic agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid substituted by a phosphonooxy group at position 2. It is a metabolic intermediate in pathways like glycolysis and gluconeogenesis. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a carboxyalkyl phosphate. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonatoenolpyruvate and a it. 
Quinoline yellow, also known as acid yellow 3 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indanediones. Indanediones are compounds containing an indane ring bearing two ketone groups. Quinoline yellow is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a glycophytoceramide that consists of phytosphingosine having an alpha-D-galactosyl attached at the O-1 position via a glycosidic linkage and a (Z)-tetracos-15-enoyl group attached to the nitrogen. 
it is an oxopurine that is 3,9-dihydro-6H-purine which is substituted by an oxo group at position 6 and in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 3 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a major component of it, an alarm pheromone found in fish. It has a role as an alarm pheromone and a metabolite. It is a member of hydroxylamines, an oxopurine and a member of purine N-oxides. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having octanoyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an O-acylcarnitine and an octanoate ester. 
Dihydro-5-Azacytidine is a synthetic nucleoside analogue of deoxycytidine. Dihydro-5-azacytidine inhibits DNA methyltransferase, thereby interfering with abnormal DNA methylation patterns that are associated with genetic instability in some tumor cells. Inhibition of this enzyme may restore expression of tumor-suppressor genes and result in antitumor activity. (NCI04) 
Lidocaine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt from of lidocaine, an aminoethylamide and a prototypical member of the amide class anesthetics. Lidocaine interacts with voltage-gated Na+ channels in the nerve cell membrane and blocks the transient increase in permeability of excitable membranes to Na+. This prevents the generation and conduction of nerve impulses and produces a reversible loss of sensation. Lidocaine hydrochloride also exhibits class IB antiarrhythmic effects. The agent decreases the flow of sodium ions into myocardial tissue, especially on the Purkinje network, during phase 0 of the action potential, thereby decreasing depolarization, automaticity and excitability. 
it, also known as 2-furanmethanethiol or 2-methyl-3-furylmercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a coconut, fishy, and meaty tasting compound that can be found in fishes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
1,4-Dihydrazinophthalazine. An antihypertensive agent with actions and uses similar to those of HYDRALAZINE. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p354) 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of dopamine, a monoamine compound with positive inotropic activity. Dopamine is a naturally occurring catecholamine formed by decarboxylation of dehydroxyphenylalanine and a precursor of norepinephrine and epinephrine. Dopamine binds to alpha-1- and beta-1- adrenergic receptors. Mediated through myocardial beta-1-adrenergic receptors, dopamine increase heart rate and force, thereby increasing cardiac output. Alpha-1-adrenergic receptor stimulation on vascular smooth muscle, leads to vasoconstriction and results in an increase in systemic vascular resistance. Stimulation of dopaminergic receptors in renal vasculature, leads to renal blood vessel dilation, and an increase in glomerular filtration rate, renal blood flow, sodium excretion, and urine output. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the semi-synthetic camptothecin analogue belotecan with potential antitumor activity. Belotecan binds to and inhibits the activity of topoisomerase I, stabilizing the cleavable complex of topoisomerase I-DNA, which inhibits the religation of single-stranded DNA breaks generated by topoisomerase I; lethal double-stranded DNA breaks occur when the topoisomerase I-DNA complex is encountered by the DNA replication machinery, DNA replication is disrupted, and the tumor cell undergoes apoptosis. Topoisomerase I is an enzyme that mediates reversible single-strand breaks in DNA during DNA replication. 
it is the calcium salt form of fenoprofen, a propionic acid derivative with analgesic, non-steroidal antiinflammatory and antirheumatic properties. Fenoprofen inhibits both isozymes of cyclooxygenase; resulting in prostaglandin synthesis inhibition, thereby blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins. In addition, fenoprofen activate both peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR)-alpha and -gamma, by which it may down-regulate leukotriene B4 production. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, acetylpanaxydol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, acetylpanaxydol can be found in tea. This makes acetylpanaxydol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as ethyl (methylsulfanyl)acetate or fema 3835, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is an apricot, citrus, and earthy tasting compound that can be found in fruits and muskmelon. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a flammable and poisonous gas, with a strong repulsive odor. It is easily ignited in air, reacts with oxidizing agents, is very toxic by inhalation, and is a strong irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the container may rupture violently or rocket. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is methionine in which the S-methyl group is replaced by an S-ethyl group. It is an organic sulfide and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a naphthopyran that is 3,4-dihydronaphtho[2,3-c]pyran-1-one which is substituted by a (2R,4R)-2,4,9-trihydroxynonyl group at position 3 and a methoxy group at position 7. Published in Acta Pharm. Sin. B, 2013, 3, 163-166. See also J. Antibiot., 2011, 64, 503-508. It is an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, a delta-lactone, a secondary alcohol, a primary alcohol and a naphtho-alpha-pyrone. 
it, also known as indol-2-carboxylate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives. Indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid group (or a derivative thereof) linked to an indole. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. 
it is a sulfonamide resulting from the formal condensation of the sulfonic acid group of mesitylene-2-sulphonic acid with the amino group of 2-(m-bromophenyl)ethylamine in which the nitrogen is substituted by a 4-[m-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]benzyl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a liver X receptor inverse agonist. It is a sulfonamide, a sulfone and a member of bromobenzenes. 
it is a member of the class of bipyridines that is 2-pyridone which is substituted at positions 3, 5, and 6 by cyano, pyrid-4-yl, and methyl groups, respectively. It is used (particularly intravenously, as the lactate) for the short-term management of severe heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.1.4.17 (3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide phosphodiesterase) inhibitor, a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a vasodilator agent and a cardiotonic drug. It is a pyridone, a nitrile and a member of bipyridines. 
Clopenthixol is a thioxanthene derivative having a chloro substituent at the 2-position and an alkylidene group at the 10-position with undefined double bond stereochemistry. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist and a first generation antipsychotic. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a primary alcohol and a member of thioxanthenes. 
3,3,5-trimethylcyclohexylsalicylate appears as viscous or light yellow to slightly tan liquid or oil. (NTP, 1992) 2-hydroxybenzoic acid (3,3,5-trimethylcyclohexyl) ester is a benzoate ester and a member of phenols. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow, fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Solidifies at 48Â°F. Very toxic by inhalation and corrosive to metals and tissue. Containers exposed to prolonged heat may violently rupture and rocket. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, calebin a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, calebin a can be found in herbs and spices and turmeric. This makes calebin a a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as isopropenylacetate or 3-â€‹methylvinylacetic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methyl-branched fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an acyl chain that has a methyl branch. Usually, they are saturated and contain only one or more methyl group. However, branches other than methyl may be present. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. it has been linked to the inborn metabolic disorders including 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA lyase deficiency. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a docosanoid that is 17(R)-hydroxy-(4Z,7Z,10,12,14,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid in which a glutathionyl group is attached at position 16S via a sulfide linkage. An intermediate of specialised proresolving mediators. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a specialised pro-resolving mediator. It is a docosanoid, an organic sulfide, a secondary alcohol, a tricarboxylic acid and a glutathione conjugate. It is a conjugate acid of a 16(S)-glutathionyl-17(R)-hydroxy-(4Z,7Z,10,12,14,19Z)-docosahexaenoate(2-). 
it is a second-generation, orally bioavailable, highly selective small molecule inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase Aurora A kinase with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits Aurora A kinase, which may result in disruption of the assembly of the mitotic spindle apparatus, disruption of chromosome segregation, and inhibition of cell proliferation. Aurora A kinase localizes to the spindle poles and to spindle microtubules during mitosis, and is thought to regulate spindle assembly. Aberrant expression of Aurora kinases occurs in a wide variety of cancers, including colon and breast cancers. 
it is an amino cyclitol that is scyllo-inosamine in which the 2-hydroxy group is substituted by hydrogen. It derives from a scyllo-inositol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a neprilysn (NEP) inhibitor prodrug with natriuretic activity. Upon administration, it is metabolized by esterases to its active metabolite, itat, which inhibits NEP, a neutral endopeptidase that cleaves natriuretic peptides such as atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), and c-type natriuretic peptide (CNP), as well as certain vasoconstricting peptides including as angiotensin I and II, and endothelin-1. Additionally, itat may inhibit NEP-mediated catabolism of certain peptide-based agents, thereby improving their in vivo stability and increasing tumor cell exposure. 
it is the benzoate salt form of rizatriptan, a member of the triptan class agents with anti-migraine property. it selectively binds to and activates serotonin (5-HT) 1B receptors expressed in intracranial arteries, and to 5-HT 1D receptors located on peripheral trigeminal sensory nerve terminals in the meninges and central terminals in brain stem sensory nuclei. Receptor binding results in constriction of cranial vessels and inhibition of nociceptive transmission, thereby providing relief of migraine headaches. it may also relief migraine headaches by inhibition of pro-inflammatory neuropeptide release. 
5,7-dimethyl-2-methylamino-4-(3-pyridylmethyl)-1,3-benzothiazol-6-yl hydrogen sulfate is an aryl sulfate obtained by sulfation of the phenolic hydroxy group of the anti-inflammatory drug, E3040. It is one of the major metabolites of E3040. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of benzothiazoles, a member of pyridines, an aryl sulfate and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an E3040. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-threonine, L-alanine, and L-serine joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-threonine, a L-alanine and a L-serine. 
it appears as colorless crystals. Slightly corrosive to iron. A chlorinated phenoxy herbicide. Soluble in organic solvents. it is a monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 4 is replaced by a 2,4-dichlorophenoxy group. A selective post-emergence herbicide. It has a role as an agrochemical, a synthetic auxin and a phenoxy herbicide. It is an organochlorine compound, a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)butanoate. 
it is an amino sugar that is alpha-D-glucose in which the 2 and 6-hydroxy groups are replaced by amino groups. It is an amino sugar and a dideoxyhexose derivative. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose. 
it is a synthetic tetraglycosidic anthracycline antibiotic with antineoplastic activity. it appears to intercalate DNA and causes cell death. Due to its severe cardiotoxic effects, this agent was never marketed. 
it, also known as it or fema 3854, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-mercapto-3-methyl-1-butanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, meat broth, and roasted tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, coffee and coffee products, and fruits. This makes 3-mercapto-3-methyl-1-butanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an alkanesulfonic acid in which the alkyl group directly linked to the sulfo functionality is butyl. It is a conjugate acid of a butane-1-sulfonate. 
it is a sulfonium compound in which the substituents on sulfur are three methyl groups. It is found in the midgut gland of the sea hare, Aplysia brasiliana, and exhibits probable ability to inhibit cholinergic responses. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and a thymidine phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Methylprednisolone Sodium Succinate is the sodium succinate salt of a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory effects. Methylprednisolone sodium succinate is converted into active prednisolone in the body, which activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. This includes inducing synthesis of anti-inflammatory protein IkappaB-alpha and inhibiting synthesis of nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB). As a result, proinflammatory cytokine production such as IL-1, IL-2 and IL-6 is down-regulated and cytotoxic T-lymphocyte activation is inhibited. Therefore, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions may be achieved. 
it appears as colorless crystals with slight aromatic odor. Used as a fungicide. 3-(3,5-dichlorophenyl)-5-ethenyl-5-methyl-2,4-oxazolidinedione is a member of the class of oxazolidinones that is 5-ethenyl-5-methyl-2,4-oxazolidinedione in which the imide hydrogen is replaced by a 3,5-dichlorophenyl group. It is a dicarboximide, a dichlorobenzene, an oxazolidinone and an olefinic compound. 
it is a propanoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of propionic acid with decan-2-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of dithiocarbamic acids that is dithiocarbamic acid in which a hydrogen attached to the amino group has been replaced by a methyl group. It is used (most widely as the corresponding sodium salt, it-sodium) as an agricultural pesticide, mainly as a broad spectrum soil fumigant for the control of weeds, nematodes, soil-borne insects and fungi. It has a role as a profungicide, a proherbicide, a proinsecticide and a pronematicide. It is an organosulfur insecticide and a member of dithiocarbamic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it(3-) is the trianion arising from deprotonation of the diphosphate hydroxy groups and the imide nitrogen of flavin mononucleotide (it). Major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a coenzyme, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it, also known as it or centelase, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ite is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, ite can be found in green vegetables and herbs and spices. This makes ite a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
9H-it is an oxopurine in which the purine ring is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 6 and N-9 is protonated. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a tautomer of a 7H-it. 
it, also known as 2, 2'-dithiodipropane or fema 3827, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is an alliaceous, cabbage, and meaty tasting compound that can be found in fruits, guava, and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
, also known as it or fema 3572, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. Thus, is considered to be a fatty acid lipid molecule. exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. is a cheese, fatty, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in fruits and tea. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Erythrose, also known as L-threose or D-erythro-tetrose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentoses. These are monosaccharides in which the carbohydrate moiety contains five carbon atoms. Erythrose is very soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Erythrose has been found in human cartilage tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, erythrose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid that is pentadecanoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It derives from a pentadecanoic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of isoxsuprine, a benzyl alcohol derivative with vasodilator activity. The mechanism of action of it is controversial because this drug has beta-adrenergic agonist activities that are not reversed by beta-adrenergic blockers. Although stimulation of the beta adrenergic receptor increases blood flow to produce vasodilatation, this drug may also have direct effects on the contractility of smooth muscle. it also causes relaxation of uterine smooth muscle and may also produce positive inotropic and chronotropic effects on the myocardium. 
3, 4, 5, 6-Tetrahydroxyoxane-2-carboxylic acid, also known as hexopyranuronate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glucuronic acid derivatives. Glucuronic acid derivatives are compounds containing a glucuronic acid moiety (or a derivative), which consists of a glucose moiety with the C6 carbon oxidized to a carboxylic acid. 3, 4, 5, 6-Tetrahydroxyoxane-2-carboxylic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is d-Mannopyranose having alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It is an enantiomer of an alpha-L-mannose. 
it is a organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of an azo-substituted pyrazolinone sulfonic acid compound. It has a role as a dye. It is a member of pyrazoles, an azo compound and an organic sodium salt. 
it is a myo-inositol pentakisphosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a myo-it(10-). 
it is a second-generation sulfonylurea with antihyperglycemic activity. Like other larger sulfonylurea compounds, it appears to exert greater binding affinity for peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma) agonistic activity among most of the first and second-generation agents. 
it is a 2-hydroxy carboxylic acid that is lactic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy carboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)lactate. 
it is an indazole non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic, antipyretic, and anti-edema properties. Unlike other NSAIDs, it does not inhibit cyclooxygenases (COX) but stabilizes membranes, resulting in local anesthesia; inhibits the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines; inhibits the generation of reactive oxygen species by neutrophils; inhibits leukocyte aggregation and adhesion; and exhibits antimicrobial properties. (NCI04) 
Iooxitalamic acid is an organoiodine compound that is 2,4,6-triiodobenzoic acid substituted by an acetylamino group at position 3 and a (2-hydroxyethyl)carbamoyl group at position 5. It is used as a contrast medium. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a radioopaque medium. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a member of acetamides, an organoiodine compound and a member of benzoic acids. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is furan in which the hydrogen at position 3 is replaced by a 4-methylpent-3-en-1-yl group. A defensive allomone of thrips that has a flowery, citrus-like flavour. It has a role as a semiochemical, a metabolite and a fragrance. It is a member of furans and a monoterpenoid. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of nonadecanoic acid with methanol. It derives from a nonadecanoic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the sodium salt form of fosphenytoin, a prodrug that is hydrolyzed to the anticonvulsant phenytoin upon parental administration. Phenytoin exerts its effect most likely through an enhancement of sodium efflux from neurons in the motor cortex. This leads to a suppression of excessive neuronal firing and spread of seizure activity. Other physiologic effects from actions of phenytoin include modulation of the voltage-dependent calcium channels of neurons, inhibition of calcium flux across neuronal membranes and enhancement of sodium-potassium ATPase activity of neurons and glial cells. (NCI05) 
it is a pyridoisoquinoline that is 1,3,4,6,7,11b-hexahydro-2H-pyrido[2,1-a]isoquinoline which is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 8 by 2-hydroxyethyl, ethyl, and hydroxy groups, respectively, and by methoxy groups at positions 9 and 10 (the 2R,3R,11bS stereoisomer). It is a benzo[a]quinolizidine alkaloid isolated from the Indian medicinal plant Alangium lamarckii. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of isoquinolines, a member of phenols, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether, a primary alcohol, an isoquinoline alkaloid and a pyridoisoquinoline. 
it is a cyclic ketone isolated from the bark of Morella species and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity against cancer cells. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a diarylheptanoid, an aromatic ether, a member of methoxybenzenes, a member of phenols and a cyclic ketone. 
it is a ketoaldonic acid phosphate comprising 5-dehydro-2-deoxy-D-gluconic acid having the phosphate group at the 6-position. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-phosphonato-5-dehydro-2-deoxy-D-gluconate(3-). 
it is a ten-membered synthetic oligopeptide comprising pyroglutamyl, histidyl, tryptophyl, seryl, tyrosyl, glycyl, leucyl, arginyl, prolyl and glycinamide residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist. It is an oligopeptide and a peptide hormone. Recombinant it is a synthetic luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH) identical to or similar to the endogenous hormone. Synthesized in and secreted by the hypothalamus, gonadorelin binds to transmembrane LHRH receptors on pituitary gonadotrophic cells, thereby stimulating synthesis and secretion of gonadotropins. Continuous administration of gonadorelin desensitizes the gonadotrophic cells, a negative feedback effect. This agent can be used in treatment of hypothalamic amenorrhea and evaluation of hypothalamic/pituitary function. 
it is an alkyl sulfate that is the sulfuric ester of octan-1-ol. It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a kairomone. It derives from an octan-1-ol. It is a conjugate acid of a n-octyl sulfate. 
it is a tetrasaccharide consisting of alpha-D-abequose, alpha-D-mannose, alpha-L-rhamnose and alpha-D-galactose residues linked sequentially (1->3), (1->4) and (1->3); epitope of the O-antigen polysaccharide in Salmonella. It has a role as an epitope. 
it is a pyrazolinone derivative with potential antimetastatic activities. it, originally developed as an antithrombotic agent, inhibits the key prostaglandin catabolic enzyme, 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase, which prolongs the biological half-life of prostacyclin (prostaglandin I2; PGI2) and prevents intravascular coagulation. This agent also serves as a reducing cofactor with the hydroperoxidase moiety of cyclooxygenase and accelerates the conversion of arachidonic acid into precursors of PGI2. An elevated level of PGI2 prevents aggregation of platelets; subsequently it decreases the formation of tumor cell-platelet aggregates as well as their sequestration in blood vessels, which is an important initiating step in the development of metastasis. 
it is a succinic acid derivative having an imino group at the 2-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a ketimine, a C4-dicarboxylic acid and an aspartic acid derivative. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an iminoaspartate and an iminoaspartate(1-). 
it is the cypionate salt form of estradiol, the most potent, naturally produced estrogen. it diffuses through the cell membrane and binds to and subsequently activates the nuclear estrogen receptor found in the reproductive tract, breast, pituitary, hypothalamus, liver, and bone. The activated complex binds to the estrogen response element on the DNA and activates the transcription of genes involved in the functioning of the female reproductive system and secondary sex characteristics. 
Abietinol, also known as abietyl alcohol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. Abietinol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, abietinol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a clear to milky white-colored solution with a mild, disagreeable odor. Contact may cause slight irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be mildly toxic by ingestion. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. As a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. Used to make other chemicals. it is a member of the class of its that is azepane substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. 
it is a fluoroalkanoic acid that is perfluorinated octanoic acid. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a carcinogenic agent, a surfactant and an endocrine disruptor. It derives from a perfluorooctane and an octanoic acid. 
it is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid that is pipecolic acid with a hydroxy substituent at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a pipecolic acid. 
it is a C-nucleoside analog that is (2R,3R,4S,5R)-3,4-dihydroxy-5-(hydroxymethyl)tetrahydrofuran-2-carbonitrile substituted by a 4-aminopyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazin-7-yl group at position 2. It is the active metabolite of remdesivir and exhibits a broad range of inhibitory activity against various RNA viruses including HCV, parainfluenza and SARS-CoV. It has a role as a drug metabolite, an antiviral agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a pyrrolotriazine, a nitrile, a C-nucleoside and an aromatic amine. 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil with methyl group substituents at positions 1 and 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a yellow-orange crystalline solid. Denser than water and not soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Melting point 48.5-49Â°C. Used as a selective pre-emergence herbicide. it is a substituted aniline that is N,N-dipropylaniline substituted by a nitro groups at positions 2 and 6 and a trifluoromethyl group at position 4. It is an agrochemical used as a pre-emergence herbicide. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a C-nitro compound, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a substituted aniline. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is methane in which two of the hydrogens have been substituted by hydroxy groups. It is a member of its, an aldehyde hydrate and a one-carbon compound. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-methylanthranilic acid with methanol. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a plant metabolite and an animal metabolite. It is a benzoate ester, a methyl ester, a secondary amino compound and a substituted aniline. It derives from a N-methylanthranilic acid. 
it is a beta-amino acid that is pentanoic acid substituted at positions 3 and 4 by amino and methyl groups respectively. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an alkenyl alcohol with a structure based on a C8 unbranched chain with the hydroxy group at C-2 and unsaturation at C-1-C-2. It has a role as an insect attractant, a volatile oil component and a fungal metabolite. It is an alkenyl alcohol and a fatty alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an oct-1-ene. 
it is a 1,5-dicarboxylic acid compound having a 3-amino substituent. It has been isolated from the extracts of the algae, Chondria armata. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isoglutamate(1-). 
it is a dimeric sesquiterpene lactone that is produced by the plant Artemisia absinthium (Wormwood). The bitter tasting constituent of Absinthe. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a sesquiterpene lactone, a triterpenoid and an organic heteroheptacyclic compound. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of encainide. A class Ic antiarrhythmic, it was used for the treatment of severe or life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias, but it was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack and was withdrawn from the market. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It contains an encainide. 
it is a pale yellow oily liquid with a spice-clove odor. Freezes at 14Â°F. Density 1.08 g / cm3. Occurs in ylang-ylang oil and other essential oils. it is a phenylpropanoid that is an isomer of eugenol in which the allyl substituent is replaced by a prop-1-enyl group. It has a role as an allergen and a sensitiser. It derives from a guaiacol. 
Starch, Corn is a starch derived from corn grain and used as food or food ingredient, with potential anti-hypoglycemic activity. Upon ingestion, corn starch is broken down and releases glucose in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. Glucose is taken up in the bloodstream and maintains as well as stabilizes glucose levels. This may prevent or improve hypoglycemia in patients with glycogen storage disease or insulinomas. 
A group of substances similar to VITAMIN K 1 which contains a ring of 2-methyl-1,4-naphthoquinione and an isoprenoid side chain of varying number of isoprene units. In vitamin K 2, each isoprene unit contains a double bond. They are produced by bacteria including the normal intestinal flora. 
Sulindac is a commonly used nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug (NSAID) that is available by prescription only and used predominantly to treat chronic arthritis. Sulindac is a rare, but well established cause of idiosyncratic, clinically apparent drug induced liver disease. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-serine and L-histidine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-serine and a L-histidine. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 3-hydroxylauric acid. An intermediate in fatty acid biosynthesis. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a (3R)-3-hydroxy fatty acid and a 3-hydroxylauric acid. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-3-hydroxylauric acid. 
it is the smallest member of the class of carboxamidines being formic acid with the O and OH groups from the carboxy function replaced by NH and NH2 groups respectively. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a carboxamidine, a member of its and a one-carbon compound. It derives from a formic acid. 
it appears as bright bluish-pink crystals or reddish purple powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a rhodamine 6G(1+), an organic chloride salt and a xanthene dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
A synthetic prostaglandin E analog that protects the gastric mucosa, prevents ulceration, and promotes healing of peptic ulcers. The protective effect is independent of acid inhibition. It is also a potent inhibitor of pancreatic function and can inhibit the growth of experimental tumors. 
it is a disaccharide derivative that is (S)-naringenin substituted by a 2-O-(alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a disaccharide derivative, a dihydroxyflavanone, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones, a (2S)-flavan-4-one and a neohesperidoside. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. 
it is a member of indoles, a member of maleimides and a member of pyrroles. It has a role as a metabolite. 
UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine is a UDP-amino sugar having N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine as the amino sugar component. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an UDP-D-glucosamine. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine(2-). 
it is a glycosyl glycoside derivative that consists of alpha,alpha-trehalose substituted at positions 6 and 6' by O-2,4-dihydroxy-6-methylbenzoyl groups. It is isolated from the culture broth of actinomycete, Nonomuraea, and has antitumor activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a member of resorcinols, a glycosyl glycoside derivative and a benzoate ester. It derives from an o-orsellinic acid and an alpha,alpha-trehalose. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides resulting from the formal condensation of 4-amino-5-chloro-2-methoxybenzoic acid with the primary amino group of N,N-diethylethane-1,2-diamine. It has a role as an antiemetic, a dopaminergic antagonist, a gastrointestinal drug, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a tertiary amino compound, a substituted aniline, a member of benzamides and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a substituted benzamide and a derivative of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) that is structurally related to procainamide, with gastroprokinetic and antiemetic effects. it exerts its prokinetic effect by antagonizing dopamine mediated relaxation effect on gastrointestinal smooth muscle. This enhances the response of the gastrointestinal smooth muscle to cholinergic stimulation, thereby leading to an increase of gastric emptying into the intestines. it may also strengthen the lower esophagus sphincter, thereby preventing acid reflux. This agent antagonizes D2 dopamine receptors in chemoreceptive trigger zone (CTZ) of the medulla, thereby preventing nausea and vomiting. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of amantadine, a synthetic tricyclic amine with antiviral, antiparkinsonian, and antihyperalgesic activities. Amantadine appears to exert its antiviral effect against the influenza A virus by interfering with the function of the transmembrane domain of the viral M2 protein, thereby preventing the release of infectious viral nucleic acids into host cells; furthermore, this agent prevents virus assembly during virus replication. Amantadine exerts its antiparkinsonian effects by stimulating the release of dopamine from striatal dopaminergic nerve terminals and inhibiting its pre-synaptic reuptake. This agent may also exert some anticholinergic effect through inhibition of N-methyl-D-aspartic acid (NMDA) receptor-mediated stimulation of acetylcholine, resulting in antihyperalgesia. 
it is a long-acting glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist, with antihyperglycemic activity. it is composed of a GLP-1 (7-36) dimer fused to recombinant human albumin. Upon subcutaneous administration, this agent has a half-life of 4-7 days and resists degradation by dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4). 
it is the pamoate salt of triptorelin, a synthetic decapeptide agonist analog of luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH). Possessing greater potency than endogenous LHRH, triptorelin reversibly represses gonadotropin secretion after prolonged administration. After chronic, continuous administration, a sustained decrease in LH, FSH and testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis is observed. The serum testosterone concentration may fall to levels typically seen in surgically castrated men. (NCI04) 
it is a spiro-epoxide with potent cytotoxic activity against human tumour cells. It is isolated from Pseudomonas sp. no.2663. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic hemiketal, a member of pyrans, a secondary alcohol, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a spiro-epoxide. 
1-(2,4-dichloro-10,11-dihydrodibenzo[a,d][7]annulen-5-yl)imidazole is a member of the class of dibenzannulenes that is 10,11-dihydrodibenzo[a,d][7]annulene carrying two chloro substituents at positions 2 and 4 as well as an imidazol-1-yl substituent at position 5. It is a member of imidazoles, an organochlorine compound and a dibenzannulene. It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. 
it is a peripheral and central respiratory stimulant with a brief duration of action. it stimulates respiration by an action on chemoreceptors in the carotid arteries and, at increased dosage, stimulates central respiratory centers in the medulla as well as other parts of the brain and spinal cord. This results in an increased tidal volume and a slightly increased respiratory rate. it may also improve cardiac output probably due to an increased release of catecholamines. This respiratory stimulant is used in postanesthesia respiratory depression. 
it is a juvenile hormone that is methyl farnesoate in which the 6,7 and 10,11-double bonds have been epoxidised. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a juvenile hormone, an epoxide and a fatty acid methyl ester. It derives from a methyl farnesoate. 
it is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid obtained by selective hydrogenation of the 13,14-position of sanguinarine. It has a role as a metabolite and an antifungal agent. It derives from a hydride of a sanguinarine. 
it is a hydrate that is the heptahydrate form of zinc sulfate. It is a hydrate and a metal sulfate. It contains a zinc sulfate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleosides. Pyrimidine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleosides are compounds consisting of a pyrimidine linked to a ribose which lacks a hydroxyl group at positions 2 and 3. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as 2-vinyl-5-methylpyrazine or pyrazine, 2-vinyl, 5-methyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a coffee tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as nuts, green vegetables, cereals and cereal products, and potato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of 2-hydroxypropyl dihydrogen phosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxypropyl dihydrogen phosphate. 
it appears as a white-colored crystalline solid. Denser than water and soluble in water. Toxic by ingestion and may severely irritate skin and eyes. May polymerize violently if exposed to temperatures above 266Â°F. Used to make other chemicals. it is a dinitrile that is methane substituted by two cyano groups. It is a dinitrile and an aliphatic nitrile. 
it is an iron(III) atom complexed with 3 maltol molecules to increase the bioavailability compared to iron(II), without depositing it in the duodenum as insoluble ferric hydroxide and phosphate. it has been described in literature since at least the late 1980s as a potential treatment for iron deficiency.  it was granted FDA Approval on 25 July 2019. 
Methyl alpha-L-rhamnosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-galactoside is a methyl glycoside that consists of methyl beta-D-galactoside having an alpha-L-rhamnosyl residue at the 2-position. A core disaccharide from the Streptococcus pneumoniae type 23F capsular polysaccharide antigen. It is a disaccharide derivative, a beta-D-galactoside and a methyl glycoside. 
it is an optically active form of 2-hydroxybutyric acid having (S)-configuration. It is a 2-hydroxybutyric acid and a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-2-hydroxybutyrate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-2-hydroxybutyric acid. 
Alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-D-GalpA is a digalacturonic acid in which an alpha-D-galactopyranuronic acid unit is joined to a D-galactopyranuronic acid unit via an alpha-(1->4)-linkage. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-galacturonosyl-(1->4)-D-galacturonate(2-). 
it is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboy group of 4-methoxybenzoic acid with methanol. It is a benzoate ester and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a 4-methoxybenzoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tyrosine and derivatives. Tyrosine and derivatives are compounds containing tyrosine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of tyrosine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a colorless to pale yellow liquid that has fumes with a strong odor. If it comes in contact with water, it rapidly forms hydrochloric acid, as well as titanium compounds. it is not found naturally in the environment and is made from minerals that contain titanium. It is used to make titanium metal and other titanium-containing compounds, such as titanium dioxide, which is used as a white pigment in paints and other products and to produce other chemicals. 
2, 5-Bis(hydroxymethyl)oxolane-2, 3, 4-triol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as c-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a C-glycosidic bond. 2, 5-Bis(hydroxymethyl)oxolane-2, 3, 4-triol is very soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a peptide zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino terminus of Gly-Phe. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a Gly-Phe. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. May be moderately toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Severely irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. 
it, also known as (2-(1-butoxyethoxy)ethyl)-benzene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, acetaldehyde butyl phenethyl acetal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a green, leafy, and vegetable taste. 
it is a phosphopantetheine anion. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
Phosphonothioic acid, methyl-, s-(2-(bis(1-methylethyl)amino)ethyl) o-ethyl ester is an odorless liquid, with an amber color. Used as a quick-acting military chemical nerve agent. it nerve agent is a organic thiophosphate that is the ethyl ester of S-{2-[di(propan-2-yl)amino]ethyl} O hydrogen methylphosphonothioate. A toxic nerve agent used in chemical warfare. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and a neurotoxin. It is an organic thiophosphate and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is the chloride salt form of rubidium-82, a positron emitting isotope used as an imaging tool. Rubidium chloride Rb-82 accumulates in myocardial cells and other tissues, and can be evaluated as a function of blood flow. By scintigraphic means, areas with decreased blood flow can be visualized due to decreased uptake of Rb-82. 
it, used as it citrate, is a neurokinin receptor antagonist, which was developed by Zoetis specifically for the treatment of motion sickness and vomiting in dogs. It was approved by the FDA in 2007 for use in dogs, and more recently has also been approved for use in cats. 
it is a yellow to reddish-yellow transparent liquid. Used as an insecticide against rice stem borers and house flies. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is an organothiophosphate insecticide and an organic thiophosphate. It has a role as an agrochemical and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It derives from a 4-cyanophenol. 
it is imidazole substituted at position 4 by a methyl group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a reaction intermediate. 
(2S)-2-[[(2R)-2-[(1S)-1-hydroxy-2-(hydroxyamino)-2-oxoethyl]-4-methyl-1-oxopentyl]amino]-2-phenylacetic acid cyclopentyl ester is a secondary carboxamide, a hydroxamic acid and a carboxylic ester. it is a proprietary orally bioavailable inhibitor of the M1 family of aminopeptidases with potential antineoplastic activity. Aminopeptidase inhibitor it is converted intracellularly into a poorly membrane-permeable active metabolite (CHR-79888) which inhibits the M1 family of aminopeptidases, particularly puromycin-sensitive aminopeptidase (PuSA), and leukotriene A4 (LTA4) hydrolase; inhibition of these aminopeptidases in tumor cells may result in amino acid deprivation, inhibition of protein synthesis due to a decrease in the intracellular free amino acid pool, an increase in the level of the proapoptotic protein Noxa, and cell death. Noxa is a member of the BH3 (Bcl-2 homology 3)-only subgroup of the proapoptotic Bcl-2 (B-cell CLL/lymphoma 2) protein family. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is an onion and sulfurous tasting compound that can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid substituted by an acetoxy group at position 4. It is a member of benzoic acids and a member of phenyl acetates. 
Benztropine Mesylate is a synthetic antiparkinson tertiary amine structurally related to atropine, Benztropine Mesylate acts as a central muscarinic antagonist and inhibits dopamine uptake. With antihistaminic and local anesthetic properties as well, it is indicated for symptomatic relief of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions. (NCI04) 
it is an N-acyl-L-alanine resulting from the formal condensation of carboxy group of isovaleric acid with the amino group of L-alanine. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It derives from an isovaleric acid. 
(1E)-1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol is a member of the class of triazoles that is 4,4-dimethyl-2-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol substituted at position 1 by a 2,4-dichlorophenyl group. It is a dichlorobenzene, an olefinic compound, a secondary alcohol and a member of triazoles. 
it is an o-quinone resulting from the formal oxidation of both of the hydroxy groups of benzo[a]pyrene-cis-7,8-dihydrodiol. it is a metabolite of the widespread carcinogen benzo[a]pyrene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a genotoxin. It is a member of pyrenes and a member of orthoquinones. It derives from a benzo[a]pyrene-cis-7,8-dihydrodiol. It derives from a hydride of a benzo[a]pyrene. 
it appears as colorless liquid, dyed red, orange or blue. Has a slight musty odor. Used as an antiknock additive for gasolines; component of mixed alkyl leads for gasoline additives. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a second-generation antisense oligonucleotide targeting heat shock protein 27 (Hsp27) with potential antitumor and chemosensitizing activities. it suppresses tumor cell expression of Hsp27, which may induce tumor cell apoptosis and enhance tumor cell sensitivity to cytotoxic agents. Hsp27, a chaperone belonging to the small heat shock protein (sHsp) group of proteins, is a cytoprotective protein that supports cell survival under conditions of stress; it has been found to be over-expressed in a variety of human cancers. 
A water-soluble aminoglycosidic antibiotic complex isolated from fermentation filtrates of Bacillus circulans. Two components (A and B) have been separated from the complex. Both are active against many gram-positive and some gram-negative bacteria. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of arachidic (icosanoic) acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. It derives from an icosanoic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of cyclohexanecarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate base of a cyclohexanecarboxylic acid. 
Powder or liquid forms available as drugs. Used in obstetrics and in the treatment of migraine headaches. (EPA, 1998) it is the tartrate salt form of ergotamine, an ergot alkaloid and adrenergic alpha agonist with vasoconstrictor activity. it selectively binds to alpha-adrenergic receptors thereby stimulating vascular smooth muscle and causing vasoconstriction in both arteries and veins. it also blocks serotonin 5-HT1D receptors, thereby also causing vasoconstriction in cerebral blood vessels. Constriction of cerebral blood vessels caused by this agent may reduce the blood flow and pressure in cerebral arteries and may relieve the pain of vascular headaches. 
it is a silyl ester obtained by replacing the hydrogen of the carboxy group of nonanoic acid by a trimethylsilyl group. It derives from a nonanoic acid. 
it is an optically active form of it having (12S,13R)-configuration. It is a it and an oxylipin. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
it, also known as 2-benzylidenemalononitrile or (phenylmethylene)-propanedinitrile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-isothiocyanato-4-methylpentane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1-isothiocyanato-4-methylpentane can be found in root vegetables. This makes 1-isothiocyanato-4-methylpentane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-en-1-yl)acetonitrile is a nitrile that is acetonitrile in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a 2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-en-1-yl group. A powerful fragrance compound with pine, rosemary and hay-like tonalities. It has a role as a fragrance. It is a nitrile and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a cyclopentene. 
it is a white powder. pH of 0.5% aqueous solution: 5.8-6.1. (NTP, 1992) it is a sulfonamide in which the sulfamoyl functional group is attached to aniline at the 4-position. It has a role as an EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor, an antibacterial agent and a drug allergen. It is a substituted aniline, a sulfonamide antibiotic and a sulfonamide. it is an organic sulfur compound structurally similar to p-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with antibacterial property. it competes with PABA for the bacterial enzyme dihydropteroate synthase, thereby preventing the incorporation of PABA into dihydrofolic acid, the immediate precursor of folic acid. This leads to an inhibition of bacterial folic acid synthesis and de novo synthesis of purines and pyrimidines, ultimately resulting in cell growth arrest and cell death. 
it (VX-385) an orally active aspartic protease inhibitor (PI), under investigation by Vertex and GlaxoSmithKline for the treatment of HIV. In July 2006, Vertex indicated that it expected GSK to initiate phase III trials of the drug in 2007. In December of 2006 GSK announced a decision to discontinue the development of it for the treatment of HIV. The decision was based on issues regarding the formulation of the drug. it is a tyrosyl-based arylsulfonamide inhibitor of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease. 
it is a carboxamidine resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of 4-chloro-2-(trifluoromethyl)aniline with the oxygen of the acetyl group of N-(propoxyacetyl)imidazole. A sterol demethylation inhibitor, it is used as a fungicide for the control of powdery mildew, scab and other diseases on a variety of crops. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of imidazoles, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a carboxamidine, an ether, a conazole fungicide and an imidazole fungicide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monothioketals. Monothioketals are compounds containing a monothioketal functional group with the general structure R2C(OR')(SR') with (R = any atom but H). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, dihydro-2-methoxy-2-methyl-3(2H)-thiophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a cyclopropenone compound having phenyl substituents at the 2- and 3-positions. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, a hapten and a drug allergen. it is a synthetic, potent allergic contact sensitizer with potential immunostimulatory activity. After sensitization process by repeated topical application of diphencyprone to a specific area, further application of this agent to the affected area may stimulate an immune response and may potentially be useful to clear the affected area from infection or cancer. 
it is a positively charged methylguanosine in which a single methyl substituent is located at position 7. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a methylguanosine and an organic cation. 
Ethyl 3-[(2-furanylmethyl)thio]propanoate, also known as it or fema 3674, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. Ethyl 3-[(2-furanylmethyl)thio]propanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ethyl 3-[(2-furanylmethyl)thio]propanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Ethyl 3-[(2-furanylmethyl)thio]propanoate has an animal, coffee, and garlic taste. 
it, also known as fema 2150, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, apple, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in muskmelon. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a ketoaldonic acid, a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a pentonic acid. It derives from a L-arabinonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-L-arabinonate. It is an enantiomer of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-arabinonic acid. 
it is a propanolamine that is 3-aminopropane-1,2-diol in which the hydrogen of the primary hydoxy is substituted by a 4-[2-(cyclopropylmethoxy)ethyl]phenyl group and one of the hydrogens attached to the amino group is substituted by isopropyl. It is a selective beta1-receptor blocker and is used in the treatment of glaucoma as well as hypertension, arrhythmias, and coronary heart disease. It is also used to reduce non-fatal cardiac events in patients with heart failure. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent and a sympatholytic agent. it is a racemic mixture and selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive and anti-glaucoma activities and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. it selectively and competitively binds to and blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. When applied topically in the eye, this agent reduces aqueous humor secretion and lowers the intraocular pressure (IOP). In addition, it prevents the release of renin, a hormone secreted by the kidneys that causes constriction of blood vessels. 
A PEPTIDE of 22 amino acids, derived mainly from cells of VASCULAR ENDOTHELIUM. It is also found in the BRAIN, major endocrine glands, and other tissues. It shares structural homology with ATRIAL NATRIURETIC FACTOR. It has vasorelaxant activity thus is important in the regulation of vascular tone and blood flow. Several high molecular weight forms containing the 22 amino acids have been identified. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the naphthalenes. These are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. The proteins that it targets include cyclin-A2 and cyclin-dependent kinase 2. 
All-purpose surfactant, wetting agent, and solubilizer used in the drug, cosmetics, and food industries. It has also been used in laxatives and as cerumenolytics. It is usually administered as either the calcium, potassium, or sodium salt. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
Methyl 5-aminolevulinate hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of methyl 5-aminolevulinate. A prodrug, it is metabolised to protoporphyrin IX, a photosensitizer, and is used in the photodynamic treatment of non-melanoma skin cancer (including basal cell carcinoma). Topical application results in an accumulation of protoporphyrin IX in the skin lesions to which the cream has been applied. Subsequent illumination with red light results in the generation of toxic singlet oxygen that destroys cell membranes and thereby kills the tumour cells. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a photosensitizing agent, a prodrug and a dermatologic drug. It contains a methyl 5-aminolevulinate. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid in which the hydroxy groups are located at positions 3 and 4. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.1.1.25 (shikimate dehydrogenase) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.11.2 (procollagen-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor. It is a member of catechols and a dihydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dihydroxybenzoate. 
it is a tetrachlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which both phenyl groups are substituted by chlorines at positions 3 and 5. It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl and a dichlorobenzene. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals and as a solvent. 
it is a penicilloate anion that is the conjugate base of benzylpenicilloic acid arising from zwitterion formation and deprotonation of the remaining carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a benzylpenicilloic acid. 
Vitamin B refers to several water soluble vitamins often found together in foods, all of which are necessary for normal growth and metabolism, but none of which are synthesized in adequate amounts by humans. The common forms of vitamin B include vitamin B1 (thiamine), B2 (riboflavin), B3 (niacin), B6 (pyridoxine) and B12 (cyanocobalamin). Except for niacin (when given in high doses), there is no evidence that the other B vitamins, in physiologic or even super-physiologic, high doses, cause liver injury or jaundice. The major forms of vitamin B and selected other water soluble vitamins (biotin, pantothenic acid, choline) are discussed briefly in this record. 
it is a complex organic heterotetracyclic compound that is a hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor used in combination with grazoprevir (under the brand name Zepatier) for treatment of chronic HCV genotypes 1 or 4 infection in adults. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a hepatoprotective agent and a hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor. It is a L-valine derivative, a member of imidazoles, a carbamate ester, a N-acylpyrrolidine, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a ring assembly. 
it is an azirine-based thiotepa derivative with alkylating activity. it is able to alkylate and crosslink DNA, causing DNA damages and eventually an inhibition of cellular proliferation. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the sodium salt of mycophenolic acid. An immunosuppressant, it is widely used to prevent tissue rejection following organ transplants and for the treatment of certain autoimmune diseases. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.205 (IMP dehydrogenase) inhibitor and an immunosuppressive agent. It contains a mycophenolate. it is the sodium salt form of mycophenolic acid (MPA), with immunosuppressing activity. In vivo, the active molecule MPA reversibly inhibits inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) which is needed for guanine monophosphate synthesis and stops the proliferation of B and T lymphocytes. Relative to other cell types, lypmocytes are highly dependent on salvage and de novo synthesis of guanine nucleotides, thus making these cells prone to MPA cytotoxicity. 
it is the sulfate salt form of polymyxin B, a mixture of the polypeptides polymyxins B1 and B2, both obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains, with antimicrobial activity. Polymyxin B exerts its antimicrobial effect through its cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Specifically, this antibiotic binds to the negatively charged site in the lipopolysaccharide layer of the bacterial cell membrane via electrostatic affinity with the positively charged amino groups in the cyclic peptide portion. Subsequently, the fatty acid portion of polymyxin B dissolves in the hydrophobic region of the bacterial cell membrane. This results in an alteration in cell membrane structure, disruption of cell wall integrity and an increase in permeability for water and molecules. This will eventually lead to bacterial cell death. 
it is the conjugate base of 4-oxobutanoic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and an aldehydic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a succinic semialdehyde. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of imipramine, a synthetic tricyclic derivative, antidepressant Imipramine enhances monoamine neurotransmission in certain areas of the brain. It also induces sedation through histamine 1 receptor blockage; hypotension through beta-adrenergic blockage; and diverse parasympatholytic effects. Imipramine has less sedative effect than other members of its therapeutic family. It is used in major depression, dysthymia, bipolar depression, attention-deficit disorders, agoraphobia, and panic disorders. (NCI04) 
it appears as pale yellow crystals or light yellow moist powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of N-nitrosoureas that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by methyl and nitroso groups. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a mutagen, a teratogenic agent and an alkylating agent. 
2-(4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl)nicotinic acid is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid that is nicotinic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a 4,5-dihydro-imidazol-2-yl group, which in turn is substituted at positions 4, 4, and 5 by isopropyl, ethyl, and oxo groups, respectively. It is a member of pyridines, a member of imidazolines, an imidazolone and a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid. 
enol-3-Ethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione, also known as it or 2-cyclopenten-1-one, 2-hydroxy-3-ethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. enol-3-Ethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, enol-3-ethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. enol-3-Ethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione has a sweet, butterscotch, and caramel taste. 
it is a primary amino compound obtained by formal decarboxylation of the amino acid tyrosine. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is a monoamine molecular messenger, a primary amino compound and a member of its. It is a conjugate base of a tyraminium. 
Glycerophosphocholine, also known as choline alfoscerate or GPC, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glycerophosphocholines. These are lipids containing a glycerol moiety carrying a phosphocholine at the 3-position. Glycerophosphocholine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Glycerophosphocholine has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in most biofluids, including semen, cerebrospinal fluid, saliva, and feces. Within the cell, glycerophosphocholine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Glycerophosphocholine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Glycerophosphocholine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Glycerophosphocholine can be biosynthesized from 11-cis-retinol and PC(24:1(15Z)/15:0); which is mediated by the enzyme lecithin retinol acyltransferase. In addition, Retinyl ester and glycerophosphocholine can be biosynthesized from vitamin a and PC(24:1(15Z)/15:0); which is mediated by the enzyme lecithin retinol acyltransferase. In humans, glycerophosphocholine is involved in the retinol metabolism pathway. Glycerophosphocholine is also involved in the metabolic disorder called vitamin a deficiency. 
it is a nitrite ester having isopentyl as the alkyl group. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an antihypertensive agent. It derives from an isoamylol. 
it is an organofluorine compound. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic. It derives from a methoxyethane. it is a fluorinated ether with general anesthetic and muscle relaxant activities. Although the exact mechanism of action has not been established, it, administered by inhalation, appears to act on the lipid matrix of the neuronal membrane, resulting in disruption of neuronal transmission in the brain. This agent may also enhance the synaptic activity of the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). 
it is an organosulfate oxoanion. It has a role as a xenobiotic. It is a conjugate base of a dodecyl hydrogen sulfate. 
it appears as odorless tetragonal crystals or white powder. Toxic by inhalation (dust, and the hydrogen cyanide from decomposition) and by ingestion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires. 
it is a bis(azo) compound that is 2-naphthol substituted at position 1 by a 4-{[(2-methylphenyl)diazenyl]phenyl}diazenyl group. A fat-soluble dye predominantly used for demonstrating triglycerides in frozen sections, but which may also stain some protein bound lipids in paraffin sections. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye and a carcinogenic agent. It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound and a member of naphthols. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzimidazoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to an imidazole ring (five member ring containing a nitrogen atom, 4 carbon atoms, and two double bonds). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in eggs. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. Thus, is considered to be a fatty acid lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is an aryl sulfide that is thioanisole in which the hydrogen at the para position has been replaced by a methyl group. It is an aryl sulfide and a member of toluenes. 
it is an oxooctadecadienoic acid that consists of 9Z,11E-octadecadienoic acid bearing an additional 13-keto substituent. In addtion it has been found as a natural product found in Carthamus oxyacantha. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 13-HODE. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Coenzyme A is a coenzyme containing pantothenic acid, adenosine 3-phosphate 5-pyrophosphate, and cysteamine; involved in the transfer of acyl groups, notably in transacetylations. 
D-Mannose 1, 6-bisphosphate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hexose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a hexose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. D-Mannose 1, 6-bisphosphate is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Ethyl chlorothioformate appears as an amber-colored liquid with a pungent penetrating odor. Flash point 125Â°F. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Denser than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it, also known as fema 3518, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a creamy, earthy, and mushroom taste. 
A metabolite of 17-ALPHA-HYDROXYPROGESTERONE, normally produced in small quantities by the GONADS and the ADRENAL GLANDS, found in URINE. An elevated urinary it is associated with CONGENITAL ADRENAL HYPERPLASIA with a deficiency of STEROID 21-HYDROXYLASE. 
6-Hydroxy-2-(phenylmethylidene)-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aurone flavonoids. These are flavonoids containing a 2-Benzylidene-1-benzofuran-3-one based core. Aurone flavonoids provide the bright yellow color of some important ornamental flowers, such as snapdragon (Antirrhinum majus). 6-Hydroxy-2-(phenylmethylidene)-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl 2-ethyl-3-phenylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a floral and green taste. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of tridecanoic acid. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion and a fatty acid anion 13:0. It is a conjugate base of a tridecanoic acid. 
Phenylpropanolamine hydrochloride is an odorless white to creamy-white crystalline powder. Bitter taste. pH (3% solution):4.5-6. pH (10% solution) 4.2-5.5. (NTP, 1992) Phenylpropanolamine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of phenylpropanolamine, an alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with sympathomimetic activity. Phenylpropanolamine binds to and activates alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract resulting in vasoconstriction and reduction in swelling of nasal mucous membranes and reduction in tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion. This agent also stimulates the release of norepinephrine from its storage sites resulting in the effects already described. Finally, phenylpropanolamine indirectly stimulates beta-receptors producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect. 
A chimeric monoclonal antibody that functions as an ANTINEOPLASTIC AGENT through its binding to the EPIDERMAL GROWTH FACTOR RECEPTOR, where it prevents the binding and signaling action of cell growth and survival factors. 
Cefteram is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefteram binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid or white powder, or the solid dissolved in a liquid. It is soluble in water. It is noncombustible. It is corrosive to aluminum. It is used as an insecticide. It is also used to fluorinate water supplies, as a wood preservative, in cleaning compounds, manufacture of glass, and for many other uses. it is a metal fluoride salt with a Na(+) counterion. It has a role as a mutagen. it is an inorganic salt of fluoride used topically or in municipal water fluoridation systems to prevent dental caries. Fluoride appears to bind to calcium ions in the hydroxyapatite of surface tooth enamel, preventing corrosion of tooth enamel by acids. This agent may also inhibit acid production by commensal oral bacteria. (NCI04) 
Quinine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of the quinidine alkaloid isolate quinine. Quinine has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
HC toxin is a homodetic cyclic tetrapeptide made up from L-alanyl, D-alanyl, L-prolyl and 2-amino-8-oxo-9,10-epoxydecanoyl residues. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, a metabolite, a phytotoxin and an antineoplastic agent. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide and a tetrapeptide. 
1-(2-Hydroxy-4, 6-dimethoxyphenyl)-3-phenylprop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxychalcones. These are organic compounds containing chalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. 1-(2-Hydroxy-4, 6-dimethoxyphenyl)-3-phenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as 1, 3-dioxolane, 2-butyl-4-methyl, cis or 1, 3-dioxolane, 4-methyl-2-butyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, valeraldehyde propyleneglycol acetal is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fatty and nutty taste. 
A multi-function neuropeptide that acts throughout the body by elevating intracellular cyclic AMP level via its interaction with PACAP RECEPTORS. Although first isolated from hypothalamic extracts and named for its action on the pituitary, it is widely distributed in the central and peripheral nervous systems. PACAP is important in the control of endocrine and homeostatic processes, such as secretion of pituitary and gut hormones and food intake. 
it is a pyridinecarboxamide that is nicotinamide substituted by a methyl group at C-2. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a nicotinamide. 
it is a member of the class of benzoxaboroles that is 2,1-benzoxaborole in which the hydrogen attached to the boron atom is replaced by a hydroxy group. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes in which the hydrogen at position 3 of benzaldehyde has been replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it appears as white or creamy-white odorless crystalline powder with very bitter taste. pH (5% aqueous solution) 4.0-5.5. pH (10% aqueous solution) 4-5. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of chlorpromazine, a phenothiazine and traditional antipsychotic agent with anti-emetic activity. it exerts its antipsychotic effect by blocking postsynaptic dopamine receptors in cortical and limbic areas of the brain, thereby preventing the excess of dopamine in the brain. This leads to a reduction in psychotic symptoms, such as hallucinations and delusions. it appears to exert its anti-emetic activity by blocking the dopamine receptors in the chemical trigger zone (CTZ) in the brain, thereby relieving nausea and vomiting. 
it is the hydroxypolyether that is octaethylene glycol in which one of the hydroxy groups is substituted by dodecyloxy. It derives from an octaethylene glycol. 
Procaine benzylpenicillin (INN), also known as procaine G penicillin, is an injectable antiobiotic. It is a poorly soluble salt form of penicillin which is a combination of naturally occuring benzylpenicillin (penicillin G) and the local anaesthetic agent procaine in equimolar amounts. Procaine benzylpenicillin is administered by deep intramuscular injection. It is slowly absorbed and hydrolyzed to benzylpenicillin. This drug is used where prolonged exposure to benzylpenicillin at a low concentration is required. This combination is aimed at reducing the pain and discomfort associated with a large intramuscular injection of penicillin. It is widely used in veterinary settings. Benzylpenicillin is active against a wide range of organisms and is the drug of first choice for many infections. 
it is the sodium salt form of ceftizoxime and a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inactivating penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of the cell wall. Lack of cross-linking results in a reduction of cell wall stability and leads to cell lysis. 
it is a potent, second-generation sulfonylurea with antihyperglycemic activity. Like other second-generation compounds, it exerts greater binding affinity to SUR1 and increased potency compared to first-generation compounds. In addition, this agent exerts peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) gamma agonistic activity. 
it is the pteridine that is lumazine substituted with methyl groups at C-6 and -7 and with a 1-D-ribityl group on N-8. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a cofactor. It derives from a lumazine and a ribitol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a quinolone that is quinoline-5,8-dione in which the hydrogen at position 6 is replaced by an anilino group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 4.6.1.2 (guanylate cyclase) inhibitor. It is a quinolone, an aminoquinoline, an aromatic amine and a member of p-quinones. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide of it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a maleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a maleamate. 
1-D-it is a conduritol epoxide resulting from the formal epoxidation of the double bond of (+)-conduritol B. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.48 (sucrose alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and an EC 3.2.1.10 (oligo-1,6-glucosidase) inhibitor. It derives from a (+)-conduritol B. It is an enantiomer of a 1-L-it. 
(-)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other (-)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (-)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm (-)-it is a sweet, balsamic, and citrus tasting compound that can be found in carrot, rosemary, and wild carrot. This makes (-)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolidines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member saturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms (Â±)-it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). 
N(4)-it is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide substituted by an acetylamino group at position 4 and a 1,3-thiazol-2-yl group at the nitrogen atom. It is a metabolite of sulfathiazole. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a sulfonamide, a member of acetamides and a member of 1,3-thiazoles. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid substituted at C-2 by an amine group and at C-3 by a hydroxy group. It is an intermediate in the metabolism of the amino acid tryptophan. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxyanthranilate. It is a tautomer of a 2,3-dihydro-3-oxoanthranilic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of apomorphine, a derivative of morphine and non-ergoline dopamine agonist with high selectivity for dopamine D2, D3, D4 and D5 receptors. it acts by stimulating dopamine receptors in the nigrostriatal system, hypothalamus, limbic system, pituitary gland, and blood vessels. This enhances motor function, suppresses prolactin release, and causes vasodilation and behavioral effects. it is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and erectile dysfunction. In addition, it acts on the chemoreceptor trigger zone and is used as a central emetic in the treatment of drug overdose. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-tyrosine with the amino group of L-proline. It derives from a L-tyrosine and a L-proline. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 3-sulfolactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-3-sulfolactate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-3-sulfolactic acid. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is the acetal obtained by formal condensation of citral with methanol. It is an acetal, an olefinic compound and a monoterpenoid. It derives from a citral. 
it is a phenol having the structure of m-cresol substituted at the 6-position with an amyl group. It has a role as an antiseptic drug. It derives from a m-cresol. 
Polymyxin b sulfate, also known as sulfate, polymyxin b or aerosporin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as polypeptides. These are peptides containing ten or more amino acid residues. Polymyxin b sulfate is a drug which is used for treatment of infections of the urinary tract, meninges, and blood stream, caused by susceptible strains of pseudomonas aeruginosa. Polymyxin b sulfate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Polymyxin b sulfate has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Polymyxin b sulfate is a potentially toxic compound. Polymyxin B is a mixture of the polypeptides polymyxins B1 and B2, both obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains, with antimicrobial activity. Polymyxin B exerts its antimicrobial effect through its cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Specifically, this antibiotic binds to the negatively charged site in the lipopolysaccharide layer of the bacterial cell membrane via electrostatic affinity with the positively charged amino groups in the cyclic peptide portion. Subsequently, the fatty acid portion of polymyxin B dissolves in the hydrophobic region of the bacterial cell membrane. This results in an alteration in cell membrane structure, disruption of cell wall integrity and an increase in permeability for water and molecules. This will eventually lead to bacterial cell death. it is a polypeptide obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains with antimicrobial activity. it exerts its antimicrobial effect through its cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Specifically, this antibiotic binds to the negatively charged site in the lipopolysaccharide layer of the bacterial cell membrane via electrostatic affinity with the positively charged amino groups in the cyclic peptide portion. Subsequently, the fatty acid portion of polymyxin B1 dissolves in the hydrophobic region of the bacterial cell membrane. This results in an alteration in cell membrane structure, disruption of cell wall integrity and an increase in permeability for water and molecules. This will eventually lead to bacterial cell death. 
it is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic having (1E)-3-[(2-amino-2-oxoethyl)(ethyl)methylazaniumyl]prop-1-en-1-yl and {(2Z)-2-(5-amino-1,2,4-thiadiazol-3-yl)-2-[(fluoromethoxy)imino]acetyl}amino side groups located at positions 3 and 7 respectively. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It is a cephalosporin and a member of thiadiazoles. it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
All-trans-it is an all-trans-retinyl ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic (hexadecanoic acid) with the hydroxy group of all-trans-retinol. It is a it and an all-trans-retinyl ester. It derives from an all-trans-retinol. Retinyl Palmitate is a naturally-occurring phenyl analogue of retinol (vitamin A) with potential antineoplastic and chemopreventive activities. As the most common form of vitamin A taken for dietary supplementation, it binds to and activates retinoid receptors, thereby inducing cell differentiation and decreasing cell proliferation. This agent also inhibits carcinogen-induced neoplastic transformation, induces apoptosis in some cancer cell types, and exhibits immunomodulatory properties. (NCI04) 
it is an aspartic acid derivative that is the N-formimidoyl derivative of L-aspartic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a C4-dicarboxylic acid and a L-aspartic acid derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-iminiumylmethyl-L-aspartate and a it(2-). 
N,N',N'',N'''-it. A specific inhibitor of pseudocholinesterases. It is commonly used experimentally to determine whether pseudo- or acetylcholinesterases are involved in an enzymatic process. 
it is a colorless odorless gas with an ether-like odor. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its own vapor pressure. It is noncombustible. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a cholestanoid that is 5alpha-cholestane substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol and a cholestanoid. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. 
Bornane-2,3-dione is a bornane monoterpenoid that is bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 7 and 7 and oxo groups at positions 2 and 3. It is a bornane monoterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is a quinazolinone sulphonamide-based diuretic, structurally related to metolazone, with thiazide-like activity. As a thiazide-like diuretic, it acts by blocking reabsorption of sodium in the proximal tubule and the ascending branch of the loop of Henle. This causes an increase in diuresis with the elimination of chloride and sodium. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. May irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be lethal by Inhalation . Used to make pharmaceuticals and pesticides. it is an isocyanate having an ethyl group attached to the nitrogen. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Confusion, Schizophrenia, Perceptual Disorders, and Major Depressive Disorder. 
it, also known as 3Î²-3-lupanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3beta-3-lupanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3beta-3-lupanol can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes 3beta-3-lupanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an acene that consists of seven ortho-fused benzene rings in a rectilinear arrangement. It is an acene and a member of its. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glucuronides. These are glucuronides in which the aglycone is linked to the carbohydrate unit through an O-glycosidic bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the parent compound of the its; a diazine having the two nitrogens at the 1- and 3-positions. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a member of its and a diazine. it is one of two classes of heterocyclic nitrogenous bases found in the nucleic acids DNA and RNA: in DNA the its are cytosine and thymine, in RNA uracil replaces thymine. 
it appears as a colorless to clear, yellowish liquid with a sweet almond-like odor. Flash point 84Â°F. Practically insoluble in water and somewhat denser than water (9.2 lb / gal). Vapors heavier than air. Used to make pesticides, dyes, and other chemicals. it is the simplest member of the class of its, that is benzene in which a single hydrogen has been substituted by a chlorine. It has a role as a solvent. 
it, also known as 2, 2-bis(me-OH)-propionic acid or dihydroxymethyl propionic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta hydroxy acids and derivatives. Beta hydroxy acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituted with a hydroxyl group on the C3 carbon atom. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a tertiary amino compound that is N,N-dimethylethanamine substituted at position 1 by a 1-hydroxycyclohexyl and 4-methoxyphenyl group. It has a role as an antidepressant, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, a dopamine uptake inhibitor, an analgesic, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of cyclohexanols, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a monomethoxybenzene. it is a synthetic phenethylamine bicyclic derivative with antidepressant activity. it and its active metabolite, O-desmethylit (ODV), are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake and weak dopamine reuptake inhibitors. This agent may reduce hormone-related vasomotor symptoms. (NCI04) 
(S,R,R,R)-it is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of (S,R,R,R)-nebivolol with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It contains a (S,R,R,R)-nebivolol(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R,S,S,S)-it. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is hexadecanedioic acid carrying methyl groups at positions 3 and 14. It is a free fatty acid 1 (FFA1/GPR40) receptor agonist and an ATP citrate lyase inhibitor, and exhibits hypolipidemic and antidiabetogenic properties. It has a role as an antilipemic drug, an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor, an EC 2.3.3.8 (ATP citrate synthase) inhbitor, a G-protein-coupled receptor agonist and a hypoglycemic agent. 
it is a ribulose 5-phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a L-ribulose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is the S-phospho derivative of cysteamine. It is an organic thiophosphate and a primary amino compound. It derives from a cysteamine. It is a conjugate acid of a cysteamine S-phosphate(2-). 
it is a 2-(4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl)nicotinic acid that has R configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-imazapyr. 
it is a member of quinolines, a carbamate ester and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug and a CETP inhibitor. it is a cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) inhibitor that reduces the heterotypic transfer of cholesteryl ester from HDL to LDL and/or VLDL. it failed in phase III trials due to excess deaths. 
it, also known as (. +-. )-codamine or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (S)-codamine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) it is a bitter tasting compound that can be found in opium poppy. This makes (S)-codamine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a white to pale yellow clear oily liquid with a sweet odor. Solidifies around room temperature. (NTP, 1992) it is a chromanone that is the 3,4-dihydro derivative of coumarin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a coumarin. 
it is a synthetic derivative of dithio-ethane sulfonate with uroprotective properties. In the kidney, it undergoes reduction to the free thiol compound, mesna, which reacts chemically with the urotoxic ifosfamide metabolites acrolein and 4-hydroxy-ifosfamide, resulting in their detoxification. This agent also inhibits cyclophosphamide-induced hemorrhagic cystitis. 
it is the furanose form of D-ribose 5-phosphate. It derives from a D-ribofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound that is 1,5-oxathiocane which has been substituted at the 2-pro-R, 3, 6, and 8 positions by oxo, acetamido, 5,6-dihydropyridin-2(1H)-ylidene, and (2E)-but-2-enoyl groups, respectively, and which has been dehydrogenated to introduce a double bond at the 7-8 position. It was isolated from Streptomyces coelicolor M145 after genetically engineered increase of the metabolic flux and is the product of a polyketide biosynthetic gene cluster. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a lactone, an enone, a member of acetamides, a dihydropyridine, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and an enamine. It derives from a hydride of a 1,5-oxathiocane. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-valine and L-asparagine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-valine and a L-asparagine. 
it is a glycoside comprising beta-lactose having a p-(p-dimethylaminophenylazo)phenyl group at the 1-position. It has a role as a dye. It is a glycoside, a monoazo compound and a disaccharide derivative. 
it is a hydrate, which is the hemihydrate form of the (S)-(-) (more active) enantiomer of timolol. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an anti-arrhythmia drug, a beta-adrenergic antagonist and an antiglaucoma drug. It contains a (S)-timolol (anhydrous). Timolol is a propanolamine derivative and a non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with antihypertensive property. Timolol competitively binds to beta-1-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle and beta-2-receptors in the bronchial and vascular smooth muscle, resulting in a decrease in beta-adrenergic stimulation. Beta-1-receptor blockade results in a decrease in resting and exercise heart rate and cardiac output, a decrease in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and, possibly, a reduction in reflex orthostatic hypotension. Beta-2-blockade results in an increase in peripheral vascular resistance. The ultimate results include vasodilation, and negative chronotropic and inotropic cardiac effects. In addition, timolol reduces intra-ocular pressure possibly by decreasing aqueous humor production by reduction of blood flow to the ciliary processes and cAMP synthesis. 
A drug combination of fluticasone and salmeterol that is used as an inhaler formulation to manage the symptoms of ASTHMA and CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Boiling point 103-104Â°C. Flash point -5Â°F. Density 0.831 g / cm3. Slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Moderately toxic and narcotic in high concentrations. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-hydroxy-2-unsubstituted benzenoids. These are phenols that are unsubstituted at the 2-position. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, N-[2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl]benzamide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N-[2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl]benzamide can be found in pomes. This makes N-[2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl]benzamide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of tetrazoles that is 1-methyl-4-phenyltetrazole in which the phenyl group has been substituted at positions 2 and 3 by [1-(p-chlorophenyl)-1H-pyrazol-3-yl]oxy}methyl and methyl groups, respectively. A quinone outside inhibitor, it is a fungicide that can be used to control a broad range of diseases, including Septoria leaf blotch in wheat. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical and a quinone outside inhibitor. It is a member of tetrazoles, a pyrazole pesticide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the gamma-carboxy group of glutamic acid with the amino group of glutamine It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-glutamine. It is a conjugate acid of a gamma-Glu-Gln(1-). 
it is the fluorescent compound widely used in experimental cell biology and biochemistry to reveal double-stranded DNA and RNA. It has a role as an intercalator and a fluorochrome. It derives from a hydride of a phenanthridine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Kidney Cancer, Gastric Cancer, and Prostate Cancer, among others. it is an orally bioavailable receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor. it binds to and inhibits the autophosphorylation of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR), and fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR), thereby inhibiting angiogenesis and cell proliferation. it also inhibits the phosphorylation of the stem cell factor receptor tyrosine kinase c-kit, often expressed in acute myelogenous leukemia cells. (NCI04) 
A nicotinic cholinergic antagonist often referred to as the prototypical ganglionic blocker. It is poorly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and does not cross the blood-brain barrier. It has been used for a variety of therapeutic purposes including hypertension but, like the other ganglionic blockers, it has been replaced by more specific drugs for most purposes, although it is widely used a research tool. 
it is a member of 1,3-oxazoles and an organic potassium salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a fura-2(5-). 
S-Carboxymethyl-L-cysteine, also known as 3-(carboxymethylthio)alanine or carbocisteine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cysteine and derivatives. Cysteine and derivatives are compounds containing cysteine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of cysteine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. S-Carboxymethyl-L-cysteine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-carboxymethyl-L-cysteine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, S-carboxymethyl-L-cysteine can be found in root vegetables. This makes S-carboxymethyl-L-cysteine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a flavonoid oxoanion resulting from the deprotonation of the hydroxy group at position 7 of the flavone moiety of quercetin. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a quercetin 3-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside. 
it is a beta-D-galactopyranosyl-(1->4)-D-galactopyranose with a beta-configuration at the reducing end anomeric center. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
it is an N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminide in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 1-naphthyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a member of naphthalenes and a N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminide. It derives from a 1-naphthol. 
it, also known as 4-ethyl-2, 3, 5-trithiahexane or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, methyl 1-(methylthio)propyl disulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, methyl 1-(methylthio)propyl disulfide can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes methyl 1-(methylthio)propyl disulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carboxylic ester that is the methyl ester of (1R,2R,4S)-2-ethyl-2,4,5,7,12-pentahydroxy-6,11-dioxo-1,2,3,4,6,11-hexahydrotetracene-1-carboxylic acid. It is a tetracenomycin, a polyphenol, a carbopolycyclic compound, a member of tetracenequinones and a methyl ester. 
it is a member of the class of imidazolidines that is imidapril in which the ethyl ester group has been hydrolysed to the corresponding acid group. It is the active metabolite of imidapril used to treat hypertension. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, an antihypertensive agent and a drug metabolite. It is a dipeptide, a member of imidazolidines, a secondary amino compound, a dicarboxylic acid and a N-acylurea. It derives from an imidapril. it is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is an member of the class of phenylacetic acids that is phenylacetic acid in which one of the hydrogens alpha- to the carboxy group has been replaced by a sulfo group. It is an organosulfonic acid and a member of phenylacetic acids. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-sulfophenylacetate. 
A monocarboxylic acid anion derived from selective deprotonation of the carboxy group of phosphoenolpyruvic acid. It is a metabolic intermediate in GLYCOLYSIS; GLUCONEOGENESIS; and other pathways. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is chrysazin carrying a hydroxymethyl group at position 3. It has been isolated from plant species of the genus Aloe. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyanthraquinone and an aromatic primary alcohol. It derives from a chrysazin. 
Fluvoxamine, also known as floxyfral or novo-fluvoxamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trifluoromethylbenzenes. These are organofluorine compounds that contain a benzene ring substituted with one or more trifluoromethyl groups. Fluvoxamine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Fluvoxamine has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, fluvoxamine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Fluvoxamine is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a cholesterol ester obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group in cholesterol with the carboxy group of stearic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxylamines that is L-ornithine in which one of the N(5)-amino hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a L-ornithine derivative, a member of hydroxylamines and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Methyl 2-(4-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoate is the methyl ester of 2-(4-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid. It is a methyl ester, an aromatic ether, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound and a member of pyridines. It derives from a 2-(4-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid. 
it is a very hard gray solid with a metallic luster. (NTP, 1992) it atom is a itium group element atom that has atomic number 24. It has a role as a micronutrient. It is a itium group element atom and a metal allergen. 
it is a member of the class of resolvins that is (5Z,8Z,11Z,13E,15E)-icosapentaenoic acid which is substituted at positions 17 and 18 by hydroxy groups (the 17,18S stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a resolvin, a secondary allylic alcohol, a diol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
it is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of benzoic acid with benzyl alcohol. It has been isolated from the plant species of the genus Polyalthia. It has a role as a scabicide, an acaricide and a plant metabolite. It is a benzyl ester and a benzoate ester. It derives from a benzoic acid. 
Tetraisopropyl titanate appears as a water-white to pale-yellow liquid with an odor like isopropyl alcohol. About the same density as water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a pyruvic acid derivative having a 3-fluoro substituent. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-it. 
it is a glucocorticoid that is prednisone in which the oxo group at position 11 has been reduced to the corresponding beta-hydroxy group. It is a drug metabolite of prednisone. It has a role as an adrenergic agent, an anti-inflammatory drug, an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent, a drug metabolite, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a glucocorticoid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a Delta(1)-progesterone. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. After cell surface receptor attachment and cell entry, it enters the nucleus where it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in an altered gene expression and inhibition of proinflammatory cytokine production. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cells populations. (NCI04) 
it is a glucocorticoid, a cortisol ester, a valerate ester and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. it is the valerate salt form of hydrocortisone, a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with antiinflammatory, antipruritic and vasoconstrictive effects. Binding and activation of the glucocorticoid receptor results in the activation of lipocortin that in turn inhibits cytosolic phospholipase A2. Lack of phospholipase A2 prevents the release of arachidonic acid, precursor for inflammatory mediator prostaglandins and leukotrienes, from the cell membrane. Secondly, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase 1 is induced, thereby leads to dephosphorylation and inactivation of Jun N-terminal kinase directly inhibiting c-Jun mediated transcription. Finally, transcriptional activity of nuclear factor (NF)-kappa-B is blocked, thereby inhibits the transcription of cyclooxygenase 2, which is essential for prostaglandin production. 
it &lt;or&gt; it appears as a solid or liquid substance. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the formal reaction of the sulfonamide amino group of flucarbazone with 1 mol eq. of sodium hydride. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide to control grass weeds in cereal crops. Not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It contains a flucarbazone(1-). 
it is a phenylalanine derivative in which the hydrogen at position 2 on the benzene ring is replaced by a fluoro group. It is a phenylalanine derivative, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it is a serine derivative that is D-serine in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a ureido group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of ureas, a D-serine derivative and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a glycosylarabinose consisting of aldehydo-D-arabinose having a beta-D-galactopyranosyl residue at the 3-position. It is a tautomer of a beta-D-Gal-(1->3)-D-Ara. 
it is an alpha-diketone that consists of 1-phenylpropane bearing keto substituents at positions 1 and 2. It is found in coffee. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an alpha-diketone and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a hydride of a propylbenzene. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole which is substituted at positions 1, 3 and 4 by a pyridin-3-yl group, chloro group and an ethyl{3-[(3,3,3-trifluoropropyl)sulfanyl]propanoyl}nitrilo group, respectively. It is an insecticide from Dow AgroSciences LLC. It has a role as an insecticide. It is an organofluorine compound, a member of pyrazoles, a member of pyridines, a tertiary carboxamide, an organic sulfide and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a fatty alcohol that is undecane carrying a single hydroxy substituent at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an undecane. 
it (it) is a synthetic peptidomimetic drug consisting of ten amino acids, and acts as an effective and specific antagonist of bradykinin B2 receptors. It has been approved in the EU for use in hereditary angioedema, and is under investigation for a number of other conditions in which bradykinin is thought to play a significant role. it currently has orphan drug status in the United States and FDA approved on August 25, 2011. it is an antagonist of the human bradykinin B2 receptor (B2R), that can be used for the treatment of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Upon administration, icatibant targets and binds to B2R, thereby preventing bradykinin from binding to the B2R. This may prevent bradykinin/B2R-mediated vasodilation, the resulting increase in vascular permeability, and the swelling, inflammation, and pain associated with HAE. This may also prevent or improve pulmonary edema not associated with HAE and improve the associated decrease in blood oxygen levels. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid comprising hexanoic acid carrying a 5-oxo group. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid, an oxo fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-oxohexanoate. 
it is a methoxycinnamic acid that is trans-cinnamic acid substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3' and 4' respectively. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
it is a fine white crystalline powder. Odorless with a slightly bitter taste. Melting point 41-45Â°C. A 2% solution has pH of 4 to 6. Used medicinally as an antineoplastic agent. it is a phosphorodiamide that is 1,3,2-oxazaphosphinan-2-amine 2-oxide substituted by two 2-chloroethyl groups at the amino nitrogen atom. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an alkylating agent, an immunosuppressive agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antirheumatic drug, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a drug allergen. It is a phosphorodiamide, a nitrogen mustard and an organochlorine compound. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of it, a synthetic nitrogen mustard alkylating agent, with antineoplastic and immunosuppressive activities. In the liver, it is converted to active metabolites including phosphoramide mustard, which binds to and crosslinks DNA and RNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and protein synthesis. This agent, at low doses, is also a potent immunosuppressant primarily by depleting T-regulatory cells. 
it is a CMP-N-acyl-beta-neuraminic acid in which the N-acyl group is glycoloyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a CMP-N-glycoloyl-beta-neuraminate(2-). 
Levophenacylmorphan is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
To date, it has been used in trials studying the treatment of B-All, Myelofibrosis, Ovarian Cancer, Multiple Myeloma, and Hodgkin Lymphoma, among others.  As of October 31, 2017 the FDA approved Astra Zeneca's orally administered it (it). This Bruton Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) inhibitor indicated for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia, small lymphocytic lymphoma, and in adult patients with Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL) who have already received at least one prior therapy.  Also known as it, it is also considered a second generation BTK inhibitor because it was rationally designed to be more potent and selective than ibrutinib, theoretically expected to demonstrate fewer adverse effects owing to minimized bystander effects on targets other than BTK.  Nevertheless, it was approved under the FDA's accelerated approval pathway, which is based upon overall response rate and faciliates earlier approval of medicines that treat serious conditions or/and that fill an unmet medical need based on a surrogate endpoint. Continued approval for it's currently accepted indication may subsequently be contingent upon ongoing verification and description of clinical benefit in confimatory trials.  Furthermore, the FDA granted this medication Priority Review and Breakthrough Therapy designations. It also received Orphan Drug designation, which provides incentives to assist and encourage the development of drugs for rare diseases. At this time, more than 35 clinical trials across 40 countries with more than 2500 patients are underway or have been completed with regards to further research into better understanding and expanding the therapeutic uses of it. it is an orally available inhibitor of Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it inhibits the activity of BTK and prevents the activation of the B-cell antigen receptor (BCR) signaling pathway. This prevents both B-cell activation and BTK-mediated activation of downstream survival pathways. This leads to an inhibition of the growth of malignant B cells that overexpress BTK. BTK, a member of the src-related BTK/Tec family of cytoplasmic tyrosine kinases, is overexpressed in B-cell malignancies; it plays an important role in B lymphocyte development, activation, signaling, proliferation and survival. 
it is a penicillin where the side-chain N-acyl group is specified as allylmercaptoacetyl. Antibiotic isolated from Penicillium chrysogenum. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 
1-[(2-hydroxyethoxy)methyl]-6-(phenylsulfanyl)thymine is a pyrimidone that is thymine which is substituted at positions 1 and 6 by a (2-hydroxyethoxy)methyl group and a phenylsulfanyl group, respectively. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It is a pyrimidone, an aryl sulfide and a primary alcohol. It derives from a thymine. 
Talc is an odorless white to grayish-white very fine crystalline powder (unctuous). Readily adheres to the skin. Nonflammable, noncombustible, and nontoxic. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of (S)-2-chloropropanoic acid obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-2-chloropropanoic acid. 
it is an organonitrogen compound and an organooxygen compound. It derives from a delta-amino acid. it is the hexyl ester of 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA) with photodynamic properties. As a precursor of photoactive porphorins, hexyl 5-aminolevulinate induces the endogenous production of the photosensitizer protoporphyrin IX (PPIX) which accumulates selectively in tumor tissue. When exposed to specific wavelengths of light, PPIX is activated and, depending on the wavelength and/or intensity of light, either fluoresces, thereby allowing tumor imaging, or induces tumor cell apoptosis. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide having a 2-phenylpropan-2-yl substituent attached to the amide nitrogen and a 1-bromo-2,2-dimethylpropyl group attached to the carbonyl carbon. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and an organobromine compound. 
Ordinary air, compressed and shipped in cylinders under pressure. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is the (1S,2R)-stereoisomer of isocitric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-threo-isocitrate(3-). It is an enantiomer of a D-threo-isocitric acid. 
it, also known as T-V dipeptide or THR-val, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefotaxime, a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefotaxime sodium binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linking of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, cefotaxime sodium is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. 
it, also known as Î”-terpineol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, spearmint, common sage, and rosemary. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 17alpha-hydroxy-C21-steroid that is pregn-4-ene substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 20 and hydroxy groups at positions 11, 17 and 21. it is a corticosteroid hormone or glucocorticoid produced by zona fasciculata of the adrenal cortex, which is a part of the adrenal gland. It is usually referred to as the \ Therapeutic it is a synthetic or semisynthetic analog of natural it hormone produced by the adrenal glands with primary glucocorticoid and minor mineralocorticoid effects. As a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, it promotes protein catabolism, gluconeogenesis, capillary wall stability, renal excretion of calcium, and suppresses immune and inflammatory responses. (NCI04) 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-serine. 
it, anhydrous appears as a colorless liquid. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used in metal cleaning, as a chemical polishing agent and as a catalyst. it is a fluorine molecular entity and a phosphoric acid derivative. 
it is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid that is caprylic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It derives from an octanoic acid. 
(9E)-10-nitrooctadecenoic acid is a nitro fatty acid that is (9E)-octadec-9-enoic (elaidic) acid substituted by a nitro group at position 10. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid, a nitro fatty acid and a monounsaturated fatty acid. It derives from an elaidic acid. 
it, also known as 15ADON or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a five-membered monocyclic heteroarene that is an analogue of cyclopentadiene with O in place of CH2 at position 1 and N in place of CH at position 3. It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene and a member of its. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained via deprotonation of both carboxy groups of 2-oxo-2H-pyran-4,6-dicarboxylic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxo-2H-pyran-4,6-dicarboxylic acid. 
it is an optically active form of ite having L-configuration. It has a role as a flour treatment agent, a human metabolite and an EC 4.3.1.3 (histidine ammonia-lyase) inhibitor. It is a serine family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a ite and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-itium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-itate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-ite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. ite is a non-essential sulfur-containing amino acid in humans, related to cystine, ite is important for protein synthesis, detoxification, and diverse metabolic functions. Found in beta-keratin, the main protein in nails, skin, and hair, ite is important in collagen production, as well as skin elasticity and texture. Also required in the manufacture of amino acid taurine, ite is a component of the antioxidant glutathione, and plays a role in the metabolism of essential biochemicals such as coenzyme A, heparin, and biotin. (NCI04) 
it is an iminium salt composed of 4-{[4-(dimethylamino)phenyl][4-(ethylamino)naphthalen-1-yl]methylidene}-N,N-dimethylcyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-iminium and chloride ions in a 1:1 ratio. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an iminium salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains a it(1+). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Tongue Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Adult Solid Neoplasm, and Fallopian Tube Cancer, among others. it is a small-molecule Toll-like receptor 8 (TLR8) agonist with potential immunostimulating and antineoplastic activities. it binds to TLR8, present in cutaneous dendritic cells, monocytes/macrophages, and mast cells, which may result in the activation of the central transcription factor nuclear factor-B, the secretion of proinflammatory cytokines and other mediators, and a Th1-weighted antitumoral cellular immune response. Primarily localized to endosomal membranes intracellularly, TLR8, like other TLRs, recognizes pathogen-associated molecular patterns (PAMPs) and plays a key role in the innate immune system. 
it is a white crystalline powder. Solution in water has a pH of 5-6. Odorless. Slightly bitter taste followed by a sensation of numbness. May be sensitive to light. it is an organic sulfate salt. It contains an amphetamine. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid where the methyl group has been hydroxylated. It has a role as a metabolite and a keratolytic drug. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a primary alcohol. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glycolate. 
it, also known as S-g dipeptide or ser-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Mercury oleate appears as a yellowish to red liquid/semi-solid or solid mass. Prepared by dissolving yellow mercuric oxide in oleic acid. Contains 24-26% HgO by mass. Insoluble in water. Toxic by ingestion. Used in medicine, antiseptic and antifouling paint. 
Mercury benzoate appears as a white crystalline odorless solid. Melting point 165Â°C. Sensitive to light. Highly toxic by inhalation and ingestion. 
it is an iodobenzoate with a single iodo substituent placed at the 2-position. It is an iodobenzoate and a 2-halobenzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-iodobenzoic acid. 
it is a racemate composed of equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-it. It has a role as an antidepressant, an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and a serotonergic agonist. It contains a (R)-it and a (S)-it. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside that is ascr#10 in which the pro-R hydrogen that is beta to the carboxy group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans as well as the sour paste nematode, Panagrellus redivivus. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside, a monocarboxylic acid and a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from an ascr#10 and a (3R,8R)-3,8-dihydroxynonanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it (technical mixture and metabolites) appears as brown or amber very viscous liquid. Insoluble in water. it is a cyclodiene organochlorine insecticide. It has a role as a GABA-gated chloride channel antagonist and a persistent organic pollutant. It derives from a hydride of an indene. it is a chlorinated hydrocarbon used as a non-systemic contact insecticide for lawns and crops. Actually a complex mixture of isomers, other chlorinated hydrocarbons, and by-products, it is used in termite and ant control, and as a protective treatment for underground cables. it may be irritant and toxic by ingestion, inhalation, or skin absorption; toxic effects may be cumulative. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of carbon monoxide, hydrogen chloride, chlorine, and phosgene. it is very persistent in the environment, surviving in soils for more than 20 years. U.S. production of it was stopped in 1976. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of sennosides that is (9R,9'S)-9,9',10,10'-tetrahydro-9,9'-bianthracene-2,2'-dicarboxylic acid which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 4', by beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy groups at positions 5 and 5', and by oxo groups at positions 10 and 10'. It is a member of sennosides and an oxo dicarboxylic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl 2-ethylbutanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as white crystal or powder; technical product is gray powder. Has no odor but a bitter taste. Used primarily as a rodenticide for control of adult Norway rats. Not produced commercially in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
3, 6-Dihydroxy-2-phenyl-4H-chromen-4-one, also known as 36-dihydroxy-flavone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonols. Flavonols are compounds that contain a flavone (2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one) backbone carrying a hydroxyl group at the 3-position. 3, 6-Dihydroxy-2-phenyl-4H-chromen-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
An intermediate in TESTOSTERONE biosynthesis, found in the TESTIS or the ADRENAL GLANDS. Androstenediol, derived from DEHYDROEPIANDROSTERONE by the reduction of the 17-keto group (17-HYDROXYSTEROID DEHYDROGENASES), is converted to TESTOSTERONE by the oxidation of the 3-beta hydroxyl group to a 3-keto group (3-HYDROXYSTEROID DEHYDROGENASES). 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid consisting of aa tetrahydroisoquinoline core with 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzyl, methoxy and hydroxy substituents at positions 1, 6 and 7 respectively; major species at pH 7.3. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, an isoquinolinol and a member of isoquinolines. It is a conjugate base of a nororientalinium(1+). 
it is a member of the class of benzoisoquinolines that is 1,3-dioxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-benzo[de]isoquinoline-5-sulfonic acid substituted by 4-tolyl and amino groups at positions 2 and 6 respectively. The monosodium salt is the biological stain 'lissamine flavine FF'. It is a benzoisoquinoline, an arenesulfonic acid, an aromatic amine and a dicarboximide. It is a conjugate acid of a lissamine flavine FF(1-). 
it is the stable isotope of yttrium with relative atomic mass 88.905848, 100 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 1/2. 
it is an N-carbamoyl-D-alpha-amino acid derived from D-methionine. It is a N-carbamoyl-D-alpha-amino acid and a D-methionine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a ithioninate. It is an enantiomer of a N-carbamoyl-L-methionine. 
it is an aminoalkylindole consisting of indole having a 2-aminoethyl group at the 3-position. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aminoalkylindole, an indole alkaloid, an aralkylamino compound and a member of its. It is a conjugate base of a tryptaminium. 
it appears as a yellow oily liquid with a pleasant odor. A mixture of isomers (n-butyl, sec-butyl and tert-butyl). Slightly soluble in water. Slightly less dense than water. Vapors are much heavier than air. Toxic by ingestion, mildly toxic by inhalation. Used to make fuel for jet airplanes. 
it is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl L-serine in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups are both oleoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an oleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an azacycloalkane that is the 1,2-diaza derivative of cyclopentane It is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, a member of its and an azacycloalkane. 
it is an epoxide resulting from the formal epoxidation of the cyclic double bond of limonene. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a limonene monoterpenoid and an epoxide. 
it is a nickel cation in which the nickel carries a triple positive charge. It is a metal cation allergen, a nickel cation and a monoatomic trication. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tricarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly three carboxyl groups. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent burning sulfur odor. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a sulfur oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogensulfite. It is a tautomer of a sulfonic acid. 
it is a phosphonic ester that is the monoethyl ester of phosphonic acid. A fungicide used (as its aluminium salt) for various horticultural crops used to control a range of diseases including Phytophthora, Pythium and Plasmopara. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an alpha-amino-acid cation that is the conjugate acid of glycine, arising from protonation of the amino. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a glycine. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines that is biguanide the carrying two methyl substituents at position 1. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a biguanide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an agent belonging to the biguanide class of antidiabetics with antihyperglycemic activity. it is associated with a very low incidence of lactic acidosis. This agent helps reduce LDL cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and is not associated with weight gain, and prevents the cardiovascular complications of diabetes. it is not metabolized and is excreted unchanged by the kidneys. 
AC1l99WB is classified as an alkylglucosinolate. Alkylglucosinolates are organic compounds containing a glucosinolate moiety that carries an alkyl chain. AC1l99WB is considered a slightly soluble (in water), acidic compound. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-hydroxyferulic acid, obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 5-hydroxyferulic acid. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and furan diterpenoid with formula C20H28O3 obtained from the unsaponifiable fraction of coffee oil (a lipid fraction obtained from coffee beans by organic solvent extraction). It has a role as a plant metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, a hypoglycemic agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol, a diterpenoid, a member of furans and a primary alcohol. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 8Â°F. Vapor and liquid may cause burns. Denser than water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is a carbohydrate acid derivative that is alpha-L-iduronic acid in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been converted into the correspondinghydrogen sullfate derivative. It is a carbohydrate sulfate and a carbohydrate acid derivative. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinchona alkaloids. These are alkaloids structurally characterized by the presence of the cinchonan skeleton, which consists of a quinoline linked to an azabicyclo[2. 2. 2]octane moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in blood. 
it is an N-tetracosenoylsphingosine in which the double bond in the ceramide acyl group is located at position 15 (the Z-geoisomer. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a N-tetracosenoylsphingosine and a Cer(d42:2). It derives from a (15Z)-tetracosenoic acid. 
it appears as a water-white liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. May be moderately toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Very irritating to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Used as a solvent and to make pharmaceuticals. 
it, also known as liriodendron base, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in beverages, cherimoya, and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a morphinane alkaloid that is a derivative of morphine with a 2-morpholinoethyl group at the 3-position. It has a role as an antitussive, an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist and a drug allergen. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a morphinane alkaloid. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazolopyridines that is 1H-pyrazolo[3,4-b]pyridine which is substituted by a 2-fluorobenzyl and 4,6-diamino-5-[(methoxycarbonyl)amino]pyrimidin-2-yl groups at positions 1 and 3, respectively. It is an active metabolite of riociguat and a soluble guanylate cyclase stimulator developed by Bayer for the treatment of erectile dysfunction and heart failure. It has a role as a soluble guanylate cyclase activator, an antihypertensive agent, a drug metabolite and a vasodilator agent. It is a pyrazolopyridine, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a carbamate ester and an aminopyrimidine. 
it is a nucleotide-alditol having cytosine as the nucleobase and ribitol as the alditol portion. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it appears as bluish-brown oil or a clear yellow liquid. Coal tar or mothball odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a methylnaphthalene carrying a methyl substituent at position 1. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a plant metabolite. 
Demethylated antipyrine, also known as edarabone or methylphenylpyrazolone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyrazoles. Phenylpyrazoles are compounds containing a phenylpyrazole skeleton, which consists of a pyrazole bound to a phenyl group. Demethylated antipyrine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, demethylated antipyrine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a cyclopentapyran that is 1,4a,5,6,7,7a-hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyran-4-carboxylic acid substituted at positions 1, 6 and 7 by beta-D-glucosyloxy, hydroxy and methyl groups respectively It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cyclopentapyran, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a glucoside. It is a conjugate acid of a loganate. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted by tert-butyl groups at position 2 and 5. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. It is a member of phenols and an alkylbenzene. 
it is a dihydroxyphenylacetic acid having the two hydroxy substituents at the 2- and 5-positions. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyphenylacetic acid and a member of hydroquinones. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a homogentisate. 
it is a 1,3-thiazole that is thiazole in which all three hydrogens are replaced by methyl groups. A Maillard reaction product, it is a flavour component in many cooked foods, including cooked meats and potatoes. It has a role as a Maillard reaction product. 
Estramustine Phosphate Sodium is the orally available disodium salt, monohydrate, of estramustine phosphate, a synthetic molecule that combines estradiol and nornitrogen mustard through a carbamate link. Estramustine and its major metabolite estramustine bind to microtubule-associated proteins (MAPs) and tubulin, thereby inhibiting microtubule dynamics and leading to anaphase arrest in a dose-dependent fashion. This agent also exhibits anti-androgenic effects. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Soluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. An irritant. 
Amifostine is the trihydrate form of a phosphorylated aminosulfhydryl compound. After dephosphorylation of amifostine by alkaline phosphatase to an active free sulfhydryl (thiol) metabolite, the thiol metabolite binds to and detoxifies cytotoxic platinum-containing metabolites of cisplatin and scavenges free radicals induced by cisplatin and ionizing radiation. The elevated activity of this agent in normal tissues results from both the relative abundance of alkaline phosphatase in normal tissues and the greater vascularity of normal tissues compared to tumor tissues. 
it appears as a water-white liquid with a pungent odor. Denser than water. Irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it, also known as cyclopentyl sulfide or fema 3262, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an alliaceous, celery, and citrus taste. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that is used (in its hemihydrate form) for treatment of type II diabetes via inhibition of sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2 inhibitor. It is a C-glycosyl compound, a member of thiophenes and an organofluorine compound. it is the anhydrous form of it, a C-glucoside with a thiophene ring that is an orally available inhibitor of sodium-glucose transporter 2 (SGLT2) with antihyperglycemic activity. it is also able to reduce body weight and has a low risk for hypoglycemia. 
Miquelianin is a quercetin O-glycoside that consists of quercetin attached to a beta-D-glucuronopyranosyl moiety at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. Isolated from Salvia and Phaseolus vulgaris, it exhibits antioxidant and antidepressant activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant and an antidepressant. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid and a quercetin O-glycoside. 
it is an acyclic carotene that is lycopene in which the double bonds at positions C-7, C-11, C-15, C-7', C-11' and C-15' have been reduced to single bonds. 
it (YM-992, YM-35,995) is an arylpiperazine antidepressant which was being developed as a treatment for depression and obsessive compulsive disorder, and reached phase II clinical trials, but was discontinued. It acts as a serotonin reuptake inhibitor and 5-HT2A receptor antagonist. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 is substituted by a 3-phenoxyphenyl group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, the dihydrate form of the calcium salt is used for the management of mild to moderate pain and for the relief of pain and inflammation associated with disorders such as arthritis. It is pharmacologically similar to aspirin, but causes less gastrointestinal bleeding. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, an antipyretic, a non-narcotic analgesic and a drug allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a propionic acid derivative with analgesic, non-steroidal antiinflammatory and antirheumatic properties. it inhibits both isozymes of cyclooxygenase; resulting in prostaglandin synthesis inhibition, thereby blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins. In addition, it activates both peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR)-alpha and -gamma, by which it may down-regulate leukotriene B4 production. it Calcium is the calcium salt form of it, a propionic acid derivative with analgesic, non-steroidal antiinflammatory and antirheumatic properties. it inhibits both isozymes of cyclooxygenase; resulting in prostaglandin synthesis inhibition, thereby blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins. In addition, it activate both peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPAR)-alpha and -gamma, by which it may down-regulate leukotriene B4 production. 
it is a itoside that is quercetin with the hydroxy group at position C-3 substituted with glucose and rhamnose sugar groups. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a disaccharide derivative, a quercetin O-glucoside, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a itoside. 
it is an amino trisaccharide consisting of two D-galactose residues, linked alpha(1->3), and an N-acetyl-D-glucosamine residue, linked beta(1->4), at the reducing end. It has a role as an allergen. It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is a member of the class of tryptamines that is tryptamine in which the the indole ring has been substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It is a member of tryptamines, a member of hydroxyindoles and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it, also known as tbzoh CPD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydroisoquinolines. These are tetrahydrogenated isoquinoline derivatives. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, b-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is 4H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazine 1,1-dioxide in which the hydrogen at position is substituted by chlorine and that at position 7 is substituted by a sulfonamide group. A diuretic, it is used for treatment of oedema and hypertension. It has a role as a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. it is a short-acting, benzothiadiazinesulfonamide derivative and prototypical thiazide diuretic. it is excreted unchanged by the kidneys. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01359696 (A Study Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of it Administered With and Without Gemcitabine in Patients With Refractory Solid Tumors or Lymphoma). 
it is under investigation for the treatment of Alzheimer's Disease, Prodromal Alzheimer's disease, and Amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment.   it is Merckâ€™s investigational oral Î²-site amyloid precursor protein cleaving enzyme (BACE1 or Î² secretase) inhibitor. In July 2013, Merck announced positive results for Phase Ib trials of it. In the study, administration of it at doses of 12, 40 and 60 mg resulted in a dose-dependent and sustained reduction in the levels of Ab40, a measure of BACE1 activity, in CSF from baseline of 57, 79 and 84 percent, respectively. 
it is a carbamate ester that is methyl carbamate substituted by a (4-aminophenyl)sulfonyl group at the nitrogen atom. A dihydropteroate synthase inhibitor, it is used (normally as the corresponding sodium salt, it-sodium) as a herbicide, mainly for killing bracken. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, a carbamate ester, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Adult Gliosarcoma, Adult Mixed Glioma, Adult Glioblastoma, Chronic Myeloid Leukemia, and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others. it is an orally active 2-phenylaminopyrimidine derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically binds to and inhibits the Bcr/Abl fusion protein tyrosine kinase, an abnormal enzyme produced by Philadelphia chromosomal translocation associated with chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). Furthermore, this agent also inhibits the Src-family member Lyn tyrosine kinase, upregulated in imatinib-resistant CML cells and in a variety of solid cancer cell types. The inhibitory effect of it on these specific tyrosine kinases decreases cellular proliferation and induces apoptosis. A high percentage of CML patients are refractory to imatinib, which sometimes results from point mutations occurring in the kinase domain of the Bcr/Abl fusion product. Due to its dual inhibitory activity, it has been shown to overcome this particular drug resistance and to be a potent and effective agent in the treatment of imatinib-resistant CML. 
it is a stable isotope of boron with relative atomic mass 10.0129370, 19.9 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 3+. 
it is an organobromine compound comprising hexanoic acid having a bromo substituent at the 6-position. It derives from a hexanoic acid. 
Cefpodoxime is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefpodoxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefpodoxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it is a (9Z)-12-hydroxyoctadec-9-enoic acid in which the 12-hydroxy group has R-configuration.. It is a conjugate acid of a ricinoleate. 
Iodocyanopindolol is an indole that is 1H-indole substituted at positions 2, 3 and 7 by cyano, iodo and 3-(tert-butylamino)-2-hydroxypropoxy groups respectively. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It is a member of indoles, a nitrile, an organoiodine compound, an aromatic ether, a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is pregn-4-ene-3,20-dione substituted by an alpha-hydroxy group at position 17 and a methyl group at position 6. It has a role as a contraceptive drug, a progestin and a synthetic oral contraceptive. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. it is a synthetic derivative of progesterone administered as an acetate salt (it acetate) with antiestrogenic activity. As a do all progestins, it binds to and activates nuclear receptors which subsequently bind to and activate target genes for transcription. As an antiestrogen, this agent may inhibit the growth-stimulating effects of estrogen on estrogen-sensitive tumor cells. (NCI04) 
it is a broad-spectrum polyketide antibiotic produced by the Streptomyces genus of actinobacteria. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial drug, an antiprotozoal drug, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of its. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-) and a it zwitterion. it is a broad-spectrum naphthacene antibiotic produced semisynthetically from chlorit, an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces aureofaciens. In bacteria, it binds to the 30S ribosomal subunit, interferes with the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis. 
it is a tetrasaccharide comprising residues of galactose, N-acetylglucosamine, galactose and glucose in a linear sequence, all joined by beta-linkages. It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it, also known as E312 or dodecyl 3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as galloyl esters. These are organic compounds that contain an ester derivative of 3, 4, 5-trihydroxybenzoic acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an odorless taste. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is an anti-tumor antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces pulveraceus. it inhibits topoisomerase II catalytic activity, resulting in impaired DNA and RNA synthesis in various malignant cell types. This agent also inhibits serine/threonine protein phosphatase type 2A in some tumor cell types, thereby interfering with cellular proliferation and differentiation. (NCI04) 
N-SulfO-D-glucosamine, also known as N-sulpho-D-glucosamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hexoses. These are monosaccharides in which the sugar unit is a is a six-carbon containing moeity. N-SulfO-D-glucosamine is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-sulfO-D-glucosamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is tetradecane in which the methyl groups have been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acids. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a tetradecanedioate(2-). It derives from a hydride of a tetradecane. 
Hyodeoxycholic acid 6-O-(beta-D-glucuronide) is a steroid glucosiduronic acid that is hyodeoxycholic acid having a single beta-D-glucuronic acid residue attached at position 6. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a dicarboxylic acid and a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It derives from a hyodeoxycholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a hyodeoxycholate 6-O-(beta-D-glucuronide)(2-). 
Tetramethylmethylenediamine appears as a solid or solution. Moderately toxic by ingestion and may irritate skin and eyes. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. 
it is a tetracenecarboxylate ester, a member of tetracenequinones and a methyl ester. It derives from a tetracenomycin D3. 
it is a D-glucosaminide consisting of 2-aminoglucosamine attached to 1D-myo-inositol at the 6-position via an alpha-linkage. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a D-glucosaminide and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate base of a 6-(alpha-D-glucosazaniumyl)-1D-myo-inositol. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Shipped as either a solid or liquid. Soluble in water and less dense than water. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a but-2-enoic acid with a trans- double bond at C-2. It has been isolated from Daucus carota. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a crotonate. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolidines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member saturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms (Â±)-it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
3, 3'-Digalloylprocyanidin b2, also known as procyanidin b2-3, 3'-di-O-gallate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as biflavonoids and polyflavonoids. These are organic compounds containing at least two flavan/flavone units. These units are usually linked through CC or C-O-C bonds. Some examples include C2-O-C3, C2-O-C4, C3'-C3''', and C6-C8''. 3, 3'-Digalloylprocyanidin b2 is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 3'-digalloylprocyanidin B2 is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3, 3'-digalloylprocyanidin B2 can be found in common grape, green vegetables, and tea. This makes 3, 3'-digalloylprocyanidin B2 a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as O-methoxy methyl benzoate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 2 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a blackcurrant, cananga, and floral tasting compound that can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the cyclic form of dithioerythritol. It is an organic disulfide and a member of dithianes. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2-dithiane. 
it is an androgen that is nalandrone carrying two methyl substituents at positions 7alpha and 17. It has a role as an anabolic agent and an androgen. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
A specific inhibitor of phosphoserine/threonine protein phosphatase 1 and 2a. It is also a potent tumor promoter. (Thromb Res 1992;67(4):345-54 and Cancer Res 1993;53(2):239-41) 
it is a harmala alkaloid in which the harman skeleton is hydroxy-substituted at C-7 and has been reduced across the 3,4 bond. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and an algal metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a harman. 
2-it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Flash point 105Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a tertiary amine that is ethanolamine having two N-methyl substituents. It has a role as a curing agent and a radical scavenger. It is a tertiary amine and a member of ethanolamines. 
N-it is a colorless liquid. Used in organic chemical synthesis, plasticizers, detergents, etc. it is a primary alcohol that is butane in which a hydrogen of one of the methyl groups is substituted by a hydroxy group. It it produced in small amounts in humans by the gut microbes. It has a role as a protic solvent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and an alkyl alcohol. 
it is a heterodetic cyclic peptide that has antineoplastic activity. It is a CXC chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) antagonist with an IC50 value of 0.8 nM and is currently under clinical investigation for the treatment of hematological malignancies, solid tumors, and stem cell mobilization. It was granted orphan drug designation by the FDA for the treatment of pancreatic cancer in 2019. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and a C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 antagonist. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02588170 (Phase III Study of it in Treating Advanced Extrapancreatic Neuroendocrine Tumors). it is an orally bioavailable, small molecule inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR) 1, 2, and 3, and the fibroblast growth factor receptor type 1 (FGFR1), with potential antineoplastic and anti-angiogenic activities. Upon oral administration, it binds to and inhibits VEGFRs and FGFR1 thereby inhibiting VEGFR- and FGFR1-mediated signal transduction pathways. This leads to a reduction of angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation in VEGFR/FGFR1-overexpressing tumor cells. Expression of VEGFRs and FGFR1 may be upregulated in a variety of tumor cell types. 
3-[3-(tert-butylsulfanyl)-1-(4-chlorobenzyl)-5-(propan-2-yl)-1H-indol-2-yl]-2,2-dimethylpropanoic acid is a member of the class of indoles that is 1H-indole substituted by a isopropyl group at position 5, a tert-butylsulfanediyl group at position 3, a 4-chlorobenzyl group at position 1 and a 2-carboxy-2-methylpropyl group at position 2. It acts as an inhibitor of arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase. It has a role as an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a leukotriene antagonist. It is an aryl sulfide, a member of indoles, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a beta-L-fucoside that is beta-L-fucopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 4-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a beta-L-fucoside and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
Delta(1)-dihydrotestosterone is an anabolic steroid that differs from testosterone by having a 1,2-double bond instead of a 4,5-double bond in its A ring. A potent androgen with anabolic properties, it was legally sold as a prohormone in the U.S.A. until 2005, when it was reclassified as a Schedule III drug. It has a role as an anabolic agent. It is an anabolic androgenic steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1) steroid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of levalbuterol, a relatively selective sympathomimetic beta-2 adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. it binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle and activates intracellular adenyl cyclase, thereby increasing the production of cyclic-3', 5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels lead to the activation of protein kinase A, which inhibits the phosphorylation of myosin and lowers intracellular ionic calcium concentrations, resulting in relaxation of bronchial smooth muscles. The increased cyclic AMP concentrations also inhibit the release of inflammatory mediators from mast cells. 
Motexafin Gadolinium is a synthetic metallotexaphyrin with radiosensitizing and chemosensitizing properties. Motexafin gadolinium accumulates in tumor cells preferentially due to their increased rates of metabolism, generating reactive oxygen species (ROS) intracellularly and lowering the tumor cell apoptotic threshold to ionizing radiation and chemotherapy. (NCI04) 
A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as proline and derivatives. Proline and derivatives are compounds containing proline or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of proline at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an alkylglucosinolic acid that consists of 1-thio-beta-D-glucopyranose attached to a N-(sulfooxy)ethanimidoyl group at the anomeric sulfur. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as a yellow-colored liquid with a amine-like odor. Denser than water. Very corrosive, may burn skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Flash point 125Â°F. Combustible. Produce toxic oxides of nitrogen when burned. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an N-glycosylpyrrolopyrimidine that is adenosine in which the in the 5-membered ring that is not attached to the ribose moiety is replaced by a carbon. it is produced in the culture broth of Streptomyces tubericidus. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a bacterial metabolite and an antimetabolite. It is a N-glycosylpyrrolopyrimidine, a ribonucleoside and an antibiotic antifungal agent. it is an antibiotic and adenosine analog isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces tubercidicus with potential antineoplastic activity. it is incorporated into DNA and inhibits polymerases, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also exhibits antifungal and antiviral activities. (NCI04) 
it is an arenesulfonic acid, the disodium salt of which is the histological dye 'methyl blue' (used for staining collagen in Masson's trichrome and Mallory's method for connective tissue). It is an arenesulfonic acid, an imine, an aromatic amine and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of a methyl blue(2-). 
it is a sphingoid that is the 3-keto analogue of sphingosine. It is an amino alcohol, an enone, a beta-hydroxy ketone and a sphingoid. It derives from a sphing-4-enine and a sphingosine. 
it, also known as it or 6-ethyl-3-picoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methylpyridines. These are organic compounds containing a pyridine ring substituted at one or more positions by a methyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products and crustaceans. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid substituted by a sulfanyl group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an antidote to cyanide poisoning. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a thiol. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-it. 
Docetaxel is an antineoplastic agent that has a unique mechanism of action as an inhibitor of cellular mitosis and that currently plays a central role in the therapy of many solid tumor including breast and lung cancer. Docetaxel therapy is frequently associated with serum enzyme elevations which are usually transient and mild, but more importantly has been linked to immediate, severe hypersensitivity reactions that in rare instances can be associated with acute hepatic necrosis, liver failure and death. 
Levobunolol Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of levobunolol, a naphthalenone and non-cardioselective adrenergic beta-receptor antagonist with anti-glaucoma activity. Upon administration in the eye, levobunolol blocks beta-adrenergic receptors, thereby causing vasoconstriction. Levobunolol also decreases ciliary's body production of aqueous humor, leading to a decrease in aqueous humor. 
it (anhydrous) is a chloride salt in which the negative charge of the chloride ions is balanced by succinylcholine dications. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. It contains a succinylcholine. it is the chloride salt form of succinylcholine, a quaternary ammonium compound and depolarizing agent with short-term muscle relaxant properties. it binds to nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction and opening the ligand-gated channels in the same way as acetylcholine, resulting in depolarization and inhibition of neuromuscular transmission. Depolarization may be prolonged due to succinylcholine's resistance to acetylcholinesterases thereby leading to disorganized muscle contraction followed by skeletal muscle relaxation and flaccid paralysis. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a pent-4-enoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxopent-4-enoate. It is a tautomer of a 2-hydroxypenta-2,4-dienoic acid. 
it is a phosphorus oxoanion obtained by selective deprotonation of two of the three phosphate OH groups of thiophosphoric acid. It is a phosphorus oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a phosphorothioic O,O,O-acid. 
it, also known as 4'-nitro-1, 1-dicyanostyrene or dicyano-p-nitrostyrene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharides. Monosaccharides are compounds containing one carbohydrate unit not glycosidically linked to another such unit, and no set of two or more glycosidically linked carbohydrate units. Monosaccharides have the general formula CnH2nOn. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the aromatic diazonium ion formed from diazotisation of the amino group in 2-nitroaniline. It has a role as a hapten. 
it, also known as it or ala-tyr, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine that is the ethanolamide of palmitoleic acid. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine, an endocannabinoid, a N-(monounsaturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine and a N-acylethanolamine 16:1. It derives from a palmitoleic acid. 
it is a fatty acyl-AMP that results from the formal condensation of the phosphoryl group of AMP with the carboxyl group of hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Calcitonin (32 aa, ~3 kDa) is encoded by the human CALCA gene. This protein is involved in the modulation of blood calcium and phosphate concentrations through promoting incorporation of these ions into bone. 
it is a pale yellow to light brown liquid with a mild odor and a faint bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of benzodioxoles. It has a role as a pesticide synergist. it is a synthetic derivative of benzodioxole and used as an insecticide synergist, it enhances the active properties of pyrethrin, pyrethroid, rotenone, and carbamate pesticide ingredients by inhibiting insect microsomal enzyme detoxification activity. It is toxic and suspected of causing anorexia, carcinogenesis, convulsions, and dermal irritation, as well as hepatic and renal damage. (NCI04) 
it, also known as 2-hydroxy-3-carboxypyridine or 3-carboxy-2-pyridone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridinecarboxylic acids. Pyridinecarboxylic acids are compounds containing a pyridine ring bearing a carboxylic acid group. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. 
Propyl propane thiosulfonate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. Propyl propane thiosulfonate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, propyl propane thiosulfonate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Propyl propane thiosulfonate has an alliaceous and roasted taste. 
it is a secondary aliphatic amine that is sec-butylamine substituted by a methyl group at the N atom. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a sec-butylamine. 
it has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Gout, Gout and Hyperuricemia, and Gout and Asymptomatic Hyperuricemia. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a woody tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), wild celery, fats and oils, and ginger. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a L-histidine derivative that is L-histidine substituted at positions N3 and C5 on the imidazole ring by methyl and mercapto groups respectively. It has a role as an antioxidant, a marine metabolite and a radical scavenger. It is an aryl thiol, a L-histidine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is an oxime O-ether resulting from the formal conversion ot the acyclic keto group of 5-[2-(ethylsulfanyl)propyl]-3-hydroxy-2-propionylcyclohex-2-en-1-one to the corresponding oxime with subsequent O-alkylation of the oxime by an (E)-3-chloroallyl group. It is used as a itive postemergence herbicide for the control of annual and perennial grasses in numerous crops, including alfalfa, celery, clover, conifers, cotton, cranberries, garlic, onions, ornamentals, peanuts, soybeans, strawberries, sugarbeet, sunflowers, and vegetables; the (-)-enantiomer has been reported to be more active than the (+)-enantiomer. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor. It is an organic sulfide, a cyclic ketone, an organochlorine compound, an oxime O-ether, a beta-diketone and an enol. 
it, also known as fema 3492, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a coconut, cognac, and fatty tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages and coriander. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a methoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7, 8, 2', 4' and 5'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a flavone. 
it is the anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 5-dehydro-4-deoxy-D-glucuronic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 5-dehydro-4-deoxy-D-glucuronic acid. 
it is conjugate base of L-2-aminoadipic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a L-2-aminoadipic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid that is the N-methyl derivative of 5,6,6a,7-tetrahydro-4H-dibenzo[de,g]quinoline. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid fundamental parent, an it alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. 
Hexadecyl sulfate, [sodium salt] appears as white paste or liquid with a mild odor. May float or sink in water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is found in laxative products. Sodium it is a used to treat constipation or induce colon cleansing to prepare the large bowels before colonoscopy or surgery. The combination product containing sodium it and magnesium citrate was introduced to the Canadian market in 2005 and has been used in European countries for many years. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the protons from the carboxy groups of fumaric acid by sodium ions. It has a role as a food acidity regulator. It contains a fumarate(2-). 
it is a glyceryl guaiacolate with expectorant effects. it increases respiratory tract mucus secretions, acts as an irritant to gastric vagal receptors and recruits efferent parasympathetic reflexes that cause glandular exocytosis. This agent reduces the viscosity of mucus secretion by reducing adhesiveness and surface tension as well as increasing hydration of mucus. it promotes the efficiency of the mucociliary mechanism important in removing accumulated secretions from the upper and lower airway. 
it is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is cyclohexanone in which one of the hydrogens at position 4 is substituted by a carboxylic acid group. It derives from a cyclohexanone and a cyclohexanecarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-oxocyclohexanecarboxylate. 
A complex structure that includes isoquinolines joined by a cyclic ester; it is a DNA-binding agent and guanine N2 alkylator derived from the marine tunicate, Ecteinascidia turbinata. Trabectedin is used for the treatment of advanced soft-tissue SARCOMA, after failure of ANTHRACYCLINES or IFOSFAMIDE drug therapy. 
it is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-(difluoromethyl)-1-methylpyrazole-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 3',4'-dichloro-5-fluorobiphenyl-2-amine. A fungicide for use in cereals for key stem and leaf disease control including strobilurin-resistant septoria. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic amide, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyrazoles, a member of biphenyls, a dichlorobenzene and an anilide fungicide. 
it, also known as 2-phenethyl methyl ether or methyl 2-phenethyl ether, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm it has a chrysanthemum, floral, and green taste. 
An ionophorous, polyether antibiotic from Streptomyces chartreusensis. It binds and transports CALCIUM and other divalent cations across membranes and uncouples oxidative phosphorylation while inhibiting ATPase of rat liver mitochondria. The substance is used mostly as a biochemical tool to study the role of divalent cations in various biological systems. 
it appears as a liquid or gas Boils at 10.4Â°F. Moderately toxic by inhalation. Narcotic in high concentrations. Used as a rocket propellant. Differs from nitromethane (H3CNO2). 
2,2'-[(2-amino-2-oxoethyl)imino]diacetic acid is a tricarboxylic acid amide that is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 6.6 at 20 â„ƒ. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a tricarboxylic acid amide and an it. It derives from a nitrilotriacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,2'-[(2-amino-2-oxoethyl)imino]diacetate(1-). 
it appears as white to yellowish-white fine crystalline powder. No odor or taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a sulfonamide, a member of thiadiazoles and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a diuretic, an anticonvulsant and an EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). It derives from a hydride of a 1,3,4-thiadiazole. it is a sulfonamide derivative with diuretic, antiglaucoma, and anticonvulsant properties. it is a non-competitive inhibitor of carbonic anhydrase, an enzyme found in cells in the proximal tube of the kidney, the eye, and glial cells. Inhibition of this enzyme in the kidney prevents excretion of hydrogen, leading to increased bicarbonate and cation excretion and increased urinary volume, which results in an alkaline diuresis. it reduces the concentration of bicarbonate, resulting in a decreased synthesis of aqueous humor in the eye, thereby lowering intraocular pressure. Although its mechanism of action is unknown, it has anti-convulsant properties resulting from indirect effects secondary to metabolic acidosis or direct effects on neuronal transmission. it also produces respiratory stimulant effects in response to changes to both carbon dioxide and oxygen tension levels within the lungs. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is oleanan-3-ol lacking the methyl group at position 14, with an alpha-methyl substituent at position 13 and a double bond between positions 14 and 15. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. 
Perboric acid is mainly found in its salt form of sodium perborate and it can be found as a monohydrate or tetrahydrate. It is one of the peroxy acid salts with very wide functionalities in industrial settings. Perboric acid in the form of sodium perborate is approved by Health Canada since 2004 to be used as a disinfectant of medical instruments. By the FDA, sodium perborate is approved as an ointment for the protection of poison ivy dermatitis. 
it appears as a yellow colored liquid with an obnoxious odor. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. May irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May decompose to toxic oxides of sulfur when heated to high temperatures. Used to make other chemicals. 
Ac-Asp-Glu is a dipeptide composed of N-acetyl-L-aspartic acid and L-glutamic acid joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a N-acetyl-L-aspartic acid and a L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an Ac-Asp-Glu(3-). 
it is an anthracenetriol having the three hydroxy substituents at the 1-, 2- and 10-positions. It has a role as an allergen. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxepanes. Oxepanes are compounds containing an oxepane ring, which is a seven-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen and six carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that is demethoxymatteucinol with an additional hydroxy group at position 2'. Isolated from Pisonia aculeata, it exhibits antitubercular activity. It has a role as an antitubercular agent and a plant metabolite. It derives from a matteucinol. 
it is an N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminide in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 2-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a C-nitro compound and a N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminide. It derives from a 2-nitrophenol. 
Esit is the magnesium salt of esomeprazole, the S-isomer of omeprazole, with gastric proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, esomeprazole is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulphenamide; the active sulphenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. Omeprazole Magnesium is the magnesium salt form of a benzimidazole with selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, omeprazole is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulfenamide; the active sulfenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. 
it is a nitrile that is phenylacetonitrile in which one of the alpha-hydrogens is replaced by an amino group. It is a nitrile and a primary amino compound. It derives from a phenylacetonitrile. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 6-(dimethylamino)-N,N-dimethyl-3H-xanthen-3-iminium as the cation. Used with methyl green to selectively demonstrate RNA (red) in contrast to DNA (green) with the Unna-Pappenheim method. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an iminium salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains a it cation. 
Rhodamine 123 is an organic chloride salt and a xanthene dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a rhodamine 123(1+). 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as toluenes. Toluenes are compounds containing a benzene ring which bears a methane group (Â±)-it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (Â±)-it can be found in green vegetables. This makes (Â±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N-tert-butyl-N'-ethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a methoxy group at position 6. It is an agrochemical used as a herbicide. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. 
Very toxic polypeptide isolated mainly from AMANITA phalloides (Agaricaceae) or death cup; causes fatal liver, kidney and CNS damage in mushroom poisoning; used in the study of liver damage. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is isoflavanone with hydroxy substituents at positions 5, 7, 2' and 4' and a prenyl group at position 8. It has a role as a phytoalexin, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it-7-olate. 
it is a rare, non-protein amino acid and end-product of pyrimidine metabolism, excreted in urine and found in some antibiotics of fungal origin. With the exception of a few bacteria, it is non-metabolisable, and therefore used in bioassays. It derives from a propionic acid and an isobutyric acid. 
it is the gluconate salt form of quinidine, an alkaloid with antimalarial and antiarrhythmic (Class la) properties. it exerts its anti-malarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the hemepolymer (hemozoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. it exerts its antiarrhythmic effects by depressing the flow of sodium ions into cells during phase 0 of the cardiac action potential, thereby slowing the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node, reducing the maximal rate of phase 0 depolarization and prolonging the refractory period. it also reduces the slope of phase 4 depolarization in Purkinje-fibres resulting in slowed conduction and reduced automaticity in the heart. 
Fagopyritol a1, also known as 6 beta-galactinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. Fagopyritol a1 is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, fagopyritol A1 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, fagopyritol A1 can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes fagopyritol A1 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an amino acid amide obtained by the formal condensation of 2,6-dimethylaniline with N-(3,5-dimethylphenyl)glycine. It is a glycine derivative and an amino acid amide. It derives from a glycinamide, a 2,6-dimethylaniline and a N-(3,5-dimethylphenyl)glycine. 
3-Acetyl-2, 5-dimethylthiophene, also known as 1-(2, 5-dimethyl-3-thienyl)-ethanone or 2, 5-dimethyl-3-acetylthiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 3-Acetyl-2, 5-dimethylthiophene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-acetyl-2, 5-dimethylthiophene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-Acetyl-2, 5-dimethylthiophene has a burnt, meaty, and roasted taste. 
A mycotoxin with antibiotic and carcinogenic activity produced by various strains of PENICILLIUM and ASPERGILLUS. It has been found in tobacco, sausages, and corn. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl coas. These are acyl-CoAs carrying a 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as fema 3292, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, earthy, and herbal taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a synthetic piperidine derivative with antihistamine properties. it is a second generation histamine-1 receptor antagonist. When applied locally into the eye as a topical solution, this agent reduces itching, rhinorrhea and symptoms of allergic rhinitis or conjunctivitis. 
it is a phosphonic ester, an organic phosphonate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and a nematicide. 
it is a piperidinecarboxylate ester that is piperidine which is substituted by a methyl group at position 1 and by phenyl and ethoxycarbonyl groups at position 4. It is an analgesic which is used for the treatment of moderate to severe pain, including postoperative pain and labour pain. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a kappa-opioid receptor agonist, a mu-opioid receptor agonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is an ethyl ester, a piperidinecarboxylate ester and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a ite(1+). it is a synthetic piperidine ester with opioid analgesic activity. it mimics the actions of endogenous neuropeptides via opioid receptors, thereby producing the characteristic morphine-like effects on the mu-opioid receptor, including analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia and physical dependence. 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-naphthoquinones that is 1,4-naphthoquinone which is substituted at position 2 by a methyl group. It is used as a nutritional supplement and for the treatment of hypoprothrombinemia. It has a role as a nutraceutical. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety (Â±)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the simplest member of the class of benzoyl-CoAs that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of benzoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a benzoyl-CoA(4-). 
Coenzyme M is an organosulfonic acid consisting of sulfonic acid having a 2-mercaptoethyl group attached to sulfur. It has a role as a coenzyme. It is an organosulfonic acid and a thiol. It is a conjugate acid of a coenzyme M(1-). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweet chloroform-like odor. Denser than water (density 1.991 g / cm3) and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Boiling point 68Â°C. Vapors may cause illness if inhaled. Nonflammable. When exposed to high temperatures may emit toxic fumes. Used as a fire extinguishing agent. it is a halomethane that is chloromethane in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a bromine atom. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as macrolides and analogues. These are organic compounds containing a lactone ring of at least twelve members. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, ambrette, and floral taste. 
N-(N-(N(2)-(N-(N-(N-(N-D-Alanyl L-seryl)-L-threonyl)-L-threonyl) L-threonyl)-L-asparaginyl)-L-tyrosyl) L-threonine. Octapeptide sharing sequence homology with HIV envelope protein gp120. It is potentially useful as antiviral agent in AIDS therapy. The core pentapeptide sequence, TTNYT, consisting of amino acids 4-8 in peptide T, is the HIV envelope sequence required for attachment to the CD4 receptor. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline-2,4-diamine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the amino group at position 2 is replaced by a 3-chloro-4-methylphenyl group. It has been found to stimulate the immune defences of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, so affording protection from bacterial infection. It has a role as an immunomodulator. It is a member of quinazolines, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound, a substituted aniline and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a fuming liquid. It may be corrosive to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. This material may be toxic by inhalation. It is used as a catalyst in chemical reactions. 
it is a docosanoid that is (8Z,10E,14E,16Z,19Z)-docosapentaenoic acid carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 7, 12 and 13. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a docosanoid, a resolvin and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Methscopolamine Bromide is the bromide salt form of methscopolamine, a quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine with anticholinergic properties. Methscopolamine bromide exerts its effect on muscarine receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, thereby blocking the actions of acetylcholine. This leads to an inhibition of gastric secretions and gastrointestinal motility. 
Disodium PIPES is an organic salt, being the disodium salt of 2,2'-piperazine-1,4-diylbisethanesulfonic acid (PIPES), a buffering agent. It has a role as a buffer. It contains a 2,2'-piperazine-1,4-diylbisethanesulfonate. 
it is a C27, very long straight-chain, saturated fatty acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a very long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a heptacosanoate. 
it is a biaryl that is phenol which is substituted at position 2 by a 1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl group. Formerly used as a hypnotic drug. It has a role as a sedative. It is a member of 1,3,4-oxadiazoles, a member of phenols and a biaryl. 
it is the sulfate salt form of quinidine, an alkaloid with antimalarial and antiarrhythmic (Class la) properties. it exerts its anti-malarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the hemepolymer (hemozoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. it exerts its antiarrhythmic effects by depressing the flow of sodium ions into cells during phase 0 of the cardiac action potential, thereby slowing the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node, reducing the rate of phase 0 depolarization and prolonging the refractory period. it also reduces the slope of phase 4 depolarization in Purkinje-fibres resulting in slowed conduction and reduced automaticity in the heart. 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid that is the biaryl resulting from substitution of the hydrogen at the 5-position of (1R,3R)-1,3-dimethyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-8-ol by a 5-hydroxy-4-methoxy-2-methylnaphthalen-1-yl group. It is a naphthylisoquinoline alkaloid isolated from the roots and stem barks of Triphyophyllum peltatum and exhibits antimalarial activity. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antiplasmodial drug and a metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, an aromatic ether, a member of naphthols, a member of methylnaphthalenes, a methoxynaphthalene, a member of isoquinolines and a biaryl. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid substituted at position 2 by a 2-(4-chlorophenyl)-1,3-benzoxazol-5-yl group. It was used as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug until 1982 when it was withdrawn from the market due to adverse side-effects including liver necrosis, photosensitivity, and carcinogenicity in animals. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an antipyretic, a non-narcotic analgesic, a protein kinase C agonist, a hepatotoxic agent, an antipsoriatic and a nephrotoxin. It is a member of 1,3-benzoxazoles, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a propionic acid. 
Ethyl 3-methylbutyl butanedioate is a dieter obtained by the forma condensation of the two carboxy groups of succinic acid with ethanol and 3-methylbutanol respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a diester, a member of dicarboxylic acids and O-substituted derivatives and a succinate ester. It derives from a succinic acid. 
it is an N-alkylpiperazine that consists of piperazine bearing 2-bis(4-fluorophenyl)methoxy]ethyl and 3-phenylpropyl groups at positions 1 and 4 respectively. Potent, competitive inhibitor of dopamine uptake (Ki = 1 nM for inhibition of striatal dopamine uptake). Has > 100-fold lower affinity for the noradrenalin and 5-HT uptake carriers. Also a potent sigma ligand (IC50 = 48 nM). Centrally active following systemic administration. It has a role as a dopamine uptake inhibitor. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, an organofluorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and an ether. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
4-(Dimethyl-oxo-Î»âµ-azanyl)-3-methyl-1, 2-diphenylbutan-2-yl propanoate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. 4-(Dimethyl-oxo-Î»âµ-azanyl)-3-methyl-1, 2-diphenylbutan-2-yl propanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid consisting of a valeric acid core with the two oxo groups at the 4- and 5-positions. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4,5-dioxopentanoate. 
it is a 1-aminopropan-2-yl phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-1-ammoniopropan-2-yl phosphate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-1-aminopropan-2-yl phosphate. 
Ascorbigen belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isosorbides. These are organic polycyclic compounds containing an isosorbide(1, 4-Dianhydrosorbitol) moiety, which consists of two -oxolan-3-ol rings. Ascorbigen is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ascorbigen is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ascorbigen can be found in bitter gourd, brassicas, guava, and mung bean. This makes ascorbigen a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a bromo fatty acid that is decanoic acid carrying a single bromo substituent at position 2. It is a bromo fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid, a straight-chain fatty acid and a 2-bromocarboxylic acid. 
it is a member of the class of benzotriazines that is 1,2-dihydro-1,2,4-benzotriazine bearing a dimethylamino substitutent at position 3 and a methyl substituent at position 7 and in which the nitrogens at positions 1 and 2 are both acylated by a carboxy group of propylmalonic acid. It has a role as a uricosuric drug and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2,4-benzotriazine. 
it is a benzopteridine that is riboflavin in which the methyl group at position 8 has been replaced by an amino group. It is a benzopteridine, an aromatic amine, a tetrol and a primary amino compound. It derives from a riboflavin. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a beta-D-glucoside that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 2-naphthyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a member of naphthalenes. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
it, also known as curvacin a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aspartic acid and derivatives. Aspartic acid and derivatives are compounds containing an aspartic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of aspartic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
2, 5-Dihydro-2, 4-dimethyloxazole, also known as 2, 4-dimethyl-3-oxazoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxazolines. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-oxazoline, a five-membered ring with a nitrogen and an oxygen atoms at the 1- and 3-position, respectively. Additionally, it contains two double bonds. 2, 5-Dihydro-2, 4-dimethyloxazole is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dihydro-2, 4-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 5-dihydro-2, 4-dimethyloxazole can be found in nuts. This makes 2, 5-dihydro-2, 4-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a peppermint odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a member of the class of methylpyridines that is pyridine carrying methyl substituents at positions 2 and 6. It derives from a hydride of a pyridine. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of trimethobenzamide, a benzamide derivative with an antiemetic property. Although the mechanism of action is largely unknown, it inhibits the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ), an area in the medulla oblongata through which emetic impulses are conveyed to the vomiting center, thereby suppressing nausea and vomiting. 
it is a naphthalenecarboxamide obtained from formal condensation of the carboxy group of aminocyclopropyl)methoxy]-6-methoxyquinolin-4-yl}oxy)-1-naphthoic acid with methylamine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist and a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of quinolines, an aromatic ether, a member of cyclopropanes, a primary amino compound and a naphthalenecarboxamide. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a novel dual inhibitor targeting human vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFRs) and fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFRs) with antiangiogenic activity. it inhibits VEGFR-1, -2, -3 and FGFR-1, -2 kinases in the nM range, which may result in the inhibition of tumor angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation, and the induction of tumor cell death. Both VEGFRs and FGFRs belong to the family of receptor tyrosine kinases that may be upregulated in various tumor cell types. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is the disodium salt of a nitrogen-free bisphosphonate analog of naturally occurring pyrophosphate. Clodronate binds to calcium and inhibits osteoclastic bone resorption and hydroxyapatite crystal formation and dissolution, resulting in a reduction of bone turnover. This agent may control malignancy-associated hypercalcemia, inhibit osteolytic bone metastasis and decrease pain. 
it is the monomethanesulfonic acid salt of delavirdine, a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor with activity specific for HIV-1. Viral resistance emerges rapidly when delavirdine is used alone, so it is therefore used (as the methanesulfonic acid salt) with other antiretrovirals for combination therapy of HIV infection. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It contains a delavirdine. it is a mesylate salt form of delavirdine, a synthetic, non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. In combination with other anti-retroviral drugs, this agent has been shown to reduce HIV viral load and increase CD4 leukocyte counts in patients. As an inhibitor of the cytochrome P450 system, delavirdine may result in increased serum levels of co-administered protease inhibitors metabolized by the cytochrome P450 system. 
cis-Goniothalamicin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. cis-Goniothalamicin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. cis-Goniothalamicin has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cis-goniothalamicin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cis-goniothalamicin can be found in fruits. This makes cis-goniothalamicin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as fema 2638, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a bergamot, broom, and gardenia tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices and mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1-{2-[(7-chloro-1-benzothiophen-3-yl)methoxy]-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl}imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles that carries a 2-[(7-chloro-1-benzothiophen-3-yl)methoxy]-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl group at position 1. It is a dichlorobenzene, an ether, a member of imidazoles and a member of 1-benzothiophenes. it is a synthetic imidazole derivative, containing a benzothiophene ring, with antifungal, antibacterial, anti-inflammatory and anti-pruritic activity. Besides its ability to inhibit the synthesis of ergosterol, the benzothiophene ring of it is able to insert into the fungal cell wall instead of tryptophan. This increases the permeability of the cell wall. In addition, it suppresses the release of cytokines. 
it is an optically active form of allantoin having (R)-(-)-configuration. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-(+)-allantoin. 
it is a triol comprising heptane substituted with hydroxy groups at C-1, -2 and -3. It derives from a hydride of a heptane. 
it is a proanthocyanidin found in Cinnamomum cassia and Cinnamomum zeylanicum. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 
it, also known as alpha-isobutylphenethyl alcohol or benzylisobutylcarbinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as dimethylthiofuran or fema 3949, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-3-methylthiofuran is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a beefy, cheese, and coffee tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-methyl-3-methylthiofuran a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound resulting from the formal condensation of the oxo group of cytidine to the 2' position with loss of water to give the corresponding cyclic ether. A prodrug, it is metabolised to the antineoplastic agent cytarabine, so is used to maintain a more constant antineoplastic action. It has a role as a prodrug, an antimetabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound and a diol. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a cytarabine congener prodrug with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it is slowly hydrolyzed into cytarabine, which is converted to the active triphosphate form and competes with deoxycytidine triphosphate for incorporation into DNA. Because the arabinose sugar sterically hinders the rotation of the molecule within DNA, DNA replication ceases, specifically during the S phase of the cell cycle. This agent also inhibits DNA and RNA polymerases, resulting in a decrease in cell growth. Compared to cytarabine, a more prolonged, consistent cytarabine-mediated therapeutic effect may be achieved with it because of the slow hydrolytic conversion of it to cytarabine. 
Heptafluoropropane appears as a nonflammable compressed gas. Heavier than air. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air, especially in a confined space. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used as a refrigerant. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Citral appears as a clear yellow colored liquid with a lemon-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is an enal that is 3,7-dimethyloctanal with unsaturation at positions C-2 and C-6. It has been isolated form the essential oils of plant species like lemon. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is an enal and a monoterpenoid. 
N-methyl-4-phenylpyridinium is a pyridinium ion that is N-methylpyridinium having a phenyl substituent at the 4-position. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a herbicide, an apoptosis inducer and a neurotoxin. 
it is a hydroxypyridine that is pyridin-2-ol substituted by chloro groups at positions 3,5 and 6. It is a metabolite of the agrochemical chlorpyrifos. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a chloropyridine and a hydroxypyridine. It is a tautomer of a 3,5,6-trichloropyridine-2-one. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridoacridines. Pyridoacridines are compounds containing a pyridoacridine ring system, which consists of a pyridine fused to an acridine. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-valine residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-valine. 
it is a methylpyridine that is 2-methylpyridine substituted by a hydroxy group at C-3, a carboxy group at C-4, and a hydroxymethyl group at C-5. It is the catabolic product of vitamin B6 and is excreted in the urine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of methylpyridines, a hydroxymethylpyridine, a monohydroxypyridine and a vitamin B6. It derives from an isonicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-pyridoxate. 
it is a D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate(4-) that is the conjugate base of beta-D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate. It derives from a beta-D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate base of a beta-D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate. 
Technetium Tc-99m it (commonly it) is a pharmaceutical agent used in nuclear medicine imaging. The drug is a coordination complex consisting of the radioisotope technetium-99m bound to six methoxyisobutylisonitrile (MIBI) ligands, hence the name sesta (6) MIBI.. Following intravenous injection of the drug, Technetium Tc-99m it is taken up by the myocardium, parathyroid, and/or breast tissue. The mechanism by which it localizes to these tissues has not been established. Single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is then performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.  Currently available within a preparation kit for injection, Technetium Tc 99m it is indicated for: 1) detecting coronary artery disease by localizing myocardial ischemia (reversible defects) and infarction (non-reversible defects); and 2) evaluating myocardial function and developing information for use in patient management decisions. 
it is a white to light tan waxy looking solid. Noncombustible. Insoluble in water. Can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. The primary hazard is the threat posed to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used as an insecticide. it is a cyclodiene organochlorine insecticide that is 3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydro-1H-4,7-methanoindene substituted by chlorine atoms at positions 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 8. Formerly used to kill termites, ants and other insects in agricultural and domestic situations. It has a role as a GABA-gated chloride channel antagonist, an agrochemical, an antibacterial agent, a persistent organic pollutant and an antifungal agent. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-indene. 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Flash point 55Â°F. Boiling point 195Â°F. Very be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make plastics and coatings. 
it is a synthetic visual lymphatic imaging agent. Injected into the periphery of the tumor site, it localizes to the lymphatic system and aids in the surgical identification of tumor sentinel nodes which stain blue. (NCI04) 
it is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid that is berbamunine in which the methyl group is replaced with a hydrogen on one of the tetrahydroisoquinolinol rings. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a benzyltetrahydroisoquinoline, an isoquinolinol and a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid. It derives from a berbamunine. 
it is an aldehyde that is furan substituted by a formyl group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of furans and an aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a furan. 
it is a diterpenoid having an aconitane skeleton bearing multiple substituents. It is a carboxylic ester, a dicarboxylic acid diamide and a diterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
Delta-cadinene is a member of the cadinene family of sesquiterpenes in which the double bonds are located at the 4-4a and 7-8 positions, and in which the isopropyl group at position 1 is cis to the hydrogen at the adjacent bridgehead carbon (position 8a). It is a cadinene and a member of hexahydronaphthalenes. 
Estrone 3-O-(beta-D-glucuronide) is the 3-beta-D-glucuronide of estrone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid and a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It derives from an estrone. It is a conjugate acid of an estrone 3-O-(beta-D-glucuronide)(1-). 
Adenosine 2', 3'-cyclic phosphate, also known as 2', 3'-cyclic AMP or adenosine cyclic 2', 3'-monophosphate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2', 3'-cyclic purine nucleotides. These are purine nucleotides in which the oxygen atoms linked to the C2 and C3 carbon atoms of the ribose moiety are both bonded the same phosphorus atom of the phosphate group. Adenosine 2', 3'-cyclic phosphate is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Adenosine 2', 3'-cyclic phosphate has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and blood. 
Kaempferol 3-O-beta-D-glucosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucoside is a sophoroside that is kaempferol attached to a beta-D-sophorosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a sophoroside. 
it is the tetrahydrate of the disodium salt of clodronic acid. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification, and is used as an adjunct in the treatment of severe hypercalcaemia associated with malignancy, and in the management of osteolytic lesions and bone pain associated with skeletal metastases. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent. It is a hydrate and a one-carbon compound. It contains a clodronic acid disodium salt. Clodronate Disodium is the disodium salt of a nitrogen-free bisphosphonate analog of naturally occurring pyrophosphate. Clodronate binds to calcium and inhibits osteoclastic bone resorption and hydroxyapatite crystal formation and dissolution, resulting in a reduction of bone turnover. This agent may control malignancy-associated hypercalcemia, inhibit osteolytic bone metastasis and decrease pain. 
it is a hydralazine and monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitor with antidepressant activity. it blocks the breakdown (oxidative deamination) of biogenic amines by inhibiting MAO, thereby increasing the concentrations of norepinephrine and 5-hydroxytrytamine (5-HT) at central aminergic receptors. These neurotransmitters are involved in sustaining mood and emotions. The down-regulation of central beta-adrenergic and serotonergic receptors by chronic inhibition of MAO may also contribute to the antidepressant effects seen by it. (NCI05) 
it appears as white to nearly-white microcrystalline powder or granules. Odorless. Melting point 211-212Â°C. Aqueous solutions are slightly alkaline. Slightly bitter, numbing taste. (R)-it is the R-enantiomer of it. It is a hormone secreted by the adrenal glands resulting in the 'fight-or-flight' response. It has a role as a hormone, an adrenergic agonist, a vasodilator agent, an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a bronchodilator agent, a vasoconstrictor agent, a beta-adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent, a mydriatic agent and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-it. Therapeutic it is the synthetic form of the naturally occurring sympathomimetic amine with vasoconstricting, intraocular pressure-reducing, and bronchodilating activities. By stimulating vascular alpha-adrenergic receptors, it causes vasoconstriction, thereby increasing vascular resistance and blood pressure. When administered in the conjunctiva, this agent binds to alpha-adrenergic receptors in the iris sphincter muscle, resulting in vasoconstriction, a decrease in the production of aqueous humor, and a lowering of intraocular pressure. Through its beta1 receptor-stimulating actions, it increases the force and rate of myocardial contraction and relaxes bronchial smooth muscle, resulting in bronchodilation. 
Hex-3-en-1-ol is a primary alcohol that is hex-3-ene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an alkenyl alcohol, a homoallylic alcohol, a primary alcohol and a volatile organic compound. 
it is an imidohydrazide resulting from the formal condensation of the hydrazide carbonyl group of N'-(p-chlorophenyl)-3,3-dimethyl-2-oxobutanehydrazide with the amino group of p-chloroaniline. A potent and selective antagonist of sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 3 (S1PR3). It has a role as a sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 3 antagonist. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and an imidohydrazide. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02332707 (Efficacy and Safety of Grazoprevir (MK-5172) and it (it) With Elbasvir (MK-8742) or Ruzasvir (MK-8408) for Chronic Hepatitis C Genotype (GT)1 and GT2 Infection (it-011)). 
it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic properties. it exerts its effects by interacting with specific cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
it is an organic anion that is the conjugate base of ethanol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an ethanol. 
1-acetylindole-3-carboxaldehyde is an N-acylindole that is N-acetylindole carrying an additional formyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a N-acylindole and an arenecarbaldehyde. 
it is a bianthracene homodimer composed of two nataloe-emodin moieties linked by an aryl-aryl bond. It is a secondary metabolite isolated from the fungal tomato pathogen Cladosporium fulvum. It has a role as a biological pigment and a fungal metabolite. It is a trihydroxyanthraquinone, a polyphenol and a member of bianthracenes. It derives from a nataloe-emodin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid that is the biaryl resulting from substitution of the hydrogen at the 7-position of (1R,3R)-1,3-dimethyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-8-ol by a 1-hydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)-8-methoxynaphthalen-5-yl group. It is a naphthylisoquinoline alkaloid found in Triphyophyllum peltatum. It has a role as an antimalarial and a metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. 
Salts and esters of ALGINIC ACID that are used as HYDROGELS; DENTAL IMPRESSION MATERIALS, and as absorbent materials for surgical dressings (BANDAGES, HYDROCOLLOID). They are also used to manufacture MICROSPHERES and NANOPARTICLES for DIAGNOSTIC REAGENT KITS and DRUG DELIVERY SYSTEMS. 
it is a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent that consists of a seven-membered nitrogen hetrocycle fused with two benzene rings. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent and a dibenzoazepine. 
it is a prednisolone compound having an alpha-chloro substituent at the 7-position and an alpha-methyl substituent at the 16-position. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an antipruritic drug. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a chlorinated steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a prednisolone. 
4,5,6,7-tetrachloro-2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one is a member of the class of 2-benzofurans that is 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one in which all or the hydrogens attached to the benzene ring are replaced by chlorines. A fungicide used for the control of rice blast, it is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a melanin synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a propan-1-ol, a gamma-lactone, a tetrachlorobenzene and an organic heterobicyclic compound. It derives from a 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one. 
Gadoxetate Disodium is a paramagnetic contrast agent consisting of the disodium salt of the gadolinium ion chelated with the lipophilic moiety ethoxybenzyl (EOB) bound to diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid (DTPA). When placed in a magnetic field, gadolinium produces a large magnetic moment and so a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons; as a result, the signal intensity of tissue images observed with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be enhanced. Because this agent is preferentially taken up by normal functioning hepatocytes, normal hepatic tissue is enhanced with MRI while tumor tissue is unenhanced. In addition, because this agent is excreted in the bile, it may be used to visualize the biliary system using MRI. 
it is a phytoecdysteroid that consists of 5beta-cholesta-8,14-dien-6-one bearing five hydroxy substituents at positions 2, 3, 20, 22 and 25. It is a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 26-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid and a phytoecdysteroid. 
it is a synthetic ten-membered oligopeptide comprising N-acetyl-3-(naphthalen-2-yl)-D-alanyl, 4-chloro-D-phenylalanyl, 3-(pyridin-3-yl)-D-alanyl, L-seryl, L-tyrosyl, N(5)-carbamoyl-D-ornithyl, L-leucyl, L-arginyl, L-prolyl, and D-alaninamide residues coupled in sequence. A gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist, it is used for treatment of infertility and of hormone-sensitive cancers of the prostate and breast. It has a role as a GnRH antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. it is a synthetic decapeptide which is structurally related to gonadotrophin-releasing hormone (luteinising-hormone releasing hormone). It acts as an LHRH antagonist. (from ASTA Medica) 
it is a uric acid. It is a tautomer of a 9H-purine-2,6,8-triol, a 1H-purine-2,6,8-triol, a 7H-purine-2,6,8-triol, a 2,6-dihydroxy-7,9-dihydro-8H-purin-8-one and a 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione. 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of sertraline and hydrogen chloride. A selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), it is administered orally as an antidepressant for the treatment of depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder. It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor and an antidepressant. It contains a sertraline(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of sertraline, a synthetic derivative of naphthalenamine with anti-serotoninergic and anti-depressant properties. Sertraline appears to selectively inhibit the neuronal uptake of serotonin, raising serotonin levels in the CNS. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 7.5 at 20 â„ƒ. It is a member of ethanolamines, an amino sulfonic acid and a it. It derives from a taurine. It is a tautomer of a N-tris(hydroxymethyl)methyl-2-ammonioethanesulfonate. 
N, 2, 3-Trimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)butanamide, also known as 2-isopropyl-N, 2, 3-trimethylbutanamide or fema 3804, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl amines. N-acyl amines are compounds containing a fatty acid moiety linked to an amine group through an ester linkage. Thus, N, 2, 3-trimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)butanamide is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. N, 2, 3-Trimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)butanamide exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). N, 2, 3-Trimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)butanamide has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, N, 2, 3-trimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)butanamide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, dioctyl hexanedioate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a mild and fatty taste. 
it is a beta-diketone that is curcumin in which both of the double bonds have been reduced to single bonds. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-diketone, a polyphenol and a diarylheptanoid. It derives from a curcumin. 
it is a it having (Z)-stereochemistry about all but one of the double bonds. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Tubocurarine Chloride is the chloride salt form of tubocurarine, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. Tubocurarine chloride competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxyl group of indole-3-carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate base of an indole-3-carboxylic acid. 
it is the sodium salt form of azathioprine, a pro-drug of purine analogue with immunosuppressive activity. Azathioprine is converted in vivo to its active metabolite 6-mercaptopurine (6-MP), which substitutes for the normal nucleoside and mistakenly gets incorporated into DNA sequences. This leads to inhibition of DNA, RNA, and protein synthesis. As a result, cell proliferation may be inhibited, particularly in lymphocytes and leukocytes. 
it is a secoiridoid glycoside that is the methyl ester of 3,4-dihydro-2H-pyran-5-carboxylic acid which is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 4 by hydroxy, ethylidene, and carboxymethyl groups, respectively and in which the anomeric hydroxy group at position 2 has been converted into its beta-D-glucoside and the carboxylic acid moiety of the carboxymethyl substituent has been converted to the corresponding 4-hydroxyphenethyl ester (the 2S,3E,4S stereoisomer). An important phenolic compound present in olive cultivars. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a secoiridoid glycoside, a methyl ester, a diester, a member of pyrans, a member of phenols and a beta-D-glucoside. 
it is a monohydroxypyridine that is pyridine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Ethyl hydroxy(phenyl)acetate is the ethyl ester of mandelic acid. It is an ethyl ester and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a mandelic acid. 
Chenodeoxycholic acid (chenodiol) is a primary bile acid, synthesized in the liver and present in high concentrations in bile that is used therapeutically to dissolve cholesterol gallstones. Chronic therapy is associated with transient elevations in serum aminotransferase levels in up to 30% of patients, but chenodiol has been linked to only rare instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a N-glycosyl-1,2,4-triazine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite and a drug metabolite. it is a synthetic triazine analogue of uridine with antimetabolite activity. it inhibits de novo pyrimidine synthesis and DNA synthesis and is converted intracellularly into mono, di, and triphosphate derivatives, which incorporate into RNA and inhibit protein synthesis. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 5. It derives from a hydride of an anthracene. 
it is a dTDP-4-acetamido-4,6-dideoxy-D-glucose in which the anomeric centre of the pyranose fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid having the carboxy group at the 4-position and four additional methyl substituents at positions 2, 2, 5 and 5. It has a role as an allergen. 
it is a piperidine alkaloid that is lythranidine with the hydroxy group C-10 esterified into an acetate and a methylene bridge formed between the hydroxy at C-9 and the piperidine nitrogen. It derives from a lythranidine. 
it is a dichlorobiphenyl that is chlorobenzene in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a 4-chlorophenyl group. It is a dichlorobiphenyl and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
Coprogen is an iron(III) hydroxamate isolated from fungi and bacteria including Penicillium species and Neurospora crassa. It is a growth factor for coprophilous fungi. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. It is a Fe(III)-complexed hydroxamate siderophore and a homoallylic alcohol. It contains a desferricoprogen(3-). 
Esketamine hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of esketamine. It has a role as an intravenous anaesthetic, a NMDA receptor antagonist and an analgesic. It contains an esketamine. 
it is the sodium salt form of chlorothiazide, a short-acting, benzothiadiazinesulfonamide derivative belonging to the class of thiazide diuretics. Chlorothiazide is excreted unchanged by the kidneys. 
A peptidohydrolytic enzyme that is formed from PREKALLIKREIN by FACTOR XIIA. It activates FACTOR XII; FACTOR VII; and PLASMINOGEN. It is selective for both ARGININE and to a lesser extent LYSINE bonds. EC 3.4.21.34. 
TETA is an azamacrocyle in which four nitrogen atoms at positions 1, 4, 8 and 11 of a fouteen-membered ring are each substituted with a carboxymethyl group. It has a role as a chelator. It derives from a hydride of a 1,4,8,11-tetraazacyclotetradecane. 
it is a dialkyl ketone with methyl and nonyl as the two alkyl groups. It has a role as a rodenticide and a plant metabolite. It is a dialkyl ketone and a methyl ketone. 
it is an ion of copper carrying a double positive charge. It has a role as a cofactor. It is a divalent metal cation, a copper cation and a monoatomic dication. 
1-methyl-N-[2-(4-methylpentan-2-yl)-3-thienyl]-3-(trifluoromethyl)pyrazole-4-carboxamide is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 1-methyl-3-(trifluoromethyl)pyrazole-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 2-(4-methylpentan-2-yl)thiophen-3-amine. It is an aromatic amide, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyrazoles and a member of thiophenes. 
An unsaturated, essential fatty acid. It is found in animal and human fat as well as in the liver, brain, and glandular organs, and is a constituent of animal phosphatides. It is formed by the synthesis from dietary linoleic acid and is a precursor in the biosynthesis of prostaglandins, thromboxanes, and leukotrienes. 
it is a D-glucopyranuronic acid in which the anomeric centre has beta-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-D-glucuronate. 
it is an N-sulfonylcarboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of o-naphthalen-2-ylcinnamic acid with the sulfonamide group of 5-bromo-2-methoxybenzenesulfonamide. It is a selective antagonist for the prostanoid receptor EP3, a prostaglandin receptor for prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has a role as a prostaglandin receptor antagonist. It is a N-sulfonylcarboxamide, a member of bromobenzenes and an aromatic ether. 
it appears as crystalline solid or very light yellow powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining amiloride with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It has a role as a diuretic and a sodium channel blocker. It contains an amiloride(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of amiloride, a synthetic pyrazine derivative with antikaliuretic and diuretic properties. Amiloride inhibits sodium channels located in the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the kidney, thereby preventing the absorption of sodium and increasing its excretion along with water, to produce naturesis. In response to the hypernatremic conditions in the kidney, the plasma membrane becomes hyperpolarized and electrochemical forces are reduced, which then prevents the excretion of potassium and hydrogen into the lumen. 
4-methoxyphenylethylamine is a primary amino compound consisting of ethylamine having a 4-methoxyphenyl substituent at the 2-position. It derives from a hydride of a 2-phenylethylamine. 
it is a gadolinium-based, hydrophilic, macrocyclic, electrically neutral contrast agent used in contrast-enhanced MRI (CE-MRI). it is a non-ionic, paramagnetic complex consisting of gadolinium (Gd3+) chelated with the macrocyclic compound dihydroxy-hydroxymethylpropyl-tetraazacyclododecane-triacetic acid (butrol). Following intravenous administration, it may increase MRI sensitivity for the detection of tumors and inflammatory and demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) that are associated with areas with blood-brain barrier defects due to altered perfusion or an enlarged extracellular space. This agent is eliminated in an unchanged form via the kidneys; extra-renal elimination is negligible. 
Androst-5-ene-3beta,17beta-diol is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is 3beta-hydroxyandrost-5-ene carrying an additional hydroxy group at position 17beta. It has a role as an androgen, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. it is a direct metabolite of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and a precursor for testosterone with immunostimulatory activity and minimal androgenic activity. it stimulates the differentiation of hematopoietic precursor cells into leukocytes and platelets, which can counteract the immunotoxicity of radiation exposure. 
it is a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of palmitoleic acid. It is an 11,12-saturated fatty acyl-CoA and a hexadecenoyl-CoA. It derives from a palmitoleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a peptide and carboxamide that is L-leucyl-L-phenylalaninamide, L-Leu-L-Phe-NH2, which has been acylated on the N-terminus by a Phe-Phe hydroxyethylene dipeptide isotere, 2R-benzyl-5S-tert-butoxycarbonylamino-4R-hydroxy-6-phenylhexanoic acid. Compounds based on the structure of it are potent inhibitors of gamma-secretase, which mediates the final catalytic step that generates the amyloid beta-peptide (Abeta), which assembles into the neurotoxic aggregates in the brains of sufferers of Alzheimer's disease. It has a role as a peptidomimetic and an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor. It is a secondary alcohol, a peptide, a carbamate ester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It contains a tert-butoxycarbonyl group. 
it appears as white crystalline solid shipped either as a solid or in solution. A confirmed carcinogen. Toxic by skin absorption. Less dense than water and soluble in water. May be toxic by ingestion. Used for sewage and waste treatment, to make dyes, adhesives. The solid is stable at room temperature, but upon melting may violently polymerize. Toxic, irritating to skin, eyes, etc. it is a member of the class of its that results from the formal condensation of acrylic acid with ammonia. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a neurotoxin, a mutagen, an alkylating agent and a Maillard reaction product. It is a N-acylammonia, a primary carboxamide and a member of its. It derives from an acrylic acid. it is a colorless, odorless, crystalline amide that polymerizes rapidly and can form as a byproduct during the heating of starch-rich foods to high temperatures. it is used in the production of polymers mainly in the water treatment industry, pulp and paper industry and textile treatment industry and is used as a laboratory reagent. The polymer is nontoxic, but exposure to the monomer can cause central and peripheral nervous system damage resulting in hallucinations, drowsiness and numbness in the hands and legs. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 1,12a-dihydrochromeno[4,5-bc][1]benzoxepin-7(2H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 8, a 2-hydroxypropan-2-yl group at position 1, a methyl group at position 4 and a prenyl group at position 9. Isolated from Aspergillus, it exhibits inhibitory activity against hepatitis C protease. It has a role as a hepatitis C protease inhibitor and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, a polyphenol, a cyclic ether and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is the 11-cis-isomer of retinyl palmitate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an 11-cis-retinol. 
it is an oxo carboxylic acid that is jasmonic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an oxo carboxylic acid, a member of cyclopentanones, a primary alcohol, an olefinic compound and a homoallylic alcohol. It derives from a jasmonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 12-hydroxyjasmonate. 
it is an organic calcium salt composed of calcium cations and atorvastatin anions in a 1:2 ratio. It contains an atorvastatin(1-). Atorvastatin Calcium Anhydrous is an anhydrous calcium salt form of atorvastin, a synthetic lipid-lowering agent. 
it is a UDP-amino sugar having 2-acetamido-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-xylo-hex-4-ulose as the amino sugar component. It is an UDP-amino sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazole substituted by a benzyl group. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent and a vasodilator agent. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 3-(dimethylamino)-7-(methylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium as the counterion. It is used in making azure eosin stains for blood smear staining and is an active metabolite of methylene blue. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome, a drug metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor, a cardioprotective agent and an antidepressant. It contains a 3-(dimethylamino)-7-(methylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium. 
it is a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone that is that is 3,5,6,8-tetrahydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone substituted by methyl and carboxy groups at positions 1 and 2 respectively. It is a natural dye isolated from the insect species Kermes ilices. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a dye. It is a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a kermesate. 
it is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid and an amino sulfonic acid. It derives from a cholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols that is benzyl alcohol in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 of the phenyl group are substituted by methoxy groups. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a member of benzyl alcohols, a primary alcohol and a dimethoxybenzene. 
Ubiquinone-7 is a compound whose structure comprises a 2,3-dimethoxy-5-methylbenzoquinone nucleus, common to ubiquinones; and a side chain of seven isoprenoid units. 
it appears as a crystalline solid, or a solid dissolved in a liquid. Denser than water. Contact may slightly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be slightly toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
L-fucopyranose is the pyranose form of it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it and a fucopyranose. 
it, also known as it or fema 2348, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cyclohexylethyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a green, mint, and plant taste. 
it is a member of the class of furans that is furan in which the hydrogen atom at position 2 has been replaced by an ethyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fragrance, a Maillard reaction product and a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of furans and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a furan. 
3-Oxohexanoyl-CoA, also known as it , belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. 3-Oxohexanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Oxohexanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-oxohexanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-Oxohexanoyl-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, 3-oxohexanoyl-CoA is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway. 3-Oxohexanoyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the glutaric aciduria type I pathway, long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (lcad), short chain acyl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (scad deficiency), and carnitine palmitoyl transferase deficiency (I). 
it is an aromatic ether that is quinoline substituted at position 6 by a methoxy group. It is a member of quinolines and an aromatic ether. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer. JAK2 Inhibitor it is an orally available small molecule targeting a subset of Janus-associated kinase (JAK) with potential antineoplastic activity. JAK2 inhibitor it selectively inhibits JAK2, thereby preventing the JAK/STAT (signal transducer and activator of transcription) signaling cascade, including activation of STAT3. This may lead to an induction of tumor cell apoptosis and a decrease in cellular proliferation. JAK2, often upregulated or mutated in a variety of cancer cells, mediates STAT3 activation and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation and survival. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of methacycline, a tetracycline antibiotic with broad-spectrum antibacterial and antiprotozoal activity. it is bacteriostatic and inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby preventing the addition of amino acids to the growing peptide chain. This tetracycline is active against a wide range of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. 
L-it, also known as alpha-amino-beta-(pyrazolyl-N)propionic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). L-it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, L-2-amino-3-(1-pyrazolyl)propanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, L-2-amino-3-(1-pyrazolyl)propanoic acid can be found in fruits. This makes L-2-amino-3-(1-pyrazolyl)propanoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of mebeverine, an orally bioavailable reserpine derivative and anticholinergic agent, with spasmolytic activity. Upon administration, mebeverine targets, binds to and blocks the muscarinic receptors on smooth muscle cells in target tissues, such as the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, uterus, gallbladder and bladder. This prevents smooth muscle contraction and relaxes smooth muscle. Additionally, this may prevent spasms, ease pain and cramps in the GI tract and improve incontinence. In addition, mebeverine stabilizes excitable membranes by decreasing the permeability of ion channels and preventing intracellular calcium accumulation. This agent also blocks noradrenaline reuptake by sympathetic nerve endings and exerts a local anesthetic effect. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Burns skin and eyes. Vapors are heavier than air. it is an acyclic carboxylic anhydride of isobutyric acid. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an isobutyric acid. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside that is ascr#18 in which the pro-R hydrogen that is beta to the carboxy group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans as well as the sour paste nematode, Panagrellus redivivus. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside, a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an ascr#18 and a (3R,10R)-3,10-dihydroxyundecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pterocarpans. These are benzo-pyrano-furano-benzene compounds, containing the 6H-[1]benzofuro[3, 2-c]chromene skeleton. They are derivatives of isoflavonoids. Thus, erybraedin a is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, erybraedin a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, erybraedin a can be found in lima bean and pulses. This makes erybraedin a a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of moexipril, a prodrug and non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it is hydrolized into its active form moexiprilat, which competitively inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the actions of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and leads to vasodilatation. It also prevents angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, thereby promoting diuresis and natriuresis. it also directly suppresses renin release. 
it is an organosulfinate oxoanion resulting from the deprotonation of the sulfinic acid moiety of methanesulfinic acid. It is a conjugate base of a methanesulfinic acid. 
it is a 5-methoxy-2-{[(4-methoxy-3,5-dimethylpyridin-2-yl)methyl]sulfinyl}-1H-benzimidazole that has R configuration at the sulfur atom. It is an enantiomer of an it. it is the S-isomer of omeprazole, with gastric proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, it is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulfenamide; the active sulfenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. 
it, also known as A-campholene acetic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monocyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing 1 ring in the isoprene chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-campholene acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a jammy and raspberry tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes Alpha-campholene acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. it is an orally-active polyphenolic aldehyde with potential antineoplastic activity. Derived primarily from unrefined cottonseed oil, it induces cell cycle arrest at the G0/G1 phase, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and inducing apoptosis. This agent also inhibits cell-signaling enzymes, resulting in inhibition of cell growth, and may act as a male contraceptive. 
Antidiuretic hormone, also known as vasopressin, is a nine amino acid peptide secreted from the posterior pituitary. Antidiuretic hormone binds to receptors in the distal or collecting tubules of the kidney and promotes reabsorbtion of water back into the circulation 
it, also known as fema 3751, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a cortex, fresh, and green taste. 
it is a it in which both stereocentres have R configuration. It derives from a (R,R)-chrysanthemal. It is a conjugate acid of a (R,R)-chrysanthemate. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
it is a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone that is 1,4-naphthoquinone in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 are substituted by methyl and hydroxy groups, respectively. It has a role as a metabolite, an immunological adjuvant, an anticoagulant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside having cytosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a cytosine. 
A pharmaceutical preparation containing a mixture of water-soluble, it derived wholly or in part from URINE of pregnant mares or synthetically from ESTRONE and EQUILIN. It contains a sodium-salt mixture of estrone sulfate (52-62%) and equilin sulfate (22-30%) with a total of the two between 80-88%. Other concomitant conjugates include 17-alpha-dihydroequilin, 17-alpha-estradiol, and 17-beta-dihydroequilin. The potency of the preparation is expressed in terms of an equivalent quantity of sodium estrone sulfate. 
it-OH, also known as it-NH2 or ac-SDKP, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion obtained by the protonation of the carboxy function of N(alpha),N(alpha),N(alpha)-trimethyl-L-histidine. It is a conjugate acid of a N(alpha),N(alpha),N(alpha)-trimethyl-L-histidine. 
it is a carboxylic ester that is the 4-(nitrooxy)butyl ester of sulindac. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, which also has anticancer activity. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. It is an organofluorine compound, a sulfoxide, a carboxylic ester and a nitrate ester. It derives from a sulindac. It derives from a hydride of an indene. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C22H24N2O4, originallly isolated from the seeds of Strychnos nux-vomica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a delta-lactam, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteroheptacyclic compound, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It derives from a strychnine. 
it is the methyl ester of indole-3-carboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of indoles and a methyl ester. It derives from an indole-3-carboxylic acid. 
it is a phenylalanine derivative resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of L-phenylalanine with the carboxy group of (3R)-5-chloro-8-hydroxy-3-methyl-1-oxo-3,4-dihydro-1H-2-benzopyran-7-carboxylic acid (itlpha). It is among the most widely occurring food-contaminating mycotoxins, produced by Aspergillus ochraceus, Aspergillus carbonarius and Penicillium verrucosum. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker, a mycotoxin, a nephrotoxin, a carcinogenic agent, a teratogenic agent, an Aspergillus metabolite and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a phenylalanine derivative, an organochlorine compound, a member of isochromanes, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a N-acyl-L-phenylalanine. It derives from an itlpha. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 2-hydroxyglutaric acid. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-2-hydroxyglutaric acid. 
it is a methoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7, 8, 3' and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a flavone. 
it is mixture of 20% (1R)-cis- (CHEBI:39372) and 80% (1R)-trans- (CHEBI:39373) isomers. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide. It is a member of cyclopropanes and an imidazolidinone. It contains a (1R)-cis-it and a (1R)-trans-it. It derives from a chrysanthemic acid. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy and phosphate groups of phosphoenolpyruvic acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a phosphoenolpyruvic acid. 
it is the furanose form of gulonolactone having L-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a L-gulonic acid. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is 5-nitroimidazole in which the hydrogens at positions 1 and 2 are replaced by 2-hydroxypropyl and methyl groups, respectively. It has a role as an epitope. It is a C-nitro compound, a member of imidazoles and a secondary alcohol. 
it is an isocyanide having a cyclohexyl group attached to nitrogen. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an aldotriose phosphate that is the 3-phospho derivative of glyceraldehyde. It is an important metabolic intermediate in several central metabolic pathways in all organisms. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an aldotriose phosphate and an aldehyde. It derives from a glyceraldehyde. It is a conjugate acid of a glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate(2-). 
it is a cyclosiloxane that is the octamethyl derivative of cyclotetrasiloxane. It is an organosilicon compound and a cyclosiloxane. It derives from a hydride of a cyclotetrasiloxane. 
it is a dithiol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as a human metabolite, a cofactor, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it appears as colorless crystals. Corrosive to metals. Used as an herbicide. it is a monocarboxylic acid that is lactic acid in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a 4-chloro-2-methylphenyl group. It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. 
it is a microcystin consisting of D-alanyl, L-leucyl, (3S)-3-methyl-D-beta-aspartyl, L-tryptophanyl, (2S,3S,4E,6E,8S,9S)-3-amino-4,5,6,7-tetradehydro-9-methoxy-2,6,8-trimethyl-10-phenyldecanoyl, D-gamma-glutamyl, and 2,3-didehydro-N-methylalanyl residues joined into a 25-membered macrocycle. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 
it is an Antifibrinolytic Agent. The physiologic effect of aprotinin is by means of Decreased Fibrinolysis. it is a single chain polypeptide isolated from bovine lung with antifibrinolytic and anti-inflammatory activities. As a broad-spectrum serine protease inhibitor, aprotinin bovine competitively and reversibly inhibits the activity of a number of different esterases and proteases, including trypsin, chymotrypsin, kallikrein, plasmin, tissue plasminogen activator, and tissue and leukocytic proteinases, resulting in attenuation of the systemic inflammatory response (SIR), fibrinolysis, and thrombin generation. This agent also inhibits pro-inflammatory cytokine release and maintains glycoprotein homeostasis. 
it, also known as farnesylacetic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it has an oily and wax taste. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02179008 (Multi-center Phase II Study Assessing the Safety and Efficacy of it Ophthalmic Solution in Subjects With Primary Open-angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension). 
it is an amino acid amide in which N-propyl-DL-alanine and 2-methylaniline have combined to form the amide bond; used as a local anaesthetic. It has a role as a local anaesthetic and an anticonvulsant. It is an amino acid amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a toluidine derivative and intermediate-acting amino amide with local anesthetic property. it stabilizes the neuronal membrane by preferential binding to and inhibiting depolarization of the voltage-gated sodium channel. This results in a decrease in membrane permeability and subsequent inhibition of the ionic sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses. 
it is the sodium salt form of alginic acid and gum mainly extracted from the cell walls of brown algae, with chelating activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to and blocks the intestinal absorption of various radioactive isotopes, such as radium Ra 226 (Ra-226) and strontium Sr 90 (Sr-90). 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of sarcosine, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a sarcosine. 
An imidazoline sympatholytic agent that stimulates ALPHA-2 ADRENERGIC RECEPTORS and central IMIDAZOLINE RECEPTORS. It is commonly used in the management of HYPERTENSION. 
it is an N-acetyl-amino acid that is the N(alpha)-acetyl derivative of citrulline. It is a member of ureas, a monocarboxylic acid and a N-acetyl-amino acid. It derives from a citrulline. 
it is a phenylacetic acid substituted at positions 3 and 4 by methoxy groups. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenylacetic acids. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is 4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid which is substituted on the nitrogen by a cyclopropyl group and at positions 6, 7, and 8 by fluoro, 3-methylpiperazin-1-yl, and methoxy groups, respectively. it is an antibiotic of the fourth-generation fluoroquinolone family, that like other members of that family, inhibits the bacterial topoisomerase type-II enzymes. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor and an antimicrobial agent. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a N-arylpiperazine, an organofluorine compound, a quinolone and a quinolone antibiotic. it is a synthetic 8-methoxyfluoroquinolone with antibacterial activity against a wide range of gram-negative and gram-positive microorganisms. it exerts its effect through inhibition of DNA gyrase, an enzyme involved in DNA replication, transcription and repair, and inhibition of topoisomerase IV, an enzyme involved in partitioning of chromosomal DNA during bacterial cell division. 
it , also known as L-B-aspartyl-L-aspartate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hybrid peptides. Hybrid peptides are compounds containing at least two different types of amino acids (alpha, beta, gamma, delta) linked to each other through a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a benzoate ester that is the isopropyl ester of salicylic acid. It is a benzoate ester, a member of phenols, a member of salicylates and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is a 7-deazaguanine ribonucleoside having 7-formamidino-7-deazaguanine as the nucleobase. It is found in the majority of archaeal tRNAs specifically at position 15 of the dihydrouridine loop (D-loop), a position not modified in either eukaryotic or bacterial tRNA. It derives from a 7-formamidino-7-deazaguanine. 
it is a natural analogue of actinomycin, a chromopeptide antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterial genus Streptomyces. it inhibits DNA replication as well as RNA and protein synthesis by various mechanisms including, intercalating into the minor groove of DNA and interfering with the function of topoisomerase II. In addition, it appears to block the interaction between the SH2 domain of growth factor receptor-bound protein-2 (GRB2) and the Src homology 2 domain containing transforming protein 1 adaptor protein SHC, which plays a key role in the Ras signaling pathway thereby halting cellular differentiation and proliferation. 
it is a penicillenic acid having a benzyl substituent at the 2-position on the oxazolone ring. It has a role as an allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a benzylpenicillenate. 
it is a member of the class of piperazines in which the two amino hydrogens of piperazine are replaced by 2-benzoylpropyl and 2-ethoxy-2-phenylethyl groups. It has a role as a mucolytic. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, an ether and an aromatic ketone. It is a conjugate base of an it(2+). 
Heptan-2-yl [(5-chloroquinolin-8-yl)oxy]acetate is a member of the class of quinolines that is quinoline which is substituted by a chloro group at position 5 and by a 2-[(heptan-2-yl)oxy]-2-oxoethoxy group at position 8. It is an aromatic ether, an organochlorine compound, a member of quinolines and a carboxylic ester. 
Methylallyl chloride appears as a colorless to straw-colored liquid with a sharp penetrating odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Flash point below 0Â°F. May be toxic by ingestion. Irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make plastics and pharmaceuticals. it is a synthetic, flammable, volatile, colorless to straw-colored liquid that is insoluble in water and soluble in chloroform, acetone, alcohol, ether and benzene. It is used primarily as a chemical intermediate in the production of carbofuran, a carbamate insecticide; used in the production of herbicides, plastics, pharmaceuticals, and other organic as well as an additive in textiles and perfumes. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of hydrochloric acid and other chlorinated compounds. Contact exposure of this substance causes irritation of the eyes and skin. Inhalation can lead to irritation of the respiratory tract and depression of the central nervous system. Breathing at high levels of it vapors may induce coughing, gasping, breathing difficulties and extreme respiratory distress, even coma. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is the isopropyl ester of prostaglandin F2alpha in which the pentyl group is replaced by a 3-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxymethyl group. A synthetic analogue of prostaglandin F2alpha, ophthalmic solutions of it are used as a topical medication for controlling the progression of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a pro-drug; the isopropyl ester group is hydrolysed by esterases in the cornea to the biologically active free acid, fluprostenol. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug, an antihypertensive agent, a prodrug, an ophthalmology drug and a prostaglandin receptor agonist. It is a prostaglandins Falpha, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a fluprostenol. it is a synthetic lipophilic isopropyl ester prodrug of the active compound it free acid, a prostaglandin F2alpha analog with anti-glaucoma property. Upon administration, it is hydrolysed to a free acid by corneal esterases, and then selectively stimulating the prostaglandin F (FP prostanoid) receptor, thereby increasing the uveoscleral outflow which leads to a reduction in intra-ocular pressure. 
2, 4, 6-Trimethyl-1, 3, 5-trithiane, also known as thioacetaldehyde or 1, 3, 5-trithiane, 2, 4, 6-trimethyl, #1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trithianes. These are organic compounds containing a six-member aliphatic saturated heterocycle made up of three sulfur atoms and three carbon atoms. 2, 4, 6-Trimethyl-1, 3, 5-trithiane exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 4, 6-trimethyl-1, 3, 5-trithiane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is acetoacetic acid which is substituted by an amino group at position 2. It is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a butyric acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specifed as cyclohex-1-en-1-ylcarbonyl. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it has been used in trials studying the other, basic science, and treatment of Pain Crisis, Renal impairment, Anemia, Sickle Cell, Sickle Cell Disease, and Sickle Cell Disorders, among others. it is a synthetic, glycomimetic molecule and pan-selectin antagonist, with potential use in a vaso-occlusive crisis. Upon administration, it prevents the interaction between leukocytes and the endothelium and may prevent cell activation and adhesion. By preventing selectin-mediated cell adhesion in sickle cell anemia, this agent may inhibit red blood cell-white blood cell interactions, normalize blood flow and reduce inflammation and vascular occlusive pain. it has the strongest antagonistic activity towards E-selectin but a sulfate-binding domain allows for interactions with P- and L-selectins. Selectins, containing lectin- and EGF-like domains, are a family of cell adhesion molecules implicated in inflammatory processes and cancer. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a hydroxy group and a hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
it is a member of the class of indoles that is indoline with hydroxy substituents at positions 5 and 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of indoles and a member of catechols. It derives from a hydride of an indoline. 
1-it is a monoterpenoid that is propanal substituted by a 4-methylcyclohex-3-en-1-yl group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid and an aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a p-menthane. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of (9Z)-12-hydroxyoctadec-9-enoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion and a hydroxy monounsaturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a (9Z)-12-hydroxyoctadec-9-enoic acid. 
it is an organotellurium compound in which the tellurium atom is covalently bonded to two methyl groups. A xenobiotic metabolite produced by certain strains of bacteria exposed to tellurium containing compounds. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is an orally available, synthetic benzenoid that acts as an agonist for the mu-opioid receptor (MOR) and inhibits the reuptake of noradrenaline, with potential anti-nociceptive activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to the MOR which enhances MOR-mediated signaling, interferes with the sensation of pain and results in an analgesic effect. it also inhibits the reuptake of noradrenaline, which increases the levels of noradrenaline (NA), activates the inhibitory alpha-2 receptors and results in an analgesic effect. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and a deoxyuridine phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is zwitterionic form of O-acetyl-L-homoserine having an anionic carboxy group and a protonated alpha-amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of an O-acetyl-L-homoserine. 
it is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is dihydrochalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4, 2', and 4' respectively. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent, an anti-asthmatic agent, an antioxidant and a metabolite. It is a polyphenol and a member of dihydrochalcones. It derives from a dihydrochalcone. 
4-fluoro-N-{2-[4-(7-methoxynaphthalen-1-yl)piperazin-1-yl]ethyl}benzamide hydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt that is obtained by reaction of 4-fluoro-N-{2-[4-(7-methoxynaphthalen-1-yl)piperazin-1-yl]ethyl}benzamide with one equivalent of hydrogen chloride. Highly potent selective 5-HT1A receptor full agonist (pKi values are 9.0, 6.6, 7.5, 6.6 and < 6.0 for 5-HT1A, 5-HT1B, 5-HT1C, 5-HT2 and 5-HT3 receptors respectively). Possibly binds between the agonist binding site and the G protein interaction switch site, affecting the activation mechanism, and may display positive cooperativity. Anxiolytic following central administration in vivo. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist and an anxiolytic drug. It contains a 4-fluoro-N-{2-[4-(7-methoxynaphthalen-1-yl)piperazin-1-yl]ethyl}benzamide(1+). 
it is a lignan that consists of tetrahydro-1H,3H-furo[3,4-c]furan substituted by 1,3-benzodioxole groups at positions 1 and 4 (the 1S,3aR,4S,6aR stereoisomer). Isolated from Cinnamomum camphora, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a neuroprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a member of benzodioxoles and a furofuran. 
it is an aromatic ether that is 1,3-diisopropyl-5-phenoxybenzene in which the hydrogen atom at position 2 is substituted by a (tert-butylcarbamothioyl)nitrilo group. An agricultural proinsecticide which is used to control mites, aphids and whitefly in cotton. It has a role as an oxidative phosphorylation inhibitor and a proinsecticide. It is a thiourea acaricide, a thiourea insecticide and an aromatic ether. It derives from a diphenyl ether. 
it has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Aging, Heart Failure, Physical Activity, Diabetic Nephropathy, and Cardiovascular Disease, among others. 
it is an acetate ester obtained by formal condensation between the 3-hydroxy group of (+)-taxifolin and acetic acid. It is an acetate ester, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a tetrahydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (+)-taxifolin. 
it is a semisynthetic cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1H-imidazole in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4, and 5 are replaced by 4-hydroxyphenyl, pyridin-4-yl, and 4-fluorophenyl groups, respectively. It is a widely used inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) alpha and beta. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of imidazoles, a member of phenols, a member of pyridines and an organofluorine compound. 
it appears as a viscous liquid. Slightly less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Corrosive to the eyes, skin, mouth, throat and stomach. Vapors irritate the eyes and corrosive to the upper respiratory tract. Vapors may irritate the eyes. Flash point 325Â°F. 
it is an it that is anthracene in which positions 9 and 10 have been oxidised to carbonyls. it is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon derived from anthracene or phthalic anhydride. it is used in the manufacture of dyes, in the textile and pulp industries, and as a bird repellant. 
it is a it flavone with methoxy groups at positions 4', 5, 6 , 7 and 8. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is an oxo monocarboxylic acid that consists of propionic acid substituted by a 3-benzoylphenyl group at position 2. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antipyretic, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a drug allergen. It is a member of benzophenones and an oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. it is a propionic acid derivate and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic effects. it inhibits the activity of the enzymes cyclo-oxygenase I and II, resulting in a decreased formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes. The resulting decrease in prostaglandin synthesis, by prostaglandin synthase, is responsible for the therapeutic effects of ibuprofen. it also causes a decrease in the formation of thromboxane A2 synthesis, by thromboxane synthase, thereby inhibiting platelet aggregation. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Obtained by neutralizing the base hydrazine with sulfuric acid. it is the synthetic sulfate salt of hydrazine, a derivative of ammonia. Hydrazine inhibits the enzyme phosphoenol pyruvate carboxykinase, thereby blocking gluconeogenesis. This agent has been reported to decrease the excessive energy needs and cachexia of cancer patients. Classified as a likely human carcinogen, it is also a weak inhibitor of mono-amine oxidase (MAO). (NCI04) 
Mitindomide is a bisdioxopiperazines analog with antineoplastic activity. Mitinomide inhibits topoisomerase II and slowly promotes DNA-interstrand cross-linking, thereby inhibiting DNA repair, RNA and protein synthesis. This agent acts without increasing topoisomerase II-DNA covalent cleavable complex formation, as do most topoisomerase inhibitors. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of pterocarpans that is (6aR,11aR)-pterocarpan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 9 and a prenyl group at position 10. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia and Non-dialysis-dependent Chronic Kidney Disease. it is an orally bioavailable, hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase (HIF-PH) inhibitor (HIF-PHI), with potential anti-anemic and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits HIF-PH, an enzyme responsible for the degradation of transcription factors in the HIF family under normal oxygen conditions. This prevents HIF breakdown and promotes HIF activity. Increased HIF activity leads to an increase in endogenous erythropoietin production, thereby enhancing erythropoiesis. It also reduces the expression of the peptide hormone hepcidin, improves iron availability, and boosts hemoglobin (Hb) levels. HIF regulates the expression of genes in response to reduced oxygen levels, including genes required for erythropoiesis and iron metabolism. In addition, HIF 1-alpha (HIF1A) may play a role in reducing inflammation during acute lung injury (ALI) through HIF-dependent control of glucose metabolism in the alveolar epithelium. 
it is a cyanine dye and an organic potassium salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a NIR-1(2-). 
Maduramicin is an antiprotozoal agent used in veterinary medicine as prophylaxis against coccidiosis. It is a naturally occurring compound which was first isolated from the actinomycete, Actinomadura rubra. 
it is a monoalkylglycerol that is glycerol which is substituted by a (5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)-icosa-5,8,11,14-tetraen-1-yl group at position 2. It is a monoalkylglycerol, an endocannabinoid and a 2-alkylglycerol. 
Tyrosyl-glycine, also known as it or tyr-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Tyrosyl-glycine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-threonine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-threonine. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound arising from formal [4+2]-cycloaddition of hexachlorocyclopentadiene to N-methylmaleimide. It has a role as an epitope. It is an organochlorine compound, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a bridged compound. It derives from a succinimide. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is paracetamol in which the hydroxy group has been replaced by a sulfooxy group. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of acetamides. It derives from a paracetamol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a green tasting compound that can be found in soft-necked garlic. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted by a benzylnitrilo group at position 4. It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound and a member of benzenes. 
it is a member of the class of resorcinols that is resorcinol which is substituted by a (2E)-3,7-dimethylocta-2,6-dien-1-yl group at position 2 and by a pentyl group at position 5. It is a natural product found in Cannabis sativa and Helichrysum species. It has a role as an appetite enhancer, a plant metabolite, a cannabinoid receptor agonist, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antibacterial agent, a neuroprotective agent and an antioxidant. It is a phytocannabinoid and a member of resorcinols. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Insoluble in water. Combustible, although difficult to ignite. Toxic by inhalation (dust, etc.). Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of 1-naphthol with methylcarbamic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical and a plant growth retardant. It is a carbamate ester and a member of naphthalenes. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 1-naphthol. it is a synthetic carbamate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and suspected endocrine disruptor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a toxic, white-grey odorless solid, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a biphenylyltetrazole that is losartan with the hydroxymethyl group at position 5 on the imidazole ring replaced with a carboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a biphenylyltetrazole, a member of imidazoles and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a losartan. 
Potassium cuprocyanide appears as a white crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion and inhalation. 
Non-ionic surfactant of the polyethylene glycol family. It is used as a solubilizer and emulsifying agent in foods, cosmetics, and pharmaceuticals, often as an ointment base, and also as a research tool. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid with formula C20H24O7, originally isolated from the roots and leaves of Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a rat metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an epoxide, a secondary alcohol, a tetracyclic diterpenoid, a primary alcohol and a diol. 
it is a branched C8 alkane, comprising heptane with a methyl group attached at C-4. It has been found in Amaranth seeds. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester obtained by formal condensation between 3-(2,2-dibromovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid and cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methanol. It is the active insecticide of the proinsecticide tralomethrin. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide, an agrochemical, an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor and a calcium channel agonist. It is an aromatic ether, an organobromine compound, a nitrile and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It derives from a cis-3-(2,2-dibromovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
3alpha,7beta-dihydroxy-12-oxo-5beta-cholanic acid is an oxo-5beta-cholanic acid that is ursodeoxycholic acid carrying an additional oxo substituent at position 12. It is an oxo-5beta-cholanic acid, a 12-oxo steroid, a 7beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid. It derives from an ursodeoxycholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3alpha,7beta-dihydroxy-12-oxo-5beta-cholanate. 
it is a congener of the antimetabolite fluorouracil with antineoplastic activity. it is a prodrug that is gradually converted to fluorouracil in the liver by the cytochrome P-450 enzyme. Subsequently, 5-FU is metabolized to two active metabolites, 5-fluoro-2-deoxyuridine monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP) by both tumor cells and normal cells. FdUMP inhibits DNA synthesis and cell division by inhibiting thymidylate synthase and reducing normal thymidine production, while FUTP inhibits RNA and protein synthesis by competing with uridine triphosphate. (NCI04) 
it is a pyridine-2-sulfonamide substituted at C-5 by a trifluoromethyl group and at the sulfonamide nitrogen by a dihydropyrone-containing m-tolyl substituent. It is an HIV-1 protease inhibitor. It has a role as a HIV protease inhibitor and an antiviral drug. it is a non-peptidomimetic agent that inhibits both wild type and drug resistant forms of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease. 
Ipratropium is a synthetic anticholinergic agent that is used as an inhalant for treatment of acute bronchospasm due to chronic bronchitis and emphysema. Ipratropium has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Ipratropium is a synthetic derivative of the alkaloid atropine with anticholinergic properties. Ipratropium antagonizes the actions of acetylcholine at parasympathetic postganglionic effector cell junctions. When inhaled, ipratropium binds competitively to cholinergic receptors in the bronchial smooth muscle thereby blocking the bronchoconstrictor actions of the acetylcholine (Ach) mediated vagal impulses. Inhibition of the vagal tone leads to dilation of the large central airways resulting in bronchodilation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dinitroanilines. These are organic compounds containing an aniline moiety, which is substituted at 2 positions by a nitro group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
Enediyne aminoglycosides derived from the bacterium MICROMONOSPORA ECHINOSPORA that are used as antineoplastic antibiotics. They bind to DNA in both healthy and tumor cells, resulting in strand scission and cell death. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid consisting of 2-oxoglutaric acid having a further carboxy group at the 3-position. It is a substrate of the citric acid cycle. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It derives from a 2-oxoglutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of an oxalatosuccinate(3-). 
it anhydrous is cytosine substituted at the 1 position by a 3-hydroxy-2-(phosphonomethoxy)propyl group (S configuration). A nucleoside analogue, it is an injectable antiviral used for the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in AIDS patients. It has a role as an antiviral drug, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-HIV agent and a photosensitizing agent. It is a pyrimidone and a member of phosphonic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-) and a it(1-). it Anhydrous is an anhydrous form of it, a synthetic, acyclic monophosphate nucleotide analog of deoxycytidine with antiviral activity, mostly used against cytomegalovirus (CMV). After incorporation into the host cell, it is phosphorylated by pyruvate kinases to its active metabolite it diphosphate. it diphosphate, bearing structural similarity to nucleotides, competes with deoxycytosine-5-triphosphate (dCTP) for viral DNA polymerase and gets incorporated into the growing viral DNA strands. As a result, it prevents further DNA polymerization and disrupts DNA replication of viruses. 
it is an N-acyl-D-glucosamine 1-phosphate where the N-acyl group is (R)-3-hydroxytetradecanoyl and carrying an additional (R)-3-hydroxytetradecanoyl group at the 3-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an organic sodium salt of prednisolone phosphate. It is an ophthalmology drug used for the treatment of short-term inflammatory eye conditions and helps relieve inflammation, redness and irritation of the eyes. It has a role as an ophthalmology drug, an anti-inflammatory agent, a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, a prodrug and an anti-allergic agent. It is an organic sodium salt and a glucocorticoid. It contains a prednisolone phosphate(2-). Prednisolone Sodium Phosphate is the sodium phosphate salt form of prednisolone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. As a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, prednisolone sodium phosphate binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors, and causes the ligand- receptor complex to be translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as various cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both potent mediators of inflammation. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cell populations. 
it is an organic bromide salt of propyromazine. It is a muscarinic antagonist which has antispasmodic potential. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains a propyromazine. 
it hydrochloride is an antibiotic belonging to the lincosamide class. Often marketed as Pirsue, this drug is used to treat mastitis in cattle. it is a derivative of clindamycin with a 6-membered ring replacing clindamycin's 5-membered ring. Compared to clindimycin, pirlimycin has increased activity against gram-positive bacteria, including Staphylococcus aureus and coagulase negative species of Staphylococcus and Streptococcus. This agent is primarily used in the treatment of mastitis in cattle. 
it is zwitterionic form of it having a anionic carboxy group and a cationic amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a it. 
it is a member of the class of its obtained by formal hydrogenation of the two vinyl groups in protoporphyrin. 
it is a gadolinium coordination entity consisting of a central Gd(III) atom bound to a macrocyclic tetraamine framework. It is used as a paramagnetic contrast agent in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). It has a role as a MRI contrast agent. it is a gadolinium-based, hydrophilic, macrocyclic, electrically neutral contrast agent used in contrast-enhanced MRI (CE-MRI). it is a non-ionic, paramagnetic complex consisting of gadolinium (Gd3+) chelated with the macrocyclic compound dihydroxy-hydroxymethylpropyl-tetraazacyclododecane-triacetic acid (butrol). Following intravenous administration, gadobutrol may increase MRI sensitivity for the detection of tumors and inflammatory and demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) that are associated with areas with blood-brain barrier defects due to altered perfusion or an enlarged extracellular space. This agent is eliminated in an unchanged form via the kidneys; extra-renal elimination is negligible. 
it is an ultra long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is the all-trans-isomer of it. It is an ultra-long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a member of its. 
it is a primary alcohol that is uracil bearing a hydroxymethyl substituent at the 5-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and a pyrimidone. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid consisting of maleic acid having a methyl substituent at the 2-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a maleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a citraconate(2-). 
it is an aza fatty acid anion and the conjugate base of 4-(methylamino)butyric acid. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-(methylamino)butyric acid. 
Prunin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid-7-o-glycosides. These are phenolic compounds containing a flavonoid moiety which is O-glycosidically linked to carbohydrate moiety at the C7-position. Prunin is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Prunin is a bitter tasting compound that can be found in almond, garden tomato (var. ), peach, and pine nut. This makes prunin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an anthocyanin cation that is petunidin substituted at position 3 by a beta-D-glucosyl residue It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is an anthocyanin cation, a beta-D-glucoside and an aromatic ether. It derives from a petunidin. 
it is a silyl chloride consisting of a central silicon atom covalently bound to one chloro, one tert-butyl and two methyl groups. it is a derivatisation agent used in gas chromatography/mass spectrometry applications. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. 
2-Ethyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole, also known as 4, 5-dimethyl-2-ethyloxazole or fema 3672, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2-Ethyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-ethyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Ethyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is a creamy, earthy, and green tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products and potato. This makes 2-ethyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamylphenols. These are organic compounds containing the 1, 3-diphenylpropene moiety with one benzene ring bearing one or more hydroxyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a C20-gibberellin, initially identified in Vicia faba, that is gibberellin A12 in which a hydroxy substituent is present at the 7alpha- position. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a C20-gibberellin and a dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
2, 6-Dimethoxy-4-methylphenol, also known as 2, 6-dimethoxy-p-cresol or 4-methyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 2, 6-Dimethoxy-4-methylphenol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethoxy-4-methylphenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 6-Dimethoxy-4-methylphenol is a caramel, eugenol, and medicinal tasting compound that can be found in fishes. This makes 2, 6-dimethoxy-4-methylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a synthetic form of the naturally occurring, endogenous opioid peptide, metenkephalin, and agonist of the zeta- and delta-opioid receptor and, to a lesser extent the mu-opioid receptor, with potential analgesic, neuromodulatory, immunomodulatory, anti-inflammatory, antinociceptive/analgesic, antidepressant, and gastrointestinal (GI) motility modulating activities. Upon administration, metenkefalin mimics its endogenous ligand and targets, binds to and activates the opioid receptors. This leads to an analgesic effect, inhibits neuropathic pain, and inhibits GI muscle contractility. Binding to the opioid growth factor receptor (OGFR; zeta-opioid receptor), enhances tissue growth and regeneration. In addition, activation of delta-opioid receptors located on a variety of immune cells may modulate the inflammatory immune response. This may inhibit the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines and the proliferation of leukocytes. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors. PI3K-alpha Inhibitor MEN1611 is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the class I phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase (PI3K) catalytic subunit alpha (PIK3CA), with potential antineoplastic activity. PI3K alpha inhibitor MEN1611 selectively binds to and inhibits PIK3CA and its mutated forms in the PI3K/Akt (protein kinase B)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway. This results in both apoptosis and growth inhibition in PIK3CA-expressing tumor cells. By specifically targeting PIK3CA, this agent may be more efficacious and less toxic than pan-PI3K inhibitors. In addition, MEN1611 also targets mutated forms of PI3K gamma (PI3Kg). MEN1611 may stimulate the immune system to restore CD8+ T-cell activation and cytotoxicity. Dysregulation of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway is often found in solid tumors and results in the promotion of tumor cell growth, survival, and resistance to chemo- and radio-therapy. PIK3CA, one of the most frequently mutated oncogenes, encodes the p110-alpha catalytic subunit of the class I PI3K. In most solid tumors, the activation of the PI3K pathway is induced by mutations of PIK3CA. 
it is a member of the class of isoquinolines that is isoquinoline-8-sulfonamide which is substituted by chlorine at position 5 and in which the sulfonamide nitrogen is substituted by a 2-aminoethyl group. It is an inhibitor of casein kinase I. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, a member of isoquinolines, an organochlorine compound and a primary amino compound. 
it is a member of the class of azetidines that is melagatran in which the carboxylic acid group has been converted to the corresponding ethyl ester and in which the amidine group has been converted into the corresponding amidoxime. A prodrug for melagatran, ximelagatran was the first orally available direct thrombin inhibitor to be brought to market as an anticoagulant, but was withdrawn in 2006 following reports of it causing liver damage. It has a role as an anticoagulant, a prodrug, an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor and a serine protease inhibitor. It is a member of azetidines, an amidoxime, a secondary amino compound, an ethyl ester, a carboxamide, a tertiary carboxamide and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a melagatran. It is a tautomer of a ximelagatran (hydroxylamine form). 
it is a methyl ketone that is octane substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as para cresols. Para cresols are compounds containing a para cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing one hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 4. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroid glucuronide conjugates. These are sterol lipids containing a glucuronide moiety linked to the steroid skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the D-enantiomer of xylulose 5-phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-xylulose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a L-xylulose 5-phosphate. 
it is a hydrazone obtained by formal condensation of the two carbonyl groups of methylglyoxal with the primary amino groups of two molecules of aminoguanidine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and an EC 4.1.1.50 (adenosylmethionine decarboxylase) inhibitor. It is a hydrazone and a member of guanidines. It derives from a methylglyoxal and an aminoguanidine. It is a conjugate base of a mitoguazone(2+). it is a guanylhydrazone with potential antineoplastic activity. it competitively inhibits S-adenosyl-L-methionine decarboxylase (SAMD), an enzyme involved in the synthesis of polyamines, resulting in decreased proliferation of tumor cells, antimitochondrial effects, and p53-independent apoptosis. Polyamines, specifically spermine and spermidine, are essential for thymidine kinase production, DNA synthesis, and cell proliferation. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
Romidepsin is an intravenously administered histone deacetylase inhibitor and antineoplastic agent that is approved for use in refractory or relapsed cutaneous and peripheral T cell lymphomas. Romidepsin is associated with modest rate of minor serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been linked to cases of clinically apparent liver injury, although it has been reported to cause reactivation of hepatitis B. Romidepsin is a bicyclic depsipeptide antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Chromobacterium violaceum with antineoplastic activity. After intracellular activation, romidepsin binds to and inhibits histone deacetylase (HDAC), resulting in alterations in gene expression and the induction of cell differentiation, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. This agent also inhibits hypoxia-induced angiogenesis and depletes several heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90)-dependent oncoproteins. 
it, also known as it or fema 3699, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isopropyl 2-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, ethereal, and fruity taste. 
it is a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. (NTP, 1992) it is an organochlorine compound mainly used as a chemical intermediate for the manufacture of propylene oxide. 
A complex of several closely related glycosidic antibiotics from Streptomyces griseus. The major component, it A3, is used as a fluorescent stain of DNA where it attaches and inhibits RNA synthesis. It is also used as an antineoplastic agent, especially for solid tumors. 
it is a 2-(2,6-dioxopiperidin-3-yl)-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione that has R-configuration at the chiral centre. It has a role as a sedative. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-thalidomide. 
8-Hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one, also known as it or daphnetin-7-methyl ether, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycoumarins. These are coumarins that contain one or more hydroxyl groups attached to the coumarin skeleton. 8-Hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 8-hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 8-hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one can be found in green vegetables. This makes 8-hydroxy-7-methoxy-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-b-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as harmala alkaloids. Harmala alkaloids are compounds with a structure based on harmaline, harmine, harmalol, harman or a derivative of those parents. These parents are beta-carbolines, consisting of a pyrimidine fused to the pyrrole moiety of an indole to form a pyrido[3, 4-b]indole. 1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-b-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-b-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-b-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-b-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a drug used in nuclear myocardial perfusion imaging. The radioisotope, technetium-99m, is chelated by two 1,2-bis[di-(2-ethoxyethyl)phosphino]ethane ligands which belong to the group of diphosphines and which are referred to as tetrofosmin. It is a lipophilic technetium phosphine dioxo cation that was formulated into a freeze-dried kit which yields an injection. it was developed by GE Healthcare and FDA approved on February 9, 1996. Technetium it is a radiopharmaceutical consisting of tetrofosmin, composed of two bidentate diphosphine ligands chelating the metastable radioisotope technetium Tc-99 (99mTc), with potential imaging activity upon SPECT (single photon emission computed tomography). Upon administration, it is preferentially taken up by, and accumulates in, myocardial cells. Upon imaging, myocardial cells can be visualized and changes in ischemia and/or perfusion can be detected. 
it is an epoxycarotenol that is beta-carotene-3,3'-diol in which one of the one of the endocyclic double bonds has been oxidised to the corresponding epoxide. It is a neutral yellow plant pigment found in Euglenophyta. It has a role as a biological pigment, a plant metabolite and a marine metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, it is involved in the propanoate metabolism pathway. it is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include the malonic aciduria pathway, the methylmalonic aciduria due to cobalamin-related disorders pathway, and malonyl-CoA decarboxylase deficiency. 
1-Methoxy-2, 4-dimethylbenzene, also known as 2, 4-dimethylanisole or fema 3828, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. 1-Methoxy-2, 4-dimethylbenzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-methoxy-2, 4-dimethylbenzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1-Methoxy-2, 4-dimethylbenzene is a herbal and spicy tasting compound that can be found in milk and milk products. This makes 1-methoxy-2, 4-dimethylbenzene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Trifluorochloroethylene is a colorless gas with a faint ethereal odor. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its vapor pressure. It is very toxic by inhalation and is easily ignited. The vapors are heavier than air and a flame can flash back to the source of leak very easily. This leak can either be a liquid or vapor leak. The vapors can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. Under prolonged exposure to intense heat or fire the containers may violently rupture and rocket, or the material may polymerize with possible container rupture. 
it is a carboxamidine that is benzene carrying an amidino group. It has a role as a serine protease inhibitor. It is a member of benzenes and a carboxamidine. It derives from a benzoic acid. 
it is a carotenone that consists of beta,beta-caroten-4-one bearing two hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 3' (the 3S,3'R diastereomer). It has a role as an algal metabolite, an animal metabolite, a marine metabolite, a bacterial metabolite, a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol and a carotenone. 
Pseudoephedrine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of pseudoephedrine, a phenethylamine and a diastereomer of ephedrine with sympathomimetic property. Pseudoephedrine sulfate displaces norepinephrine from storage vesicles in presynaptic neurones, thereby releasing norepinephrine into the neuronal synapses where it stimulates primarily alpha-adrenergic receptors. It also has weak direct agonist activity at alpha- and beta- adrenergic receptors. Receptor stimulation results in vasoconstriction and decreases nasal and sinus congestion. 
2-Methoxybenzene-1, 3-diol, also known as it or 2-ompy, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 2-Methoxybenzene-1, 3-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 167Â°F. Boiling point 171Â°F. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion and skin contact and moderately toxic by inhalation. it is a furan bearing a hydroxymethyl substituent at the 2-position. It has a role as a Maillard reaction product. It is a primary alcohol and a member of furans. 
it is an acyl-CoA(4-) arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions of stearoyl-CoA. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a saturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-), a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA(4-) and a 3-substituted propionyl-CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of a stearoyl-CoA. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid containing fifteen-carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a food component, a Daphnia magna metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a pentadecanoate. it is a saturated fatty acid with a 15-carbon backbone. it is not normally synthesized by animals, but is found in trace amounts in dairy products. 
it is the N-benzoyl-4-hydroxy derivative of anthranilic acid. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-benzoyl-4-hydroxyanthranilate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cholesterols and derivatives. Cholesterols and derivatives are compounds containing a 3-hydroxylated cholestane core. Thus, it is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
Vincristine sulfate is an organic sulfate salt containing equimolar amounts of vincristine(2+) and sulfate. Used for the treatment of a variety of cancers. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It contains a vincristine(2+). 
it is an organic chloride salt that is the dichloride salt of dequalinium. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor, an antifungal agent and an antineoplastic agent. It contains a dequalinium. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder. Melting point 160Â°C, then rapidly polymerizes to a white solid. Almost immediate degradation at pH 3.0; rapid degradation at pH 5.0; and very little degradation at pH 7.5. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of 1,3,5-triazines. It has a role as an insect sterilant and an alkylating agent. it is a trisaziridine alkylating agent with antineoplastic and carcinogenic properties. Used to induce cancer in experimental animal models, it ethylates DNA, resulting in inhibition of DNA replication, unscheduled DNA synthesis, chromosomal aberrations, and sister chromatid exchanges. This agent also exhibits reproductive toxicities. (NCI04) 
it is a substituted diphenylfuran in which two N-ethylamidino substituents are located at the two para-positions on the phenyl rings. It is a carboxamidine and a substituted diphenylfuran. It derives from a hydride of a 2,5-diphenylfuran. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that results from the oxidation of the aldehyde group of 4'-apo-beta-carotenal to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It is an apo carotenoid C35 terpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a decenoic acid having the double bond at position 9. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a dec-9-enoate. 
2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-5-{[2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)ethyl]amino}-2-(propan-2-yl)pentanenitrile is a secondary amino compound that is 3,4-dimethoxyphenylethylamine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen has been replaced by a 4-cyano-4-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-5-methylhexyl group. It is an aromatic ether, a nitrile, a polyether and a secondary amino compound. 
3-Ethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione, also known as fema 3152, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 3-Ethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 3-ethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 3-ethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it (also known as senna glycoside or senna) is a medication used to treat constipation and empty the large intestine before surgery. The medication is taken by mouth or via the rectum. It typically begins working in minutes when given by rectum and within twelve hours when given by mouth. It is a weaker laxative than bisacodyl or castor oil. Sennoside A, one of the sennosides present in the laxative medication, has recently proven effective in inhibiting the ribonuclease H (RNase H) activity of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) reverse transcriptase. Anthraquinone glycosides found in senna plant, usually referring to the sennosides A and B, with laxative activity. it act on and irritate the lining of the intestine wall, thereby causing increased intestinal muscle contractions leading to vigorous bowel movement. 
A naturally occurring prostaglandin that has oxytocic, luteolytic, and abortifacient activities. Due to its vasocontractile properties, the compound has a variety of other biological actions. 
Isoquinoline and quinuclidine derivative that acts as a 5-HT3 RECEPTOR antagonist. It is used in the prevention of nausea and vomiting induced by cytotoxic chemotherapy, and for the prevention of post-operative nausea and vomiting. 
it is a p-menthane monoterpenoid that is the dihydro derivative of carveol. It has a role as an acaricide, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a p-menthane monoterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a carveol. 
it is a colorless to amber liquid with a sweetish odor. (NTP, 1992) it is the (Z)-isomer of 1,3-dichloropropene. It is a 1,3-dichloropropene and a chloroalkene. It derives from a hydride of a propene. 
it is a clear liquid with aromatic odor. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. it is a member of the class of azepanes that is azepane in which the nitrogen is substituted by an (ethylsulfanyl)carbonyl group, -C(=O)SEt. A thiocarbamate herbicide not approved for use in the U.S. or European Union, it is used control grass weeds in rice paddies. It has a role as an antispermatogenic agent, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of azepanes and a monothiocarbamic ester. 
Dehydroascorbic acid, also known as dehydroascorbate or dhaa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. Dehydroascorbic acid is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Dehydroascorbic acid has been found in human intestine, brain and placenta tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, dehydroascorbic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Dehydroascorbic acid participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Norepinephrine and dehydroascorbic acid can be biosynthesized from dopamine and ascorbic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme dopamine beta-hydroxylase. In addition, Norepinephrine and dehydroascorbic acid can be biosynthesized from dopamine and ascorbic acid through the action of the enzyme dopamine beta-hydroxylase. In humans, dehydroascorbic acid is involved in catecholamine biosynthesis pathway, the disulfiram action pathway, and the tyrosine metabolism pathway. Dehydroascorbic acid is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include monoamine oxidase-a deficiency (mao-a), tyrosine hydroxylase deficiency, aromatic L-aminoacid decarboxylase deficiency, and the tyrosinemia type I pathway. 
it is a tetracycline that is the 6-methylene analogue of oxytetracycline, obtained by formal dehydration at position 6. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a member of tetracyclines, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a primary carboxamide. 
it is the maleate salt form of quipazine, a piperazine-based nonselective serotonin (5-HT) receptor agonist with antidepressant and oxytocic activities. Quipazine targets and binds to serotonin receptors, particularly to the 5HT2A and 5HT3 receptors. Serotonin receptor activation by quipazine may lead to smooth muscle contraction and antidepressant effects. 
Ouabain appears as odorless, white crystals or crystalline powder as an octahydrate. Used to produce rapid digitalization in acute congestive heart failure. Also recommended in treatment of atrial or nodal paroxysmal tachycardia and atrial flutter. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a thyroid hormone receptor isoform beta-1 liver-selective analog with antilipidemic and antiatherosclerotic activity. In animal models it reduced serum lipids, decreased cholesterol levels, and stimulated steps of reverse cholesterol transport, which promotes the reverse transport of cholesterol from atherogenic macrophages back to the liver for excretion. In humans, it lowered plasma LDL cholesterol and reduced plasma triglycerides, while its liver-selective activity helped avoid the side effects seen with many other thyromimetic agents. 
it is a ribonucleoside composed of a molecule of adenine attached to a ribofuranose moiety via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug, a vasodilator agent, an analgesic, a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. It is a purines D-ribonucleoside and a member of its. It derives from an adenine. it is a ribonucleoside comprised of adenine bound to ribose, with vasodilatory, antiarrhythmic and analgesic activities. Phosphorylated forms of it play roles in cellular energy transfer, signal transduction and the synthesis of RNA. 
Single-chain polypeptides of about 65 amino acids (7 kDa) from LEECHES that have a neutral hydrophobic N terminus, an acidic hydrophilic C terminus, and a compact, hydrophobic core region. Recombinant it lack tyr-63 sulfation and are referred to as 'desulfato-it'. They form a stable non-covalent complex with ALPHA-THROMBIN, thereby abolishing its ability to cleave FIBRINOGEN. 
DG(12:0/0:0/12:0), also known as diacylglycerol or diglyceride, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-diacylglycerols. These are diacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at positions 1 and 3. DG(12:0/0:0/12:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, DG(12:0/0:0/12:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an S-ethylhomocysteine that has S-configuration at the chiral centre. It has a role as an antimetabolite and a carcinogenic agent. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. 
it is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine that is the ethanolamide of linoleic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.99 (fatty acid amide hydrolase) inhibitor. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine, a N-(polyunsaturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine and a N-acylethanolamine 18:2. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
Dimenhydrinate is the diphenhydramine salt of 8-chlorotheophylline. Its effects are similar to those of diphenhydramine, but it is less potent. It was thought that by combining the antiemetic effects of diphenhydramine with the mild stimulant effects of 8-chlorotheophyline, the extreme drowsiness induced by the former would be mitigated. However, the sedation caused by diphenhydramine is considerably stronger than the stimulation caused by 8-chlorotheophylline. Dimenhydrinate is used mainly as an antiemetic in the prevention and treatment of motion sickness. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an antiemetic. It contains a diphenhydramine and an 8-chlorotheophylline(1-). 
it is an N-acyl-L-alanine resulting from the formal condensation of L-alanine with the carboxy group of benzoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a it and a N-acyl-L-alanine. 
Dma 4 ivm herbicide is a brown liquid. A solution of the dimethylammonium salt of the weak organic acid 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid. Used as an herbicide. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide that is asparagine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen of the alpha-amino group is replaced by an ethyl group. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a secondary amino compound, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and an asparagine derivative. It derives from an asparagine. 
it, also known as g-W dipeptide or gly-TRP, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a diphenylpropylamine and opioid receptor agonist, with analgesic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and activates mu-opioid receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby mimicking the effects of endogenous opioids and producing analgesic relief. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an animal, balsam, and chocolate taste. 
S-(5-deoxy-beta-D-ribos-5-yl)-L-homocysteine is an S-(5-deoxy-D-ribos-5-yl)-L-homocysteine in which the anomeric centre has beta-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a L-homocysteine. 
it is a hydrochloride salt form of taribavirin, an orally available prodrug of ribavirin, a synthetic nucleoside analog of ribofuranose with activity against a wide range of viruses, especially the hepatitis C virus and influenza virus. Taribavirin is converted into ribavirin, which is incorporated into viral nucleic acid, thereby inhibiting viral RNA synthesis, inducing viral genome mutations, and inhibiting normal viral replication. 
it is a cembrane diterpenoid isolated from Lobophytum hedleyi and Lobophytum. It exhibits anti-HIV-1 activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV-1 agent and a coral metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, a monocarboxylic acid and a cembrane diterpenoid. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 1H-benzimidazole which is substituted at positons 2 and 5 by (methoxycarbonyl)amino and phenylsulfanediyl groups, respectively. A broad-spectrum anthelmintic, it is used, particularly in veterinary medicine, for the treatment of nematodal infections. It has a role as an antinematodal drug. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a carbamate ester and an aryl sulfide. 
it is an aminopyrimidine having the amino group at the 4-position together with methyl and phosphooxymethyl groups at the 2- and 5-positions respectively. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a monoalkyl phosphate and an aminopyrimidine. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-amino-2-methyl-5-phosphonatooxymethylpyrimidine(2-). 
Nickel chloride hexahydrate is a hydrate of nickel chloride containing nickel (in the +2 oxidation state), chloride and water moeities in the ratio 1:2:6. It has a role as a sensitiser. It contains a nickel dichloride. 
it is the sodium salt of rigosertib. It is an anti-cancer agent which has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the FDA for use in patients with myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). It has a role as a microtubule-destabilising agent, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.11.21 (polo kinase) inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It contains a rigosertib(1-). it is the sodium salt form of rigosertib, a synthetic benzyl styryl sulfone analogue and Ras mimetic, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, rigosertib targets and binds to Ras-binding domain (RBD) found in many Ras effector proteins, including Raf kinase and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K). This prevents Ras from binding to its targets and inhibits Ras-mediated signaling pathways, including Ras/Raf/Erk, Ras/CRAF/polo-like kinase1 (Plk1), and Ras/ PI3K/Akt signaling pathways. This induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis and inhibits proliferation in a variety of susceptible tumor cells. 
it is a pyridine nucleotide having 3-carboxy-5-(sulfanylcarbonyl)pyridine as the nucleobase. It is a pyridine nucleotide, a nucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a monothiocarboxylic acid. It derives from a nicotinic acid D-ribonucleotide. It is a conjugate acid of a pyridinium-3-carboxylate-5-thiocarboxylate mononucleotide(3-). 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid that is caprylic acid with the two oxo groups at the 4- and 7-positions. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an octanoic acid. 
(-)-it, also known as L-pinocarveol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other (-)-it exists as a liquid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (-)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (-)-it can be found in a number of food items such as sweet bay, common sage, cumin, and hyssop. This makes (-)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a naphthoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 1-naphthoic acid with the phenolic hydroxy group of 4-nitrophenol. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
Watery colorless liquid with a weak alcohol odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is an alkyl alcohol that is heptane in which a hydrogen of one of the methyl groups is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has been isolated from Capillipedium parviflorum. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fragrance and a flavouring agent. It is a primary alcohol, an alkyl alcohol and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a heptane. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain (Â±)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (Â±)-it can be found in fruits. This makes (Â±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pale yellow oily liquid with an odor midway between odor of cloves and turpentine. (NTP, 1992) it is a it in which the stereocentre adjacent to the exocyclic double bond has S configuration while the remaining stereocentre has R configuration. It is the most commonly occurring form of it, occurring in many essential oils, particularly oil of cloves. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a fragrance, a metabolite and an insect attractant. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
it is an L-fucopyranose having alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It is an enantiomer of an alpha-D-fucose. 
it is a L-lysine derivative formed during the reaction between methylglyoxal and protein. it is a homologue of N(epsilon)-(carboxymethyl)lysine (CML), an advanced glycation end-product that is formed on reaction of glyoxal or glycolaldehyde with protein and on oxidative cleavage of fructoselysine, the Amadori adduct formed on glycation of protein by glucose. It is a L-lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isopimarate. It derives from a hydride of an isopimara-7,15-diene. 
it is an alpha-hydroxy fatty acid formed from phytanic acid by bacterial cytochrome P450; and also formed in human peroxisomal disorders. It derives from a phytanic acid. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is 4,9-cyclo-9,10-secocholesta-5,24-diene substituted by methyl groups at the 9beta, 10, and 14 positions, and by a hydroxy group at position 1. It derives from a hydride of a cucurbitane. 
it is an aromatic ether that is catechol in which one of the hydroxy groups has been alkylated to give the corresponding ethyl ether. A low-melting (20-25 â„ƒ), high-boiling (216-217 â„ƒ) smoke flavour compound. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It is an aromatic ether, a volatile organic compound and a member of phenols. It derives from a catechol. 
it, also known as tween 60 or polysorbic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a mild, alcohol, and bitter taste. 
it is the fumarate salt form of fesoterodine, a competitive muscarinic receptor antagonist with muscle relaxant and urinary antispasmodic properties. Fesoterodine is rapidly hydrolyzed in vivo into its active metabolite 5-hydroxy methyl tolterodine, which binds and inhibits muscarinic receptors on the bladder detrusor muscle, thereby preventing bladder contractions or spasms caused by acetylcholine. This results in the relaxation of bladder smooth muscle and greater bladder capacity, in addition to a reduction in involuntary muscle contractions and involuntary loss of urine. The active metabolite does not interact with alpha-adrenergic, serotonergic, histaminergic and excitatory amino acid receptors and is eliminated via renal excretion. 
Alpha, alpha-Dimethylphenethyl formate, also known as a, a-dimethylphenethyl formic acid or 2-benzyl-2-propyl formate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. Alpha, alpha-Dimethylphenethyl formate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha, alpha-dimethylphenethyl formate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Alpha, alpha-Dimethylphenethyl formate has a dry, green, and herbal taste. 
Chlorpromazine hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of chlorpromazine. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of phenothiazines and a hydrochloride. It contains a chlorpromazine. 
it is a prostaglandin Falpha that is prostaglandin F2alpha in which the carboxylic acid function has been converted to the corresponding isopropyl ester and the 3-hydroxy-1-octenyl side-chain is substituted by 3,3-difluoro-4-phenoxybut-1-enyl. Used for treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. It has a role as a prostaglandin receptor agonist. It is a prostaglandins Falpha, an organofluorine compound and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. 
Dodecylbenzenesulfonic acid is a colorless liquid. It is soluble in water. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It is used to make detergents. it is a member of the class dodecylbenzenesulfonic acids that is benzenesulfonic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 of the phenyl ring is substituted by a dodecyl group. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 
it is an S-substituted L-cysteine where the S-substituent is specified as sulfanyl. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a prenol phosphate comprising (2E)-4-hydroxy-3-methylbut-2-en-1-ol having an O-diphosphate substituent. It has a role as an epitope, a phosphoantigen and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (2E)-4-hydroxy-3-methylbut-2-enyl diphosphate(3-). 
it is a colorless gas with a pungent odor. It is toxic by inhalation. It is soluble in water and slowly hydrolyzed by cold water to give off hydrofluoric acid, a corrosive material. Its vapors are heavier than air. Prolonged exposure of the containers to fire or heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. 
Tanabalin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpene lactones. These are diterpenoids containing a lactone moiety. Tanabalin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, tanabalin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, tanabalin can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes tanabalin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2-Hexyl-1, 3-dioxolane-4-methanol, also known as heptanal 1, 2-glyceryl acetal or fema 2542, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. 2-Hexyl-1, 3-dioxolane-4-methanol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-hexyl-1, 3-dioxolane-4-methanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Hexyl-1, 3-dioxolane-4-methanol has a sweet, earthy, and fungal taste. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an oxodicarboxylic acid that is glutaric acid which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 4. It is an oxo dicarboxylic acid and a beta-diketone. 
it is an organic phosphate that is diethyl hydrogen phosphate in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a 6-methyl-2-(propan-2-yl)pyrimidin-4-yl group. It is a metabolite of the pesticide diazinon. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is an organic phosphate and a member of pyrimidines. 
Bis(2-butoxyethyl)phthalate is a phthalate ester obtained by the formal condensation of both the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with two molecules of 2-butoxyethanol. It has a role as a xenobiotic. It is a diester and a phthalate ester. It derives from a 2-butoxyethanol. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 57Â°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. 
A dual inhibitor of both cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase pathways. It exerts an anti-inflammatory effect by inhibiting the formation of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. The drug also enhances pulmonary hypoxic vasoconstriction and has a protective effect after myocardial ischemia. 
it Anhydrous is the anhydrous, sodium salt form of sulfuric acid. it anhydrous disassociates in water to provide sodium ions and sulfate ions. Sodium ion is the principal cation of the extracellular fluid and plays a large part in the therapy of fluid and electrolyte disturbances. it anhydrous is an electrolyte replenisher and is used in isosmotic solutions so that administration does not disturb normal electrolyte balance and does not lead to absorption or excretion of water and ions. 
1-benzyl-3-(dimethylamino)-2-methyl-1-phenylpropyl propanoate is a propanoate ester that is propyl propanoate substituted by a benzyl and phenyl group at position 1, a methyl group at position 2 and a dimethylamino group at position 3. It is a propanoate ester and a tertiary amine. 
it is a zinc salt of citric acid. It is available as dietary supplements as a treatment of zinc deficiency and source of zinc, which is an essential trace element. it demonstrates effective absorption following oral administration. it is a nutritional supplement containing the zinc salt form of citric acid for the purpose of providing zinc. As an essential trace element, zinc is of key importance in many biological processes, acts as an antioxidant and strengthens the immune system. Although the mechanism of action is not completely known, zinc supplementation may be used to increase immunity against viruses or may interfere with the replication of certain viruses, such as the human papillomavirus (HPV). 
it is a monothiocarboxylic acid that is the thiolacid analogue of glycine. The parent of the class of its. It is an organosulfur compound and a member of its. It derives from an ethanethioic S-acid. 
it (EGIS-3886) is used for the treatment of a number of anxiety disorders. it differs from other anti anxiety medications in that it is not a benzodiazepine and so has a different structure and target. It antagonizes 5-HT2A receptors, agonizes 5-HT2C receptors, and functions as a GABA reuptake inhibitor. 
it is a long-acting, orally bioavailable, pyrrolidine-based inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. it may also reduce plasma triglyceride levels through a sustained increase in GLP-1 levels. 
Cyclobranol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloartanols and derivatives. These are steroids containing a cycloartanol moiety. Cyclobranol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Cyclobranol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclobranol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cyclobranol can be found in cereals and cereal products, papaya, rice, and soy bean. This makes cyclobranol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a tertiary amine consisting of 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinoline having an N-methyl substituent. It is a member of quinolines and a tertiary amine. 
it is an aromatic ketone in which the two substituents on the carbonyl C atom are phenyl and ethyl. It has a role as a fragrance. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 5 and a prenyl group at position 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 
3-hydroxy-3-methylbut-1-ene is a tertiary alcohol that is 3-methylbut-1-ene carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 3. It has a role as a fragrance, a pheromone, a plant metabolite and an animal metabolite. It is a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. It derives from a hydride of a 3-methylbut-1-ene. 
it is the sodium succinate salt form of prednisolone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. After cell surface receptor attachment and cell entry, prednisolone enters the nucleus where it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in an altered gene expression and inhibition of proinflammatory cytokine production. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cells populations. (NCI) 
A PHOSPHODIESTERASE TYPE-5 INHIBITOR; VASODILATOR AGENT and UROLOGICAL AGENT that is used in the treatment of ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION and PRIMARY PULMONARY HYPERTENSION. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat potentially life-threatening fungal infections. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a polyene antibiotic and an antibiotic antifungal drug. it is a polyene antifungal antibiotic produced by Streptomyces nodosus, with antifungal activity. it binds to ergosterol, an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, thereby causing depolarization of the membrane and altering cell membrane permeability. This leads to leakage of important intracellular components, cell rupture, and eventually cell death. This agent may also induce oxidative damage in fungal cells and has been reported to stimulate host immune cells. 
it is a pyrrolizine alkaloid that is seneciphylline in which the exocyclic double bond has been converted to the corresponding epoxide. It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a spiro-epoxide, a tertiary alcohol and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a seneciphylline. 
it is a hydrochloride salt consisting of equimolar amounts of cyclizine and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, a central nervous system depressant, a cholinergic antagonist and an antiemetic. It contains a cyclizine. 
Glycerol 1-phosphate is a glycerol monophosphate having the phosphate group located at position 1. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a glycerol 1-phosphate(2-). 
it is an alkene that is pentacosane which has been dehydrogenated to introduce a double bond at the 1-2 position. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a pentacosane. 
it is a 2,6-diaminopurine that is the N(6)-hydroxy derivative of 2,6-diamino-3H-purine. It has a role as a mutagen and a teratogenic agent. It is a member of 2,6-diaminopurines, a nucleobase analogue and a member of hydroxylamines. It derives from an adenine. 
Oripavine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as morphinans. These are polycyclic compounds with a four-ring skeleton with three condensed six-member rings forming a partially hydrogenated phenanthrene moiety, one of which is aromatic while the two others are alicyclic. Oripavine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, oripavine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, oripavine can be found in a number of food items such as saskatoon berry, purslane, lettuce, and lowbush blueberry. This makes oripavine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a butan-4-olide that is gamma-butyrolactone with an isocapryloyl substituent at position 2 and a hydroxymethyl substituent at position 3 (the 3R-stereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a butan-4-olide and a primary alcohol. It derives from a gamma-butyrolactone. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 4-chlorophenyl group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-chlorophenylacetate. 
3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-3-cyclohexen-1-one, also known as . it or b-phorone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexenones. Cyclohexenones are compounds containing a cylohexenone moiety, which is a six-membered aliphatic ring that carries a ketone and has one endocyclic double bond. 3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-3-cyclohexen-1-one is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 5, 5-trimethyl-3-cyclohexen-1-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3, 5, 5-trimethyl-3-cyclohexen-1-one can be found in fruits, herbs and spices, and saffron. This makes 3, 5, 5-trimethyl-3-cyclohexen-1-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Cefepime is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefepime binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
The serotonin type 4 (5-HT4) receptor agonists are potent prokinetic agents that act on serotonin receptors in the intestine and promote intestinal peristalsis, increase gastric emptying and decrease esophageal reflux. Two 5-HT4 receptor agonists have been developed and were approved for use in the United States, but both were found to have significant serious adverse effects and have been withdrawn (it) or placed under restricted use (tegaserod). Both it and tegaserod have been associated with a low rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but neither has been implicated convincing in cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. Cisapride is a substituted piperidinyl benzamide prokinetic agent. Cisapride facilitates release of acetylcholine from the myenteric plexus, resulting in increased gastrointestinal motility. In addition, it has been found to act as a serotonin agonist, stimulating type 4 receptors, and a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. (NCI) 
Fluorine F 18 Fluorocholine is a radiotracer consisting of methylcholine labeled with the positron-emitting radioisotope fluorine F 18 (18F-FMCH) with potential imaging use. Upon administration, 18F-fluoromethylcholine incorporates into tumor cells through an active, carrier-mediated transport mechanism for choline and then is phosphorylated intracellularly by choline kinase, an enzyme frequently upregulated in human tumors, yielding phosphoryl 18F-fluoromethylcholine. In turn, phosphoryl 18F-fluoromethylcholine is integrated into phospholipids in the cell membrane as part of phosphatidylcholine. As the proliferation of cancer cells is much higher than normal cells, tumor cells exhibit an increased rate of 18F-FMCH uptake and incorporation, allowing tumor imaging with positron emission tomography (PET). 
it is a 2',3'-cyclic pyrimidine nucleotide in which uridine is the parent nucleoside. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a wax ester obtained by the formal condensation of oleic acid with stearyl alcohol. It derives from an oleic acid and an octadecan-1-ol. 
3-methylbutyl 2-hydroxypropanoate is a carboxylic ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-hydroxypropanoic acid with the hydroxy group of isoamylol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isoamylol and a 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. 
2-methyl-6-ethyl aniline appears as a clear liquid with a pungent odor. Water insoluble and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) 
it, also known as fema 3177 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 8-mercapto-p-menthan-3-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a berry, buchu, and fruity taste. 
it is a member of the class tetralins that is 3,4-dihydronaphthalen-1(2H)-one substituted by an acetyl, two hydroxy and methyl groups at positions 7, 3, 6 and 8 respectively. It isolated from Micromonospora and acts as an inhibitor of lipid peroxidation. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a cyclic ketone, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol, a methyl ketone, a member of tetralins and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a white solid that may be dissolved in a liquid organic carrier with a pungent odor. It is a water emulsifiable liquid. It is insoluble in water and sinks in water. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. If it is in liquid form, it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It is used as a pesticide. it is an dialkyl phosphate resulting from the formal condensation of the acidic hydroxy group of dimethyl hydrogen phosphate with the alcoholic hydroxy group of 1,2-ito-2,2-dichloroethanol. An organophosphate insecticide, it is no longer approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. It is a dialkyl phosphate, an organophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine compound and an organobromine compound. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in alcoholic beverages and citrus. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Petroselinic acid is a cis-monoenoic fatty acid, and is present as a major component in parsley seeds (and many other species of the Umbelliferae family), described first in 1909 (Vongerichten, E. Kohler, A. Petroselic Acid, a New Oleic Acid. Berichte der Deutschen Chemischen Gesellschaft (1909), 42 1638-9. ). Petroselinic acid is an important oleochemical material for the food, cosmetics, chemistry and pharmaceutical (PMID: 16604360). 
it is under investigation for the treatment of NSCLC. it has been investigated for the treatment of ColoRectal Cancer. it is an orally available, small molecule inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFRs), with potential anti-angiogenic and antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, it inhibits VEGF-induced phosphorylation of VEGFRs 1, 2, and 3 which may result in the inhibition of migration, proliferation and survival of endothelial cells, microvessel formation, the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, and tumor cell death. Expression of VEGFRs may be upregulated in a variety of tumor cell types. 
it is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide that is 3',5'-cyclic AMP bearing an additional bromo substituent at position 8 on the adenine ring. An activator of cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase, but resistant to degradation by cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase. It has a role as a protein kinase agonist and an antidepressant. It is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide, an organobromine compound and an adenyl ribonucleotide. It derives from a 3',5'-cyclic AMP. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Corrosive and very irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from tungstic acid. It is a divalent inorganic anion and a tungsten oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenit. 
Ethyl beta-D-glucopyranoside, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. Ethyl beta-D-glucopyranoside exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ethyl beta-D-glucopyranoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ethyl beta-D-glucopyranoside can be found in pulses. This makes ethyl beta-D-glucopyranoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a chlorophenoxyacetic acid that is (4-chlorophenoxy)acetic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a synthetic auxin, an environmental contaminant and a phenoxy herbicide. It is a chlorophenoxyacetic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a strong, offensive odor. Moderately toxic. Flash point below 0Â°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Used as a chemical intermediate and a herbicide. it is an alkanethiol that is propane substituted by a thiol group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-ene in which the hydrogens at the 3beta and 6beta positions have been replaced by hydroxy groups. Found in the seeds of the downy thorn-apple, Datura innoxia. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a diol. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-valine and L-histidine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-valine and a L-histidine. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of alanine, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an alanine. 
Xi-1-ethoxy-1-hexyloxyethane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. Xi-1-ethoxy-1-hexyloxyethane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, xi-1-ethoxy-1-hexyloxyethane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, xi-1-ethoxy-1-hexyloxyethane can be found in fruits. This makes xi-1-ethoxy-1-hexyloxyethane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N-stearoylserotonin is an N-acylserotonin obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of stearic acid with the primary amino group of serotonin. It has been found in the jejunum and ileum of pigs and mice. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it which is a compound with promising properties for treatment of obesity and dyslipidemia. it increases the bodyâ€™s energy consumption and reduces body weight and markedly reduces blood lipids and blood glucose. it is a thyroid hormone analog with hypocholesterolemic properties. it reduces serum LDL cholesterol levels by increasing hepatic clearance due to increased expression of the hepatic LDL-receptor gene, and also reduces the serum level of Lp(a) lipoprotein. This drug was designed to have minimal uptake in nonhepatic tissues thereby avoiding many of the adverse effects associated with thyroid hormone treatment. 
it is a long-chain fatty aldehyde that is dodecane in which two hydrogens attached to a terminal carbon are replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 2,3-saturated fatty aldehyde, a medium-chain fatty aldehyde and a long-chain fatty aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a dodecane. 
it is a carboxamidine that is acetamidine in which the amino hydrogens are substituted by a (6-chloropyridin-3-yl)methyl and a methyl group while the hydrogen attached to the imino nitrogen is replaced by a cyano group. It has a role as a neonicotinoid insectide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a monochloropyridine, a nitrile and a carboxamidine. It derives from a 2-chloropyridine. 
Amygdalin is a cyanogenic glucoside isolated from almonds and seeds of other plants of the family Rosaceae. Amygdalin is converted by plant emulsin (a combination of a glucosidase and a nitrilase) or hydrochloric acid into benzaldehyde, D-glucose, and hydrocyanic acid. (NCI04) 
2, 4-Dihydroxy-nitrophenol, also known as 4-nitrobenzene-1, 3-diol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitrophenols. Nitrophenols are compounds containing a nitrophenol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing both a hydroxyl group and a nitro group on two different ring carbon atoms. 2, 4-Dihydroxy-nitrophenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4-dihydroxy-nitrophenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a cyclic hydroxamic acid that consists of 1-hydroxypyridin-2-one bearing methyl and 2,4,4-trimethylpentyl substtituents at positions 4 and 6 respectively. It has a role as an antiseborrheic. It is a cyclic hydroxamic acid, a pyridone and a hydroxypyridone antifungal drug. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a distinctive anesthetic-like odor. Vapors are heavier than air and narcotic. Boiling point 131Â°F. Flash point 18Â°F. Less dense than water and miscible in water. Used as a octane booster in gasoline. it is an ether having methyl and tert-butyl as the two alkyl components. It has a role as a non-polar solvent, a fuel additive and a metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is the alpha,beta-dihydro derivative of xanthohumol. Isolated from Humulus lupulus, it exhibits inhibition of NO production. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. 
it is a galactonolactone that is 3,4-dihydroxydihydrofuran-2(3H)-one substituted by a 1,2-dihydroxyethyl group at position 5 (the 3S,4S,5R-isomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a L-galactonic acid. 
it appears as yellow to red solid or heated liquid with a slight odor. Solidifies in cool water. Solid and liquid sink in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a dinitrotoluene carrying nitro substituents at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a genotoxin. 
it is a macrolide consisting of a 14-membered bicyclic lactone attached to the rare 2-thiazolidinone moiety. It is obtained from the Red Sea sponge Latrunculia magnifica. It has a role as a metabolite, an actin polymerisation inhibitor and a toxin. It is a macrolide, a cyclic hemiketal, an oxabicycloalkane and a thiazolidinone. 
it is an aldosterone receptor antagonist and potassium-sparing diuretic used in the therapy of hypertension. it therapy has been associated with transient elevations in serum aminotransferase levels, but has yet to be linked to cases of clinically apparent drug induced liver disease. it is a selective aldosterone receptor antagonist. it binds to the mineralocorticoid receptor and blocks the binding of aldosterone, thereby decreasing sodium resorption and subsequently increasing water outflow. This leads to a decrease in blood pressure. it is used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is umbelliferone substituted by a methyl group at position 4. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a hyaluronic acid synthesis inhibitor. It derives from an umbelliferone. 
N-Desalkyl delavirdine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridinylpiperazines. Pyridinylpiperazines are compounds containing a pyridinylpiperazine skeleton, which consists of a pyridine linked (not fused) to a piperazine by a bond by a single bond that is not part of a ring. N-Desalkyl delavirdine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. N-Desalkyl delavirdine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, N-desalkyl delavirdine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is an organic iodide salt that has pralidoxime as the cation. It has a role as a cholinesterase reactivator and a cholinergic drug. It is a pyridinium salt and an organic iodide salt. It contains a pralidoxime. 
it is a butirosin that consists of neamine in which is substituted at position 2 by a beta-D-xylofuranosyl and at position 4 by an (S)-2-hydroxy-4-aminobutyryl group. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It derives from a neamine. 
Selane is a selenium hydride and a mononuclear parent hydride. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a selenonium. It is a conjugate acid of a selanide. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is 2,2'-iminodiacetic acid substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 2'. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and an amino acid opine. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,2'-iminodipropanoate and a 2,2'-iminodipropanoate(1-). 
it is a disodium salt form of tipranavir, a non-peptidomimetic agent that inhibits both wild type and drug resistant forms of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease. 
it is a steroidal progestin and antineoplastic agent which was never marketed. An acylated derivative, it acetate, is used as a growth promoter in animals. it is a progestogen-like compound used as a cattle feed additive for its growth promoting effects and suppression of estrus (heat) in heifers. Critics have claimed that hormones used as growth promotants in cattle may cause breast cancer. (NCI) 
it, also known as 1, 1-dimethoxy-dodecane or lauraldehyde, dimethyl acetal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a mild, fresh, and green taste. 
it is the oil extracted from the seeds of Foeniculum vulgare. it is commonly used to treat disorders of the digestive system. 
it is an indole alkaloid, an alkaloid ester and a methyl ester. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Aurora Kinase Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailable, highly selective small molecule inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase Aurora A kinase with potential antineoplastic activity. Auora kinase inhibitor it binds to and inhibits Aurora kinase A, resulting in disruption of the assembly of the mitotic spindle apparatus, disruption of chromosome segregation, and inhibition of cell proliferation. Aurora A localizes in mitosis to the spindle poles and to spindle microtubules and is thought to regulate spindle assembly. Aberrant expression of Aurora kinases occurs in a wide variety of cancers, including colon and breast cancers. 
it, also known as 2-(4-tert-butylcyclohexyl)-3-hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone, is an experimental naphthoquinone antimalarial drug which undergoes extensive alkyl hydroxylation to a single t-butylhydroxy metabolite in man in vivo and also in human liver microsomes, where this is catalysed primarily by a 54 kDa CYP2C9 form of cytochrome P450, P450hB20-27. 
it is the dipeptide obtained by condensation of N-benzoyl-L-tyrosine with 4-aminobenzoic acid. Used as a noninvasive screening test for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and to monitor the adequacy of supplemental pancreatic therapy, it is given by mouth: the amount of 4-aminobenzoic acid and its metabolites excreted in the urine is taken as a measure of the chymotrypsin-secreting activity of the pancreas. It has a role as a diagnostic agent, an indicator and a reagent. 
it is a 3-hydroxylated derivative of 3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an oxo fatty acid, a hydroxy fatty acid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-3-methyl-2-oxopentanoate. 
it is an organic disulfide where the alkyl groups specified are propyl. It is a component of the essential oils obtained from Allium. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a monohydrate form of nitrofurantoin, a synthetic derivative of imidazolidinedione (hydantoin) that inhibits bacterial DNA, RNA, and cell wall protein synthesis. 
it is a N-[4-cyano-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-3-[(4-fluorophenyl)sulfonyl]-2-hydroxy-2-methylpropanamide that is the (R)-enantiomer of bicalutamide. It has a role as an androgen antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-bicalutamide. 
it is a pyrimidone that is cytosine bearing an N(4)-methyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aminopyrimidine, a pyrimidone and a methylcytosine. It derives from a cytosine. 
it is a hydroxycalciol that is calcidiol in which the pro-S hydrogen of calcidiol is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is the active form of vitamin D3, produced fom calciol via hydoxylation in the liver to form calcidiol, which is subsequently oxidised in the kidney to give it. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, an antipsoriatic, an immunomodulator, an antineoplastic agent, a calcium channel modulator, a nutraceutical, a vitamin, a calcium channel agonist, a metabolite, a hormone, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a hydroxycalciol, a member of D3 vitamins and a triol. it is a synthetic physiologically-active analog of vitamin D, specifically the vitamin D3 form. it regulates calcium in vivo by promoting absorption in the intestine, reabsorption in the kidneys, and, along with parathyroid hormone, regulation of bone growth. A it receptor-binding protein appears to exist in the mucosa of human intestine. it also induces cell cycle arrest at G0/G1 phase of the cell cycle, cell differentiation, and apoptosis, resulting in inhibition of proliferation of some tumor cell types. This agent may be chemopreventive for colon and prostate cancers. (NCI04) 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. it is an orally available and selective inhibitor of the AXL receptor tyrosine kinase (UFO), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, bemcentinib targets and binds to the intracellular catalytic kinase domain of AXL and prevents its activity. This blocks AXL-mediated signal transduction pathways and inhibits the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), which, in turn, inhibits tumor cell proliferation and migration. In addition, bemcentinib enhances chemo-sensitivity. AXL, a member of the TAM (TYRO3, AXL and MER) family of receptor tyrosine kinases overexpressed by many tumor cell types, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation, survival, invasion and metastasis; its expression is associated with drug resistance and poor prognosis. 
Epoetin is a recombinant form of erythropoietin, a hematologic growth factor that induces proliferation and maturation of red blood cells and is used in the treatment of anemia caused by renal disease, myelodysplasia, cancer chemotherapy and hematopoietic cell transplantation. Epoetin and its various derivatives have not been associated with serum enzyme elevations during therapy or with instances of clinically apparent liver injury. 
A serotonin uptake inhibitor that is used as an antidepressive agent. It has been shown to be effective in patients with major depressive disorders and other subsets of depressive disorders. It is generally more useful in depressive disorders associated with insomnia and anxiety. This drug does not aggravate psychotic symptoms in patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p309) 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is 6-fluoroquinazolin-4-one carrying additional 1,2,4-triazol-1-yl and 2,4-dichlorophenyl substituents at positions 2 and 3 respectively. A fungicide used to control Ascomycetes, Deuteromycetes and Basidiomycetes spp. on cereals, beets and fruit. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of quinazolines, a dichlorobenzene, a member of triazoles, an organofluorine compound, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is a bile acid found in the bile of bears (Ursidae) as a conjugate with taurine. Used therapeutically, it prevents the synthesis and absorption of cholesterol and can lead to the dissolution of gallstones. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid, a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a C24-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of an it. it is a synthetically-derived form of it, a bile acid produced by the liver and secreted and stored in the gallbladder. Also produced by the Chinese black bear liver, it has been used in the treatment of liver disease for centuries. This agent dissolves or prevents cholesterol gallstones by blocking hepatic cholesterol production and decreasing bile cholesterol. it also reduces the absorption of cholesterol from the intestinal tract. 
Ester of CHLORAMBUCIL and PREDNISOLONE used as a combination alkylating agent and synthetic steroid to treat various leukemias and other neoplasms. It causes gastrointestinal and bone marrow toxicity. 
it is a novel Î¼-opioid receptor (MOPr) ligand that has been reported to induce minimal arrestin recruitment and be devoid of the respiratory depressant effects characteristic of classical Î¼-opioid ligands such as morphine. 
it is an N-acetylamino acid that is the N-acetyl derivative of tryptophan. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-amino acid and a tryptophan derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. 
it appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. it is a bornane monoterpenoid that is 1,7,7-trimethylbicyclo[2.2.1]heptane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a metabolite. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the organic oxoanionic compounds. These are organic compounds containing an oxoanion. This medication targets the protein monomeric sarcosine oxidase. 
it is a triazole that consists of 1,2,4-triazole bearing a methyl substituent at position 1, a hydroxymethyl substituent at position 3 and a {3-[3-(piperidin-1-ylmethyl)phenoxy]propyl}amino group at position 5. A highly potent and selective H2-receptor antagonist. It has a role as a H2-receptor antagonist. It is a member of triazoles, a member of piperidines, an aromatic ether and a primary alcohol. 
it is a member of the class of depsidones that is 11H-dibenzo[b,e][1,4]dioxepine substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 9, a methoxy group at position 8, methyl groups at positions 1 and 6, a 3-methylbut-2-enoyl group at position 7, an oxo group at position 11 and a formyl group at position 4. Isolated from Chaetomium brasiliense, it exhibits antimalarial and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antineoplastic agent and a Chaetomium metabolite. It is an aldehyde, an aromatic ether, a member of depsidones, an enone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol and an aromatic ketone. 
it is the agent paclitaxel linked to a biodegradable, water-soluble polyglutamate polymer with antineoplastic properties. The polyglutamate residue increases the water solubility of paclitaxel and allows delivery of higher doses than those achievable with paclitaxel alone. Paclitaxel promotes microtubule assembly and prevents microtubule depolymerization, thus interfering with normal mitosis. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is guaiacol in which the hydrogen para- to the hydroxy group is replaced by a vinyl group. It has a role as a pheromone, a flavouring agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the pentaanionic form of adenosine 5'-tetraphosphate. It is a conjugate base of an adenosine 5'-(pentahydrogen tetraphosphate). 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyindoles that is 1H-indole substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It is a member of hydroxyindoles and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. 
it is a it in cyclic pyranose form. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it. It is an enantiomer of a L-glucopyranuronic acid. 
it, also known as 10, 14-epoxyaromadendrane or mezotrin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 5, 10-cycloaromadendrane sesquiterpenoids. These are aromadendrane sesquiterpenoids that arise from the C5-C10 cyclization of the aromadendrane skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is (6E)-7-[2-cyclopropyl-4-(4-fluorophenyl)quinolin-3-yl]hept-6-enoic acid in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 3 and 5 (the 3R,5S-stereoisomer). Used as its calcium salt for treatment of hypercholesterolemia (elevated levels of cholesterol in the blood) on patients unable to sufficiently lower their cholesterol levels by diet and exercise. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a member of quinolines, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a member of cyclopropanes, a statin (synthetic) and a member of monofluorobenzenes. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a novel statin that induces plaque regression and elevates HDL-cholesterol levels. 
it is a sulfonamide obtained by formal condensation of the sulfo group of 4-aminobenzenesulfonic acid with the amino group of 4-methoxy-1,2,5-thiadiazol-3-amine. It is a sulfonamide antibiotic, a member of thiadiazoles, an aromatic ether and a substituted aniline. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2,5-thiadiazole. it is a sulfonamide antibiotic used typically in combination with trimethoprim. 
it is a methyl ketone that is acetone in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a 1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl group. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a methyl ketone and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder. Aqueous solutions are alkaline to litmus and phenolphthalein (pH approximately 9.3). Bitter taste. A narcotic. it is a barbiturate that is the sodium salt of phenobarbital (barbituric acid substituted at C-5 by ethyl and phenyl groups). It is an organic sodium salt and a member of barbiturates. It contains a phenobarbital. 
it is a hydrate that is the heptahydrate form of magnesium sulfate. It has a role as a laxative and a cathartic. It is a magnesium salt and a hydrate. It contains a magnesium sulfate. 
Copolymer of divinyl ether and maleic anhydride that acts as an immunostimulant with antineoplastic and anti-infective properties. It is used in combination with other antineoplastic agents. 
it is an oxonium betaine that is the conjugate base of cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-galactoside, arising from regioselective deprotonation of the 5-hydroxy group. Major structure at pH 7.3 It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is a conjugate base of a cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-galactoside. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-galactoside(1-). 
Desmopressin Acetate is an analogue of the hormone vasopressin with antidiuretic and antihemorrhagic properties. Desmopressin acetate has selective affinity for the V2 receptor and acts on the distal kidney tubule by increasing the cellular permeability thereby stimulating water reabsorption. This antidiuretic agent is used in the treatment of central diabetes insipidus. An unrelated action of desmopressin acetate is to increases circulating factor VIII and is used in patients with haemophilia and von Willebrand's disease. 
2-Hydroxy-2, 6, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone, also known as 2, 6, 6-trimethyl-2-hydroxycyclohexanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyloins. These are organic compounds containing an alpha hydroxy ketone. Acyloins are formally derived from reductive coupling of carboxylic acyl groups. 2-Hydroxy-2, 6, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-hydroxy-2, 6, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Hydroxy-2, 6, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone is a sweet, herbal, and tobacco tasting compound that can be found in tea. This makes 2-hydroxy-2, 6, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Glycyl-lysine, also known as it or gly-lys, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Glycyl-lysine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
2-cyano-3-cyclopropyl-1-(2-mesyl-4-trifluoromethylphenyl)propan-1,3-dione is a beta-diketone and nitrile resulting from the the degradation of the isoxazole ring of isoxaflutole. The active herbicide of the proherbicide isoxaflutole. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor. It is a sulfone, an aromatic ketone, a member of cyclopropanes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a nitrile and a beta-diketone. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Insoluble in water. Very toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Vapors are heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a linear-fused organic heterotetracyclic compound consisting of a [1,3,2]dioxaphosphinane fused to a pyran ring which is in turn fused to a pteridine ring system. Molybdenum cofactor biosynthesis intermediate. Dehydrated derivative known as precursor Z. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an oxacycle, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and a ketone hydrate. 
it is an L-tyrosine derivative having a 4-arsonophenyldiazenyl group at the 3-position of the benzene ring. It is a L-tyrosine derivative, a monoazo compound and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from an arsanilic acid. 
it is an O-isovalerylcarnitine that is the 3-methylbutanoyl (isovaleryl) derivative of L-carnitine. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent. It is an O-isovalerylcarnitine and a methyl-branched fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
it is the S-[(R)-lactoyl] derivative of glutathione. It is an intermediate in the pyruvate metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a (R)-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-S-lactoylglutathionate(1-). 
it is a benzothiazole derivative with neuroprotective and potential anti-depressant and anxiolytic activities. While the mechanism of action of it is unknown, its pharmacological activities in motor neurons include the following, some of which may be related to its effect: 1) an inhibitory effect on glutamate release, 2) inactivation of voltage-dependent sodium channels, and 3) interference with intracellular events that follow transmitter binding at excitatory amino acid receptors. In animal models, this agent has been shown to exhibit myorelaxant and sedative activities, apparently due to the blockade of glutamatergic neurotransmission. 
it is the fumarate salt of ketotifen, a cycloheptathiophene derivative with anti-allergic activity. Ketotifen selectively blocks histamine (H1) receptors and prevents the typical symptoms caused by histamine release. This agent also interferes with the release of inflammatory mediators from mast cells involved in hypersensitivity reactions, thereby decreasing chemotaxis and activation of eosinophils. 
it is a tetracyclic antibacterial agent derived from it, being a glycoside ester of neamine and neobiosamine B. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an allergen and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(6+). it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces lavendulae (decaris), mainly containing it, with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity. it is used mostly as a topical preparation and is poorly absorbed. Upon parenteral administration, this agent can cause nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity. it Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of it, a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces fradiae with antibacterial activity. it is an antibiotic complex consisting of 3 components: the two isomeric components B and C are the active components, and it A is the minor component. it irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, it induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. it is a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces fradiae with antibacterial activity. it is an antibiotic complex consisting of 3 components: the two isomeric components B and C are the active components, and it A is the minor component. it irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, it induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. it Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of it, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces lavendulae (decaris), mainly containing it, with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity. it is used mostly as a topical preparation and is poorly absorbed. Upon parenteral administration, this agent can cause nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity. 
it is a pyruvic acid compound having a 3-sulfinyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid, an organosulfinic acid and a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-sulfinatopyruvate(2-). 
Betulin, also known as betulenol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Betulin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, betulin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, betulin can be found in a number of food items such as broad bean, black elderberry, european chestnut, and common walnut. This makes betulin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is acetophenone in which one of the ortho hydrogens of the phenyl group has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a substituted aniline and a member of acetophenones. 
A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. 
it is an aromatic amide that is 2-choro-N-(2,6-diethylphenyl)acetamide in which the amide nitrogen has been replaced by a butoxymethyl group. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is an aromatic amide, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary carboxamide. It derives from a N-phenylacetamide. 
Scopolamine methobromide is a quaternary ammonium salt resulting from the reaction of the amino group of scopolamine with methyl bromide. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antiemetic, an antispasmodic drug and a parasympatholytic. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and a bromide salt. It derives from a scopolamine. it is the bromide salt form of it, a quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine with anticholinergic properties. it exerts its effect on muscarine receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, thereby blocking the actions of acetylcholine. This leads to an inhibition of gastric secretions and gastrointestinal motility. 
it is an organic cation consisting of 1,8-dimethyl-3-(4-methylanilino)phenazine carrying additional 4-methylphenyl and amino substituents at positions 5 and 7 respectively. One of four components of mauvaine, a syntheteic violet-coloured dye. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a member of phenazines and an organic cation. 
it is a phosphatidylglycerol in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups are both lauroyl. It is a phosphatidylglycerol and a dodecanoate ester. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of LYMPHOMA, Solid Tumors, Metastatic Solid Tumor, and Myeloproliferative Neoplasms (MPN). Hsp90 Inhibitor it is a purine-based heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Hsp90 inhibitor it specifically inhibits active Hsp90, thereby inhibiting its chaperone function and promoting the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins involved in tumor cell proliferation and survival. This may result in the inhibition of cellular proliferation in susceptible tumor cell populations. Hsp90, a molecular chaperone protein, is upregulated in a variety of tumor cell types. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of butenafine. An inhibitor of squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes, it is used for treatment of dermatological fungal infections. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and an antifungal drug. It is a hydrochloride and an ammonium salt. It contains a butenafine. it is the hydrochloride salt form of butenafine, a synthetic benzylamine derivative with fungicidal properties. it interferes with the biosynthesis of ergosterol, an important component of fungal cell membranes, by inhibiting the epoxidation of squalene. This alters fungal membrane permeability and causes growth inhibition. it is active against a number of dermatophytes, including Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Microsporum canis, Sporothrix schenckii, and yeasts, including Candida albicans and C. parapsilosis. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of pentanol. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite, an anti-estrogen and a rat metabolite. It derives from a pentan-1-ol. 
it is a ribonucleotide that is the 3'-dehydro derivative of adenosine 5'-triphosphate. It is a ribonucleotide and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from an ATP. 
it (it) is a a novel small molecule synthesized by Biorex, Hungary that acts as a cardioprotective agent. It induces phosphorylation of p38 SAPK, which plays an important role in EC homeostasis. endothelial cell (EC). EC function plays a central role in vascular diseases (e.g. atherosclerosis, restenosis, diabetic angiopathies, microvascular angina, peripheral arterial disease). it also causes translocation of calcium-dependent protein kinase C isoform to membranes. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of 4-hydroxybutyric acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a phthalic acid monoester and a dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a 4-hydroxybutyric acid. 
it is an organophosphonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of phosphonoacetaldehyde, arising from deprotonation of one of the two phosphonate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a phosphonoacetaldehyde. 
it, also known as fema 3695, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4-alkoxyphenols. These are phenols that carry an alkoxy group at the 4-position of the benzene ring. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a mild, hawthorn, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a lignan that consists of tetrahydrofuran ring substituted by a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl group at position 5, a hydroxyphenyl group at position 4 and a hydroxy(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)methyl group at position 3. It has been isolated from Taxus yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a polyphenol, a tetrol, an oxolane and a member of guaiacols. 
Oleoyl ethanolamide is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine that is the ethanolamide of oleic acid. The monounsaturated analogue of the endocannabinoid anandamide It has a role as a PPARalpha agonist and an EC 3.5.1.23 (ceramidase) inhibitor. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine, an endocannabinoid and a N-acylethanolamine 18:1. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavone in which the four hydroxy groups are located at positions 3', 4' 5 and 7. It is thought to play an important role in the human body as an antioxidant, a free radical scavenger, an inflammatory agent and an immune system modulator as well as being active against several cancers. It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist, a plant metabolite, a nephroprotective agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor, a c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitor, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a 3'-hydroxyflavonoid and a tetrahydroxyflavone. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-5-hydroxy-4-oxo-4H-chromen-7-olate it-7-olate(1-). it is a naturally-occurring flavonoid, with potential anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, apoptosis-inducing and chemopreventive activities. Upon administration, it scavenges free radicals, protects cells from reactive oxygen species (ROS)-induced damage and induces direct cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in tumor cells. This inhibits tumor cell proliferation and suppresses metastasis. 
it is a polyprenylhydroquinone that is 2-methylbenzene-1,4-diol substituted by a geranylgeranyl group at position 6. It is a polyprenylhydroquinone and a member of hydroquinones. 
3-Oxohexadecanoyl-CoA, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain 3-oxoacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A derivative, which is 3-oxo acylated long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. 3-Oxohexadecanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Oxohexadecanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-oxohexadecanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the peroxisome and cytoplasm. 3-Oxohexadecanoyl-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, 3-oxohexadecanoyl-CoA is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway. 3-Oxohexadecanoyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (lcad), short chain acyl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (scad deficiency), the glutaric aciduria type I pathway, and long-chain-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (lchad). 
it appears as a clear, colorless liquid. A lachrymator. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption; a strong irritant of the skin. Insoluble in water and soluble in alcohol, benzene, and ether. 
it is a carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of 3-bromo-1-(3-chloropyridin-2-yl)-1H-pyrazole-5-carboxylic acid with the primary amino group of 2-amino-5-chloro-N,3-dimethylbenzamide. The first of the anthranilic diamide insecticides, it is a ryanodine receptor activator and is used to protect a wide variety of crops, including corn, cotton, grapes, rice and potatoes. It has a role as a ryanodine receptor agonist. It is an organobromine compound, a member of pyridines, a member of pyrazoles, a pyrazole insecticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a secondary carboxamide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzylbutanediol lignans. These are lignan compounds containing a 2, 3-dibenzylbutane-1, 4-diol moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in beverages and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as white to light gray granular solid. May be either the anhydrous compound or the tetrahydrate. Used in fertilizers, explosives and pyrotechnics. it is inorganic nitrate salt of calcium. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is an inorganic nitrate salt and a calcium salt. It contains a calcium(2+). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong foul odor. Flash point 99Â°F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it, also known as 8-p-menthen-2-yl acetate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, camphor, and cuminseed tasting compound that can be found in anise, caraway, spearmint, and wild celery. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a monohydroxycinnamic acid that is 4-hydroxycinnamic acid in which the hydrogen alpha- to the carboxy group is replaced by a cyano group. It is used as a matrix in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) mass spectrometry for the analysis of peptides and oligonucleotides. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material. It is a nitrile, a member of phenols and a monohydroxycinnamic acid. 
1, 3, 9-Trimethyluric acid, also known as 1, 3, 9-trimethylate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthines. These are purine derivatives with a ketone group conjugated at carbons 2 and 6 of the purine moiety. 1, 3, 9-Trimethyluric acid exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1, 3, 9-trimethyluric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1, 3, 9-trimethyluric acid can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 1, 3, 9-trimethyluric acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Iodomethylpropane appears as a colorless liquid mixture of isomers that discolors in air. Denser than water. Vapors are heavier than air. May be mildly toxic by inhalation. Used as a solvent and to make pharmaceuticals. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides that is N,N-dimethylbenzamide substituted by a formylamino group at position 4 and a [(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)carbamoyl]sulfamoyl group at position 2. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a herbicide. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyrimidines, an aromatic ether, a member of ureas and a member of benzamides. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthopyrans. Naphthopyrans are compounds containing a pyran ring fused to a naphthalene moiety. Furan is a 6 membered-ring non-aromatic ring with five carbon and one oxygen atoms. Naphthalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon made up of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A histamine H1 antagonist used as the hydrogen fumarate in hay fever, rhinitis, allergic skin conditions, and pruritus. It causes drowsiness. 
it is a sulfhydryl compound that is used to reduce the incidence of hemorrhagic cystitis associated with certain chemotherapeutic agents. it is converted to a free thiol compound in the kidney, where it binds to and inactivates acrolein and other urotoxic metabolites of ifosfamide and cyclophosphamide, thereby reducing their toxic effects on the urinary tract during urinary excretion. (NCI04) 
Maltotriose, also known as glycan or polyglycose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. Maltotriose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, maltotriose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Maltotriose exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, maltotriose can be found in root vegetables. This makes maltotriose a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of guanosine. it decreases HIV viral loads, retards or prevents the damage to the immune system, and reduces the risk of developing AIDS. 
it is a 2-monoglyceride where the acyl group is hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It has a role as an algal metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene that consists of a benzene ring fused with a acephenanthrylene ring. It has a role as a mutagen. it is a colorless, aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of five fused rings and formed by the incomplete burning of organic matter. it is primarily found in gasoline exhaust, tobacco and cigarette smoke, coal tar, soot, amino acids and fatty acid pyrolysis products. This substance is used only for research purposes. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
1-(3, 6-Dihydroxy-2, 4-dimethoxyphenyl)-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxychalcones. These are organic compounds containing chalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. 1-(3, 6-Dihydroxy-2, 4-dimethoxyphenyl)-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Selegiline hydrochloride is a hydrochloride and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a dopaminergic agent and an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. It contains a (-)-selegiline(1+). 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from the cell extract of the entomopathogenic fungus Hirsutella kobayasii BCC 1660 and exhibits antimycobacterial and antimalarial activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimycobacterial drug and an antimalarial. It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining cariprazine with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used for treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. It has a role as a second generation antipsychotic, a dopamine agonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It contains a cariprazine(1+). 
it is a member of pyrroles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a cardiovascular drug. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is a twelve-membered oligopeptide comprising AcAsp, Lys, Ala, Thr, Ile, Gly, Phe, Glu, Val, Gln, Glu and Glu residues joined in sequence. 
Apigenin 7-O-neohesperidoside is an apigenin derivative having an alpha-(1->2)-L-rhamnopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety attached to the 7-hydroxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a neohesperidoside, a dihydroxyflavone and a glycosyloxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tyrosine and derivatives. Tyrosine and derivatives are compounds containing tyrosine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of tyrosine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a synthetic broad-spectrum fluorinated triazole with potential antifungal activity. it preferentially inhibits fungal cytochrome P450 sterol 14 alpha-demethylase (CYP51), an enzyme responsible for the conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell membrane. Enzyme inhibition by this agent leads to a decrease in ergosterol pool that distresses synthesis of fungal cell membrane, thereby increases cell membrane permeability, and promotes loss of essential intracellular elements. This ultimately causes fungal cell lysis and death. 
it is a hydracid. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanide. It is a tautomer of a hydrogen cyanide. 
it is a member of the class of phosphonic acids that is phosphonic acid substituted by an aminomethyl group. It is a metabolite of the herbicide glyphosate. It is a one-carbon compound and a member of phosphonic acids. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an (aminomethyl)phosphonate(1-). 
it is an N-[2-hydroxy-5-(1-hydroxy-2-{[1-(4-methoxyphenyl)propan-2-yl]amino}ethyl)phenyl]formamide in which both of the stereocentres have S configuration. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of an arformoterol. Formoterol is a long-acting beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. Formoterol selectively binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, thereby activating intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, improve mucociliary clearance and reduce mediator substance release from inflammatory cells, especially from mast cells. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
7alpha, 8alpha-Dihydroxycalonectrin, also known as 7Î±, 8Î±-dihydroxycalonectrin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. 7alpha, 8alpha-Dihydroxycalonectrin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 7alpha, 8alpha-dihydroxycalonectrin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Vinyl ethyl ether appears as a clear colorless low-boiling liquid (35-36Â°C) with an ether-like odor. Flash point below -50Â°F. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it, also known as fema 2892, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a floral, fruity, and mango taste. 
it is an emericellamide derived from N-[(2R,3R,4S)-3-hydroxy-2,4-dimethyldecanoyl]glycyl-L-valyl-L-leucyl-L-alanyl-L-alanine by the formal intramolecular condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group with the C-terminal carboxylic acid group. 
Cubebin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzylbutyrolactols. These are lignan compounds containing a 3, 4-dibenzyloxolan-2-ol moiety. Cubebin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cubebin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, cubebin can be found in herbs and spices and pepper (spice). This makes cubebin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Ewing's Sarcoma, Endometrial Cancer, and Uterine Cervical Cancer, among others. 
2, 3, 6-Trimethylphenol, also known as it or fema 3963, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ortho cresols. These are organic compounds containing an ortho-cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene bearing one hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 2, respectively. 2, 3, 6-Trimethylphenol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Glucobrassicin is an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid that is 1-thio-beta-D-glucopyranose having a 2-(1H-indol-3-yl)-N-(sulfooxy)ethanimidoyl group attached to the anomeric sulfur. It is an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid and an indolyl carbohydrate. It is a conjugate acid of a glucobrassicin(1-). 
it, also known as fema 3311, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid and derivatives. These are aromatic heterocyclic compounds containing a furan ring, which carries a carboxyl group or a derivative thereof. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cooked, creamy, and fried taste. 
Diphenylmethane-4,4-diisocyanate is a light yellow colored solid. It is not soluble in water. It may be toxic by ingestion, inhalation, or skin absorption. If in a solution it may or may not burn depending on the nature of the material and/or the solvent. It is used to make plastics. Diphenylmethane-4,4'-diisocyanate is a diisocyanate consisting of diphenylmethane with two isocyanate groups at the 4- and 4'-positions. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. It derives from a hydride of a diphenylmethane. 
it appears as a yellow or gray powder with an unpleasant odor that is used as a solid lubricant. Contact with the material may cause burns to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. It may be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having 3-hydroxyisovaleryl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a 3-hydroxyisovaleric acid. 
it is an amino cyclitol that is scyllo-inositol in which the hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 3 are replaced by guanidino groups. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of guanidines and an amino cyclitol. It derives from a scyllo-inositol. 
it is a bridged compound resulting from rearrangement of carvone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a bridged compound and a member of carvones. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Metastatic Breast Cancer, Increased Drug Resistance, Adenocarcinoma of Lung Stage IV, and Adenocarcinoma of Lung Stage IIIB, among others. it is an orally bioavailable, quinazoline-based, mall-molecular and irreversible pan-epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR or HER) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits EGFR (HER1 or ErbB1), HER2, HER4 and EGFR mutants, thereby inhibiting the proliferation of tumor cells that overexpress these receptors. EGFRs, cell surface receptor tyrosine kinases, are often upregulated in a variety of cancer cell types and play key roles in cellular proliferation and survival. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in citrus. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dinitroglycerol that is glycerol in which both of the primary hydroxy groups have been converted to the corresponding nitrate estes. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. It is a dinitroglycerol and a secondary alcohol. 
N-[(1R,2S)-2,6-dimethyindan-1-yl]-6-[(1R)-1-fluoroethyl]-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine is an N-(2,6-dimethylindan-1-yl)-6-(1-fluoroethyl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine in which the indane moiety has 1R,2S configuration and the fluoroethyl substituent has R configuration. A cellulose biosynthesis inhibitor, it is the major active component of the herbicide indaziflam. It has a role as a herbicide and a cellulose synthesis inhibitor. 
An alkaloid that has actions similar to NICOTINE on nicotinic cholinergic receptors but is less potent. It has been proposed for a variety of therapeutic uses including in respiratory disorders, peripheral vascular disorders, insomnia, and smoking cessation. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is benzaldehyde substituted by an ethoxy group at position 3 and by a (2-methylpropanoyl)oxy group at position 4. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It is an aromatic ether, a member of benzaldehydes and a carboxylic ester. 
3-iodobenzyl-5'-N-methylcarboxamidoadenosine is a derivative of adenosine in which the 5'-hydroxymethyl group is replaced by N-ethylcarboxamido and one of the hydrogens of the exocyclic amino function is substituted by a 3-iodobenzyl group. It has a role as an adenosine A3 receptor agonist. It is a member of adenosines, an organoiodine compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an adenosine. 
3, 4-Dimethoxy-1, 2-benzenedicarboxylic acid, also known as 3, 4-dimethoxyphthalic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. 3, 4-Dimethoxy-1, 2-benzenedicarboxylic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 4-dimethoxy-1, 2-benzenedicarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a it compound having D-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a D-galactonate. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it, an orally-available, selective progesterone receptor modulator, is in development to alleviate symptoms associated with both uterine fibroids and endometriosis. it is the acetate form of the 21-substituted-19-nor-progestin telapristone, an orally available selective progesterone receptor modulator (SPRM), with potential anti-progesterone and antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, it competitively binds to the progesterone receptor (PR) in progesterone-responsive tissue and inhibits PR-mediated gene expression. This interferes with progesterone activity in the reproductive system. As a result, this agent may suppress ovulation and inhibit proliferation of endometrial tissue. Also, this agent may prevent cell growth and induce apoptosis in estrogen receptor (ER) and PR-positive breast cancer cells through a reduction in progesterone levels, ER downregulation and a suppression of the expression of cyclin-dependent kinases (CDK) 2 and 4, ultimately leading to G1/S cell cycle arrest. Unlike some other SPRMs, this agent does not exert any estrogenic, androgenic, anti-estrogenic, and anti-androgenic activities. 
it8 is a heterodetic cyclic peptide consisting of somatostatin in which the amino terminus has been acylated by the fourteen membered peptide Ser-Ala-Asn-Ser-Asn-Pro-Ala-Met-Ala-Pro-Arg-Glu-Arg-Lys. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a rat metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide and a peptide hormone. It derives from a somatostatin. 
it is a cephalosporin having an acetoxy group at the 3-position and a 5-carboxy-5-oxopentanamido group at the 7-position. It is a conjugate acid of a (7R)-7-(5-carboxy-5-oxopentanamido)cephalosporanate(2-). 
it is a ketoaldehyde that is pentanal substituted by an oxo group at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a polyether that is 4,7,10-trioxatridecane substituted at positions 1 and 13 by an amino group and a 3-carboxypropanamido group respectively. Flexible and hydrophilic, it is used as an extended linker in solid-phase immunoassays. It is a polyether, a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary carboxamide and a primary amino compound. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, Breast Cancer, Kidney Cancer, and Ovarian Cancer, among others. 
Indol-3-ylmethylamine is an aralkylamino compound that is indole substituted at position 3 by an aminomethyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aminoalkylindole and an aralkylamino compound. It is a conjugate base of an indol-3-ylmethylamine(1+). 
it is a guanosine bisphosphate having diphosphate groups at both the 3' and 5'-positions. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(6-) and a it(5-). 
it is an alkyl cinnamate obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of 3,4-dimethoxycinnamic acid with methanol. It is an alkyl cinnamate and a dimethoxybenzene. It derives from a 3,4-dimethoxycinnamic acid. 
Poly-glutathione peptides composed of (Glu-Cys)n-Gly where n is two to seven. They are biosynthesized by glutathione gamma-glutamylcysteinyltransferase and are found in many PLANTS; YEASTS; and algae. They sequester HEAVY METALS. 
it is an imidazothiazole that is imidazo[2,1-b][1,3]thiazole in which the double bonds at the 2-3 and 5-6 positions have been reduced to single bonds and in which one of the hydrogens at position 6 is replaced by a phenyl group. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 
it is a 2-deoxy-alpha-D-glucoside having an inosityl group attached at the 1-position. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate base of a 1D-myo-inositol 2-ammonio-2-deoxy-alpha-D-glucopyranoside. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point -35Â°F. Boiling point 90Â°F. Less dense than water Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. it is a member of the class of alkylamines that is propane carrying an amino group at position 2. It is a member of alkylamines and a primary aliphatic amine. It is a conjugate base of an isopropylaminium. 
it is an aporphine alkaloid that has been isolated from Corydalis and exhibits inhibitory activity against enzymes such as tyrosine 3-monooxygenase and diamine oxidase. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an EC 1.4.3.22 (diamine oxidase) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.16.2 (tyrosine 3-monooxygenase) inhibitor. It is a member of phenols, an oxacycle, an aromatic ether and an aporphine alkaloid. It derives from an aporphine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is the simplest of the sulfamic acids consisting of a single sulfur atom covalently bound by single bonds to two amino groups and by double bonds to two oxygen atoms. 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point of 52Â°F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is an olefinic compound. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
it is an acyclic phosphorus acid anhydride obtained by condensation of two molecules of phosphoric acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a phosphorus oxoacid and an acyclic phosphorus acid anhydride. It is a conjugate acid of a diphosphate(1-). 
2-Hexyl-1, 3-dioxan-5-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxane, an aliphatic six-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. 2-Hexyl-1, 3-dioxan-5-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-hexyl-1, 3-dioxan-5-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a fatty alcohol consisting of a hydroxy function at C-1 of an unbranched saturated chain of 20 carbon atoms. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a fatty alcohol 20:0. 
Kadian is a DEA controlled drug. The active ingredient Morphine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. Kadian is classified by the DEA as a Narcotics (Opioids) drug. Street names for Morphine are Dreamer, Emsel, First Line, Godâ€™s Drug, Hows, MS, Mister Blue, Morpho, and Unkie. Morphine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of morphine, an opiate alkaloid isolated from the plant Papaver somniferum and produced synthetically. Morphine binds to and activates specific opiate receptors (delta, mu and kappa), each of which are involved in controlling different brain functions. In the central nervous and gastrointestinal systems, this agent has widespread effects including analgesia, anxiolysis, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, and gastrointestinal system smooth muscle contraction. 
it is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol consisting of a hydroxy function at C-1 of an unbranched saturated chain of 18 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol, a fatty alcohol 18:0 and a primary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an octadecane. 
it is a guanylhydrazone with potential antineoplastic activity. it competitively inhibits S-adenosyl-L-methionine decarboxylase (SAMD), an enzyme involved in the synthesis of polyamines, resulting in decreased proliferation of tumor cells, antimitochondrial effects, and p53-independent apoptosis. Polyamines, specifically spermine and spermidine, are essential for thymidine kinase production, DNA synthesis, and cell proliferation. (NCI04) 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-oxoglutarate(2-). 
it is a nonselective beta adrenal receptor blocker that is used to lower blood pressure. Nonselective beta adrenal receptor blockers may no longer be first line in the treatment of hypertension as newer generations of beta adrenal receptor blockers have higher selectivity and offer better rates of adverse effects.  it was granted FDA approval on 10 December 1979. it is a non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with antihypertensive and antiarrhythmic activities. it competitively blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors located in the heart and vascular smooth muscle, inhibiting the activities of the catecholamines epinephrine and norepinephrine and producing negative inotropic and chronotropic effects. This agent exhibits antiarrhythmic activity via the impairment of atrioventricular (AV) node conduction and a corresponding reduction in sinus rate. In the kidney, inhibition of the beta-2 receptor within the juxtaglomerular apparatus results in the inhibition of renin production and a subsequent reduction in angiotensin II and aldosterone levels, thus inhibiting angiotensin II-dependent vasoconstriction and aldosterone-dependent water retention. 
it, also known as Î³-taraxasterol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Gamma-taraxasterol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Gamma-taraxasterol can be found in a number of food items such as tea, alcoholic beverages, burdock, and soy bean. This makes Gamma-taraxasterol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless to pale-yellow oily liquid with an irritating odor. Flash point 135Â°F. Boiling point 300Â°F. Poisonous by ingestion and skin absorption. Emits toxic fumes when heated to high temperature. Insoluble in water and slightly denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Used to make other chemicals and as a fumigant. it is an isothiocyanate with the formula CH2=CHCH2N=C=S. A colorless oil with boiling point 152â„ƒ, it is responsible for the pungent taste of mustard, horseradish, and wasabi. It has a role as a lachrymator, a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. it is the vegetable oil pressed from seeds or the essential oil extracted from the seeds of Brassica nigra, Brassica juncea, or Brassica hirta. Mustard oil is used as a cooking oil, a source of omega-3 fatty acids, and in various medicinal preparations. 
it is the essential oil of Cymbopogon citratus. its have been used as a pesticide or preservative and may have antifungal properties. 
it appears as colorless yellowish or reddish liquid with odor of wintergreen. (USCG, 1999) it is a benzoate ester that is the methyl ester of salicylic acid. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a metabolite and an insect attractant. It is a benzoate ester and a member of salicylates. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is a member of the class of phenylhydrazines that is phenylhydrazine substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 4. It is a member of benzyl alcohols and a member of phenylhydrazines. 
Ecgonine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a gallate ester resulting from the formal condensation of gallic acid with the (5R)-hydroxy group of (-)-quinic acid (i.e. the hydroxy group on the same side of the cyclohexane ring as the carboxy group). It is a gallate ester, a monocarboxylic acid and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a gallic acid and a (-)-quinic acid. 
it appears as a purplish colored crystalline solid. Noncombustible but accelerates burning of combustible material. Explosion hazard if the combustible material is finely divided. Contact with liquid combustible materials may result in spontaneous ignition. Contact with sulfuric acid may result in fires or explosions. 
it is an annual or biennial herb native to the Mediterranean region, which has been used for centuries as a food and as a medicinal herb for treatment of liver conditions. it has not been implicated in causing liver injury and is still used widely as a liver tonic in patients with acute and chronic liver diseases. 
it is a threonine derivative that is L-threonine in which one of the amino hydrogens is substituted by and adenyloxycarbonyl group It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a L-threonine derivative. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate. 
it hydrate is the hydrochloride hydrate salt of ziprasidone. It is a hydrochloride and a hydrate. It contains a ziprasidone. Ziprasidone Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of ziprasidone, a benzothiazolylpiperazine derivative and an atypical antipsychotic agent with an antischizophrenic property. it functions as an antagonist at the dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2A and 5-HT1D receptors, and as an agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor. it also inhibits synaptic reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. The mechanism of action by which ziprasidone hydrochloride exerts its antischizophrenic effect is unknown but is potentially mediated through a combination of dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 antagonism. This agent also has antagonistic activity against histamine H1 and alpha-1-adrenergic receptors. 
Gadodiamide is a Paramagnetic Contrast Agent. The mechanism of action of gadodiamide is as a Magnetic Resonance Contrast Activity. Gadodiamide is a paramagnetic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA), with imaging activity upon magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). When placed in a magnetic field, gadodiamide generates a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons. This change in proton relaxation dynamics, iincreases the MRI signal intensity of tissues in which gadodiamide has accumulated; therefore, visualization of those tissues is enhanced. 
it is a C19-gibberellin, initially identified in Phaseolus coccineus. It differs from gibberellin A1 in the presence of an extra beta-OH group at C-3 (gibbane numbering). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lactone, a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid and a C19-gibberellin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the maleic acid salt of the (pharmacologically active) (S)-(+)-enantiomer of brompheniramine. A histamine H1 receptor antagonist, it is used for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions, including rhinitis and conjunctivitis. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. It contains a dexbrompheniramine. it is the maleate salt form of dexbrompheniramine, an alkylamine derivative with anticholinergic and sedative properties. Dexbrompheniramine is a histamine H1-receptor antagonist that competes with histamine for the H1-receptor sites on effector cells in the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. The antagonistic action of this agent blocks the activities of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief from the negative histamine-mediated symptoms of allergic reaction such as bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. 
(9Z,11Z,13S,15Z)-12,13-epoxyoctadecatrienoate is an octadecanoid anion that is the conjugate base of (9Z,11Z,13S,15Z)-12,13-epoxyoctadecatrienoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is an octadecanoid anion, a long-chain fatty acid anion and a polyunsaturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a (9Z,11Z,13S,15Z)-12,13-epoxyoctadecatrienoic acid. 
it is a pyrazolone that is 1,2-dihydro-3H-pyrazol-3-one substituted by a formaylamino group at position 4, methyl groups at positions 1 and 5 and a phenyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of aminophenazone. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a pyrazolone and a member of formamides. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with the odor of pepper. May irritate skin and eyes. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans that is 1-benzofuran-3(2H)-one, substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 6, a 4-hydroxybenzyl group at position 2 and a methoxy group at position 4. Isolated from the heartwood of Pterocarpus marsupium, it exhibits antihyperglycemic and antihyperlipidemic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, a hypoglycemic agent and an antilipemic drug. It is a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and a member of 1-benzofurans. 
it appears as a purplish colored crystalline solid. Noncombustible but accelerates the burning of combustible material. If the combustible material is finely divided the mixture may be explosive. May spontaneously ignite in contact with liquid combustible materials. Contact with sulfuric acid may cause fires or explosions. Used in medicine, as a disinfectant, and for many other uses. 
Bleomycin Sulfate is a mixture of the sulfate salts of basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin sulfate forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
it is a colorless liquid. Used as a soil insecticide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and an organochlorine insecticide. It has a role as an agrochemical and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. 
it is a water-soluble, injectable sodium salt form of parecoxib, an amide prodrug of the cyclooxygenase II (COX-2) selective, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) valdecoxib, with anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic activities. Upon intravenous or intramuscular administration, parecoxib is hydrolyzed by hepatic carboxyesterases to its active form, valdecoxib. Valdecoxib selectively binds to and inhibits COX-2. This prevents the conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandins, which are involved in the regulation of pain, inflammation, and fever. This NSAID does not inhibit COX-1 at therapeutic concentrations and, therefore, does not interfere with blood coagulation. 
it is a malonate ester that is diisopropyl malonate in which the two methylene hydrogens at position 2 are replaced by a 1,3-dithiolan-2-ylidene group. An insecticide and fungicide used to control a range of diseases including Pyricularia oryzae, Helminthosporium sigmoideum and Fusarium nivale. It has a role as an insecticide, an environmental contaminant, a phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a malonate ester, a member of dithiolanes and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a malonic acid. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dithiolane. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion that is the conjugate base of mesaconic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a fumarate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a mesaconic acid. 
4-[(2,4-dimethylphenyl)diazenyl]-3-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid carrying additional hydroxy and (2,4-dimethylphenyl)diazenyl substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'acid red 26'. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a cardiotoxic agent. It is a member of azobenzenes, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of naphthols. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-[(2,4-dimethylphenyl)diazenyl]-3-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as terpene lactones. These are prenol lipids containing a lactone ring. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a synthetic, terpene-based cannabinoid derivative devoid of cannabinoid receptors 1 and 2 agonist activity and with potential neuroprotective, antiinflammatory and antineoplastic activities. Functioning as an N-Methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist, it protects neuronal cells against NMDA and glutamate neurotoxicity. This agent also scavenges peroxy radicals and protects neurons from the damages of reactive oxygen species. Furthermore, it inhibits the activity of nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kB), thereby preventing the expression of NF-kB target genes, such as tumor necrosis factor alpha, cytokines and inducible nitric oxide synthase. As a result, this agent may restore apoptotic processes in cancerous cells. NF-kB is activated in a variety of cancer cells and plays a key role in the regulation of apoptosis and cellular proliferation. 
it is a cyclic tetrapyrrole that consists of porphyrin bearing four methyl substituents at positions 3, 8, 13 and 17, two vinyl substituents at positions 7 and 12 and two 2-carboxyethyl substituents at positions 2 and 18. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a itate and a it(2-). it is a tetrapyrrole containing 4 methyl, 2 propionic and 2 vinyl side chains that is a metabolic precursor for hemes, cytochrome c and chlorophyll. it is produced by oxidation of the methylene bridge of itogen by the enzyme itogen oxidase. 
it is a monohydroxy fatty acid with a lauric acid core substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group, which confers chirality; a component of cellular lipids in Pseudomonas strains. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a 2-hydroxy fatty acid. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxydodecanoate. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans that is 3-bromo-1-benzofuran which is substituted by a 2-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)phenyl group at position 2 and by a (2-butyl-5-carboxy-4-chloro-1H-imidazol-1-yl)methyl group at position 5. It is an angiotensin II receptor type 1 (AT1) antagonist and was in clinical trials for the treatment of hypertension (now discontinued). It has a role as an angiotensin receptor antagonist and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of tetrazoles, an imidazolyl carboxylic acid, a member of 1-benzofurans, an organochlorine compound, an organobromine compound, a monocarboxylic acid and a biaryl. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a nonpeptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity. it selectively competes with angiotensin II for the binding of the angiotensin II (AT1) receptor subtype 1 in vascular smooth muscle, thereby blocking angiotensin II-mediated vasoconstriction resulting in vascular dilatation. In addition, the antagonistic effect on AT1 in the adrenal gland, prevents angiotensin II-induced stimulation of aldosterone synthesis and secretion by the adrenal cortex. This blocks the effects of aldosterone leading to an increase in sodium excretion and water and eventually a reduction in plasma volume and blood pressure. 
2, 5-Diethyltetrahydrofuran, also known as fema 3743, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. 2, 5-Diethyltetrahydrofuran is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 5-diethyltetrahydrofuran is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 5-diethyltetrahydrofuran can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 5-diethyltetrahydrofuran a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in citrus. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a tricyclic diterpenoid with formula C20H24O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, an abietane diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound, a tricyclic diterpenoid, a member of p-quinones and a cyclic terpene ketone. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of procaine, a benzoic acid derivative with local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic properties. Procaine binds to and inhibits voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the ionic flux required for the initiation and conduction of impulses. In addition, this agent increases electrical excitation threshold, reduces rate of rise of action potential and slows nerve impulse propagation thereby causing loss of sensation. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles in which the hydrogen at position 1 is replaced by a trimethylsilyl group. it is a derivatisation agent used in gas chromatography/mass spectrometry applications. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It is a member of imidazoles and a N-silyl compound. 
it is a organochlorine compound comprising acetic acid having two 4-chlorophenyl substituents attached at the 2-position. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an acetic acid. 
Aspartate(1-) is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of aspartic acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an aspartic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an aspartate(2-). 
it is a member of the class of imidazopyridines that is 4-(1-ethylimidazo[4,5-c]pyridin-4-yl)-2-methylbut-3-yn-2-ol carrying additional 2-(4-amino-1,2,5-oxadiazol-3-yl and [(3S)-piperidin-3-yl]methoxy substituents at positions 4 and 7 respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an imidazopyridine, a member of piperidines, a 1,2,5-oxadiazole, an aromatic ether, a tertiary alcohol, an acetylenic compound, an aromatic amine and a primary amino compound. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine substituted by a (2R)-3-(dimethylamino)-2-methylpropyl group and a methoxy group at positions 10 and 2 respectively. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug, a dopaminergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, a cholinergic antagonist, a non-narcotic analgesic, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amine. It derives from a hydride of a 10H-phenothiazine. it is a phenothiazine and typical antipsychotic agent, with sedative/hypnotic, anxiolytic, antiemetic, analgesic and antipsychotic activities. Although the exact mechanism of action of it is not fully known, upon administration, this agent appears to act as an antagonist for a variety of receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), including adrenergic, dopamine, histamine, cholinergic and serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine; 5-HT) receptors. Blocking these receptors results in it's pharmacologic effects. 
it is a glycopeptide that is N-propionyl-L-alanyl-D-alpha-glutamine in which the pro-R hydrogen of the propionyl group has been replaced by the oxygen at position 3 of 2-acetamido-2-deoxy-beta-D-glucopyranose. A peptidoglycan constituent of both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. It has a role as an immunological adjuvant. 
it is a phlorotannin that consists of biphenyl-2,2',4,4',6-pentol substituted by a 2,4-dihydroxy-6-(2,4,6-trihydroxyphenoxy)phenoxy substituent at position 6'. Isolated from the marine brown alga Ecklonia cava, it exhibits anti-allergic, antioxidant and hypoglycemic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant, an anti-allergic agent and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a phlorotannin and an aromatic ether. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
it is a colorless, poisonous, flammable gas with a distinct sulfide odor. The gas is toxic and narcotic in low concentrations and presents a moderate fire hazard. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the container may rupture violently or rocket. It is used in the synthesis of organic thio compounds. it is a one-carbon compound in which the carbon atom is attached to an oxygen and a sulfur atom via double bonds. It is a one-carbon compound and an organosulfur compound. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is quercetin in which the hydroxy groups at position 3, 7 and 3' are replaced by methoxy groups. It has been isolated from Combretum quadrangulare and Euodia elleryana. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antiemetic. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt obtained by combining equimolar amounts of 4-diphenylacetoxy-N-methylpiperidine and iodomethane. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and a cholinergic antagonist. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an iodide salt. It contains a it(1+). 
it is a diarylmethane that is 2-chlorophenyl(phenyl)methane substituted on the methane carbon by a 2-(dimethylamino)ethyl group. Used in the treatment of dry cough, it suppresses the cough reflex by a direct effect on the cough centre in the medulla of the brain. It has a role as an antitussive. It is a diarylmethane and a tertiary amino compound. 
Arsenate(3-) is an it resulting from the removal of three protons from arsenic acid. It is a conjugate base of an arsenate(2-). 
it appears as white powder or crystals. Melting point 134.5Â°C. Slightly acidic and astringent taste with a faint odor. it is a hexadienoic acid with double bonds at C-2 and C-4; it has four geometrical isomers, of which the trans,trans-form is naturally occurring. It is a hexadienoic acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a sorbate. 
it is an alkylamine that is pent-3-en-1-amine substituted by a methyl group ay position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alkylamine and an olefinic compound. 
it is a pyrimidone that is cytosine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 3 is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pyrimidone, an aminopyrimidine and a methylcytosine. It derives from a cytosine. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweet ester odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Eye contact may cause irritation. Frequent or prolonged skin contact may cause irritation and dermatitis. Vapors irritate the eyes and respiratory tract and may cause headaches and dizziness. Vapors are anesthetic and may have other central nervous system effects. Vapors may also cause liver and kidney disorder. Ingestion of the liquid into the respiratory system may cause bronchopneumonia or pulmonary edema. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1. it is a next-generation, pyrazole non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. it retains activity against HIV viruses with mutations at position Y181, which confers resistance to efavirenz, etravirine, and nevirapine. 
it is a 20-hydroxy steroid, a 21-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid, a steroid aldehyde and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is an alkyl sulfide that is propan-1-ol substituted by a methylsulfanyl group at position 3. It is a volatile compound found in wines and produced during fermentation. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an aliphatic sulfide and a methyl sulfide. It derives from a propan-1-ol. 
it is a steroid saponin that is sitosterol attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has bee isolated from Panax japonicus var. major and Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a steroid saponin, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a sitosterol. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
Gadoversetamide is a paramagnetic extracellular magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) contrast agent that facilitates visualization of abnormal vascularity. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoversetamide decreases T1 (spin-lattice or longitudinal relaxation time) and T2 (spin-spin or transverse relaxation time) values in tissues where it accumulates. At the recommended dose, the effect is primarily on T1 relaxation time, and produces an increase in signal intensity. Gadoversetamide does not cross the intact blood-brain barrier. However, abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoversetamide. (NCI05) 
Valyl-glycine, also known as V-g dipeptide or val-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Valyl-glycine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C2' atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits, lima bean, and scarlet bean. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2, 3-Epoxysesamone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as vitamin k compounds. These are quinone lipids containing a methylated naphthoquinone ring structure, and vary in the aliphatic side chain attached at the 3-position. 2, 3-Epoxysesamone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 3-epoxysesamone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 3-epoxysesamone can be found in fats and oils. This makes 2, 3-epoxysesamone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyl alcohols. These are organic compounds containing the phenylmethanol substructure. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it(1+) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it(1+) can be found in mushrooms. This makes it(1+) a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydrochloride and a member of aminoacridines. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains an it cation. 
it is a disaccharide (sugar) synthesized from fructose and galactose, it is used to treat constipation and some liver diseases. Nondigestible in mammals, it passes unabsorbed down to the large intestine where resident bacteria consume it and produce lactic, acetic, and formic acids, which draw fluid into the bowel to soften the stool (laxative effect). Acidification of the colon contents attracts ammonia from the bloodstream, assisting stool excretion; helpful in liver failure when ammonia cannot be detoxified. (NCI04) 
S-propyl propanethiosulfinate is a sulfinic acid derivative obtained by formal condensation of propanethiosulfinic acid with propanethiol. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a rat metabolite, an antioxidant and an antibacterial agent. It is a sulfoxide and a sulfinic acid derivative. 
it, also known as fema 3848, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an ergot alkaloid produced by the fungus Aspergillus fumigatus that consists of ergoline substituted by two methyl groups at the 6 and 8beta positions, and by a hydroxy group at the 9beta position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 
it is a polyunsaturated fatty aldehyde that is decanal which has undergone formal dehydrogenation to introduce trans- double bonds at the 2-3 and 4-5 positions. A product of lipid peroxidation in cell membranes and a component of cooking oil fumes. It has a role as a nematicide and an apoptosis inducer. 
it is a hydroxy steroid that is the 20,22-dihydro derivative of digoxigenin, consisting of 5beta-cardanolide with hydroxy groups at the 3beta-, 12beta- and 14beta-positions. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid and a 14beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a digoxigenin. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining equimolar amounts of tropisetron and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antiemetic, an apoptosis inhibitor, an immunomodulator, a neuroprotective agent, a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist, a serotonergic antagonist and a trypanocidal drug. It contains a tropisetron(1+). Tropisetron Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of tropisetron, a selective, competitive serotonin 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 (5-HT3) receptor antagonist, with antinauseant and antiemetic activities. Tropisetron competitively binds to and blocks the action of serotonin at 5HT3 receptors peripherally on vagus nerve terminals located in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract as well as centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) of the area postrema of the central nervous system (CNS). This results in the suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
it is a tricyclic sesquiterpenoid that is pentalenene in which the 13-methyl group is oxidsed to the carboxylic acid and position 1 is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a 5-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a carbotricyclic compound. It derives from a pentalenene. It is a conjugate acid of a pentalenate. 
Tryptophanyl radical is an alpha-amino-acid radical derived from tryptophan. It derives from a tryptophan. It is a conjugate base of a tryptophanyl radical cation. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of a metal chelating agent with potential anti-angiogenic activity. Trientine chelates excess copper (Cu) ions in the body; the excess copper is subsequently removed from the body through the kidneys. As Cu is an essential cofactor for cuproenzymes, such as superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1), depletion of copper may inhibit the activation of signal transduction pathways required for cellular proliferation and angiogenesis. In addition, trientine may inhibit copper-induced secretion of interleukin-8 (IL-8). 
Phenylpropanolamine is an amphetamine in which the parent 1-phenylpropan-2-amine skeleton is substituted at position 1 with an hydroxy group. A decongestant and appetite suppressant, it is commonly used in prescription and over-the-counter cough and cold preparations. It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent and a nasal decongestant. Phenylpropanolamine is an alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with sympathomimetic activity. Phenylpropanolamine (PPA) binds to and activates alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract resulting in vasoconstriction and reduction in swelling of nasal mucous membranes and reduction in tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion. This agent also stimulates the release of norepinephrine from its storage sites resulting in the effects already described. Finally, PPA indirectly stimulates beta-receptors producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect. 
it is a it that is the conjugate base of (R)-pantothenic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-pantothenic acid. 
4-nitrophenyl alpha-D-galactoside is an alpha-D-galactopyranoside having a 4-nitrophenyl substituent at the anomeric position. It is an alpha-D-galactoside and a monosaccharide derivative. 
4-thiapentanal appears as a colorless to amber liquid with an extremely foul and persistent odor. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Contact may slightly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Moderately toxic. Used as a food additive. 3-methylthiopropanal is an aliphatic sulfide. It has a role as a prostaglandin antagonist. It derives from a propanal. 
An agent derived from licorice root. It is used for the treatment of digestive tract ulcers, especially in the stomach. Antidiuretic side effects are frequent, but otherwise the drug is low in toxicity. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 4 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(+)-cis-5, 6-Dihydro-5-hydroxy-4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kavalactones. These are lactones, which is structurally characterized by a benzene ring and a pyranone moiety, linked to each other to form a 4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one skeleton (+)-cis-5, 6-Dihydro-5-hydroxy-4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (+)-cis-5, 6-dihydro-5-hydroxy-4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (+)-cis-5, 6-dihydro-5-hydroxy-4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one can be found in beverages. This makes (+)-cis-5, 6-dihydro-5-hydroxy-4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Iron(3+) phosphate is an inorganic phosphate having Fe(3+) as the counterion. It is an iron molecular entity and an inorganic phosphate. It contains an iron(3+). 
Deuterated chloroform is a deuterated compound that is is an isotopologue of chloroform in which the hydrogen atom is replaced with a deuterium. Commonly used as a solvent in proton MNR spectroscopy. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. It is a deuterated compound and a member of chloromethanes. 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is 5-chloro-6-methylpyrimidin-4-amine in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 1-[4-(difluoromethoxy)phenyl]propyl group. It is an aminopyrimidine, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound, an aromatic ether and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N-tert-butyl-N'-methyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a chloro group at position 6. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a chloro-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from a 6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine. 
it, also known as (methylthio)ethane, 9CI or 2-thiabutane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylthioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by two alkyl groups. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a cabbage, citrus, and coffee tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products, fishes, and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Ionic monomeric contrast media. Usually the sodium or calcium salts are used for examination of the gall bladder and biliary tract. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p704) 
it is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 5-amino-2,4-di-tert-butylphenol. Used for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. It has a role as a CFTR potentiator and an orphan drug. It is a quinolone, a member of phenols, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
A natural tocopherol and one of the most potent antioxidant tocopherols. It exhibits antioxidant activity by virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus. It has four methyl groups on the 6-chromanol nucleus. The natural d form of alpha-tocopherol is more active than its synthetic dl-alpha-tocopherol racemic mixture. 
it is a bile acid glycine conjugate having 3alpha,7alpha-dihydroxy-5beta-cholan-24-oyl as the bile acid component. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a chenodeoxycholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a lignan that is 7,9':7',9-diepoxylignane substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 4' and methoxy groups at positions 3, 3', 5 and 5' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a furofuran and a polyether. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 2-oxoglutaramic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-methyl-2-oxoglutaramate. 
it is a carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5,5-dimethyl-8-(quinolin-3-yl)-5,6-dihydronaphthalene-2-carboxylic acid with the amino group of p-aminobenzoic acid. It is a neutral retinoic acid receptor (RAR) alpha-selective antagonist (Ki = 2.5 nM). It displays no significant effect on nuclear receptor corepressor (NCoR) binding; moderately decreases SMRT binding to RAR. It antagonizes agonist-induced coactivator (CoA) recruitment. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor alpha antagonist. It is a member of quinolines, a member of benzoic acids and a secondary carboxamide. 
A photo-active pigment localized in prolamellar bodies occurring within the proplastids of dark-grown bean leaves. In the process of photoconversion, the highly fluorescent it is converted to chlorophyll. 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is the 4'-methyl ether derivative of luteolin. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite and a tropomyosin-related kinase B receptor agonist. It is a monomethoxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone and a 3'-hydroxyflavonoid. It derives from a luteolin. 
it is the active metabolite of senna glycoside [DB11365] known for its laxative effect. It is commonly produced by plants of the Rheum species. 
Guanidinoacetate is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of guanidinoacetic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a guanidinoacetic acid. 
it, also known as it or dhea, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. Thus, it is considered to be a steroid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
Vinylpyridines, stabilized is a colorless to light yellow liquid that consists of a mixture of isomers. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Floats on water. Contact irritates skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion. 
it is a itactone in which the tricyclic lactone moiety bears a hydroxy substitutuent at the position para to the gem-dimethyl group. It is a itactone, a secondary alcohol and an indenofuran. 
Stearatochromium chloride complex is a viscous dark-green liquid. pH of 1% aqueous solution: 2.6-2.7. Alcoholic odor. Forms slight sludge after 3 months. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a tripeptide composed of two L-glutamic acid units and L-isoleucine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-isoleucine. 
it is a glycol in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 1 and 2 of isopentane. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an isopentane. 
3,3&#39;-dimethoxybenzidine appears as colorless crystals or a light brown powder. Turns violet on standing. Carcinogen. it is a colorless, highly toxic, crystalline compound that turns violet when exposed to air. it is used exclusively as an intermediate for the production of dyes and pigments. Exposure to this substance causes skin irritation and sensitization. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
Ethyl crotonate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a but-2-enoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of isocrotonic acid with ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isocrotonic acid. 
it (GW120918) is an oral bioenhancer that targets multiple drug resistance in tumors. In many cases, the appearance of multidrug resistance in cancer is due to a change in expression of protein inhibitors. As of August 2007 it was not listed on GSK's product pipeline. Development is assumed to have been discontinued. 
it is a purine 2',3'-dideoxyribonucleoside in which the nucleobase component is specified as adenine. It has a role as an EC 4.6.1.1 (adenylate cyclase) inhibitor and an EC 3.5.4.4 (adenosine deaminase) inhibitor. It is a purine 2',3'-dideoxyribonucleoside and a member of adenosines. it is a prodrug form of didanosine, a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of adenosine. 
it is a glutathione conjugate in which the thiol hydrogen of glutathione has been replaced by a 2,4-dinitrophenyl group. It derives from a glutathione. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it(2-) is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy groups of malonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mitochondrial respiratory-chain inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it, also known as 1-phenyl-2-thiapropane or alpha-(methylthio)toluene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a beef, burnt, and chicken taste. 
it is an isoxazole (1,2-oxazole) compound having a methyl substituent at the 5-position and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 3-position. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antiinfective agent, an epitope, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent, a P450 inhibitor, an EC 1.1.1.153 [sepiapterin reductase (L-erythro-7,8-dihydrobiopterin forming)] inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a drug allergen. It is a sulfonamide, a member of isoxazoles, a substituted aniline and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a sulfonamide bacteriostatic antibiotic that is most commonly used in combination with trimethoprim as the drug Bactrim. it competitively inhibits dihydropteroate synthase preventing the formation of dihydropteroic acid, a precursor of folic acid which is required for bacterial growth. 
, also known as 3-HPTMF or hepta-3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, can be found in citrus, mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), sweet bay, and sweet orange. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Praseodymium acetate is a praseodymium molecular entity in which a praseodymium(3+) cation is associated with three acetate anions. Used as a heavy atom in protein crystallography experiments (multiple-wavelength anomalous dispersion, multiple isomorphous replacement). It is a praseodymium molecular entity and an acetate salt. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00416442 (Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetic Study of Single and Multiple Intravenous Doses of it in Healthy Subjects.). 
it is a 2-aminooctadecane-1,3-diol having (2S,3R)-configuration. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a xanthophyll that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 6 have been acylated by an all-trans-2,6,10,15,19,23-hexamethyltetracosa-2,4,6,8,10,12,14,16,18,22-decaenoyl group and a 12-methyltetradecanoyl group, respectively. it is responsible for the characteristic yellow-golden colour which gives the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus its name. It has a role as an antioxidant, a biological pigment, a virulence factor and a metabolite. It is a xanthophyll, a D-aldohexose derivative, a triol, a fatty acid ester and an apo carotenoid triterpenoid. It derives from a beta-D-glucose and a 12-methyltetradecanoic acid. 
it is a carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of ascr#7 with the amino group of 4-aminobenzoic acid. A metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, it is dauer inducing and strongly male attracting. It has a role as a pheromone and a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a carboxamide, a monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a 4-aminobenzoic acid and an ascr#7. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
A tripeptide that stimulates the release of THYROTROPIN and PROLACTIN. It is synthesized by the neurons in the PARAVENTRICULAR NUCLEUS of the HYPOTHALAMUS. After being released into the pituitary portal circulation, it (was called TRF) stimulates the release of TSH and PRL from the ANTERIOR PITUITARY GLAND. 
it is a 3beta-sterol formed from lanosterol by reduction across the C-24-C-25 double bond. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a lanosterol. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is phenylacetic acid substituted by a piperidin-2-yl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the drug methylphenidate. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of piperidines. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-methionine with the amino group of L-asparagine. It derives from a L-methionine and a L-asparagine. 
it is an alkyl sulfate that is the sulfuric ester of decanol. It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a kairomone. It derives from a decan-1-ol. It is a conjugate acid of a decyl sulfate. 
it is the phosphate salt form of primaquine, a synthetic, 8-aminoquinoline derivative with antimalarial properties. Although its mechanism of action is unclear, primaquine bind to and alter the properties of protozoal DNA. This agent eliminates tissue (exo-erythrocytic) malarial infection, preventing the development of the erythrocytic forms of the parasite which are responsible for relapses in Plasmodium vivax and ovale malaria. Primaquine is active against late hepatic stages (hypnozoites, schizonts). 
it is an N-acylethanolamine resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of prostaglandin D2 with the amino group of ethanolamine. It is a N-acylethanolamine and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a prostaglandin D2. 
it is a straight-chain 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid comprising a butyric acid core with a single hydroxy substituent in the 3- position; a ketone body whose levels are raised during ketosis, used as an energy source by the brain during fasting in humans. Also used to synthesise biodegradable plastics. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a hydroxybutyric acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxybutyrate. 
it is an imidazotetrazine that is 3,4-dihydroimidazo[5,1-d][1,2,3,5]tetrazine which is substituted at positions 3, 4, and 8 by methyl, oxo, and carboxamide groups, respectively. A prodrug for MTIC (5-(3-methyltriaz-1-en-1-yl)-1H-imidazole-4-carboxamide, formed by spontaneous hydrolysis of it in the body), it is used as an oral alkylating agent for the treatment of newly diagnosed malignant glioblastoma multiforme (concomitantly with radiotherapy) and malignant melanoma. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a prodrug and an alkylating agent. It is an imidazotetrazine, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a triazene derivative. it is a triazene analog of dacarbazine with antineoplastic activity. As a cytotoxic alkylating agent, it is converted at physiologic pH to the short-lived active compound, monomethyl triazeno imidazole carboxamide (MTIC). The cytotoxicity of MTIC is due primarily to methylation of DNA at the O6 and N7 positions of guanine, resulting in inhibition of DNA replication. Unlike dacarbazine, which is metabolized to MITC only in the liver, it is metabolized to MITC at all sites. it is administered orally and penetrates well into the central nervous system. (NCI04) 
it, also known as ethyl ethanethioate or fema 3282, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thioesters. These are organic compounds containing an ester of thiocarboxylic acid, with the general structure RC(=S)XR' (R=H, alkyl, aryl; R'=alkyl, aryl; X=O, S). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-ethyl thioacetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a coffee, fruity, and garlic taste. 
Guaiol acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Guaiol acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, guaiol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Guaiol acetate has a fatty, green, and rose taste. 
it, also known as fema 3748, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, menthyl lactate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a mild cooling, alcohol, and camphoraceous taste. 
it is the maleic acid salt of brompheniramine. A histamine H1 receptor antagonist, it is used for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions, including rhinitis and conjunctivitis. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent. It contains a brompheniramine. it is the maleate salt form of brompheniramine, an alkylamine derivative and a histamine antagonist with anticholinergic and sedative properties. it competes with histamine for the H1 receptor. This diminishes the actions of histamine on effector cells and decreases the histamine-mediated symptoms of allergic reaction such as bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanones. Furanones are compounds containing a furan ring bearing a ketone group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with one of the carboxy groups of any alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid. It derives from an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(5-). 
it is a straight-chain alkane with 12 carbon atoms. It has been isolated from the essential oils of various plants including Zingiber officinale (ginger). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside consisting of docosanoic (behenic) acid having a beta-D-glucosyloxy group at position 13. It derives from a docosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 13-(beta-D-glucosyloxy)docosanoate. 
An alkaloid derived from the bark of the cinchona tree. It is used as an antimalarial drug, and is the active ingredient in extracts of the cinchona that have been used for that purpose since before 1633. Quinine is also a mild antipyretic and analgesic and has been used in common cold preparations for that purpose. It was used commonly and as a bitter and flavoring agent, and is still useful for the treatment of babesiosis. Quinine is also useful in some muscular disorders, especially nocturnal leg cramps and myotonia congenita, because of its direct effects on muscle membrane and sodium channels. The mechanisms of its antimalarial effects are not well understood. 
Cyclosporine is a calcineurin inhibitor and potent immunosuppressive agent used largely as a means of prophylaxis against cellular rejection after solid organ transplantation. Cyclosporine therapy can be associated with mild elevations in serum bilirubin and transient serum enzyme elevations, and to rare instances of clinically apparent cholestatic liver injury. Cyclosporine is a natural cyclic polypeptide immunosuppressant isolated from the fungus Beauveria nivea. The exact mechanism of action of cyclosporine is not known but may involve binding to the cellular protein cytophilin, resulting in inhibition of the enzyme calcineurin. This agent appears to specifically and reversibly inhibit immunocompetent lymphocytes in the G0-or G1-phase of the cell cycle. T-lymphocytes are preferentially inhibited with T-helper cells as the primary target. Cyclosporine also inhibits lymphokine production and release. (NCI04) 
it is a dimethoxybenzene that is the methyl ether derivative of veratryl alcohol. It derives from a (3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)methanol. 
it atom is a copper group element atom and a metal allergen. It has a role as a micronutrient and an Escherichia coli metabolite. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 29, and atomic weight 63. 
it is a novel, small molecule medication approved in September 2019 for the treatment of constipation-predominant irritable bowel-syndrome (IBS-C). It was first designed and synthesized in 2012. As an inhibitor of the sodium/hydrogen exchanger isoform 3 (NHE3) transporter, it is the first and currently only medication within its class and therefore exists as a novel alternative in the treatment of IBS-C. 
it (anhydrous) is a racemate composed of equimolar amounts of dextroit and levoit. The monohydrate form is commonly used as a local anaesthetic. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, an amphiphile, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.6.3.8 (Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor and a local anaesthetic. It contains a levoit (anhydrous), a dextroit (anhydrous) and a bupivacaine(1+). Bupivacaine Hydrochloride is a long-acting, amide-type local anesthetic. Bupivicaine reversibly binds to specific sodium ion channels in the neuronal membrane, resulting in a decrease in the voltage-dependent membrane permeability to sodium ions and membrane stabilization; inhibition of depolarization and nerve impulse conduction; and a reversible loss of sensation. 
Glycerol 1-propanoate, also known as 1-monoit, 8CI or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-monoacylglycerols. These are monoacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at the 1-position. Glycerol 1-propanoate is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, glycerol 1-propanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Triptotriterpenic acid A is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C30H48O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium hypoglaucum. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a diol. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
Methanearsonic acid, [sodium salt] appears as odorless colorless solid. Solution may be red or green. Solid may float or sink in water; solid and solution mix with water. (USCG, 1999) 
Ceftriaxone is a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic which has been associated with development of biliary sludge and biliary colic when given parenterally and in high doses. Ceftriaxone is also associated with rare instances of immunoallergic, usually cholestatic hepatitis similar to the injury associated with other cephalosporins. it is the sodium salt form of ceftriaxone, a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
it, also known as episamarcandin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety with a ketone group at the C2 carbon atom (1-benzopyran-2-one). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the aminoglycoside sulfate salt that is the sulfate salt of neomycin B; a component of neomycin sulfate. It contains a framycetin. Neomycin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of neomycin, a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces fradiae with antibacterial activity. Neomycin is an antibiotic complex consisting of 3 components: the two isomeric components B and C are the active components, and neomycin A is the minor component. Neomycin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, neomycin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. it is the sulfate salt form of framycetin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces lavendulae (decaris), mainly containing neomycin B, with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity. Framycetin is used mostly as a topical preparation and is poorly absorbed. Upon parenteral administration, this agent can cause nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity. 
it is a steroid phosphate which is the 17-O-phospho derivative of estramustine. It is a steroid phosphate, a carbamate ester and an organochlorine compound. It derives from an estramustine. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a C4-dicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid substituted at position 2 by a chloro group. It is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid, a C4-dicarboxylic acid and a chlorocarboxylic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. 
it is a yellow oily liquid with a cinnamon odor and sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) (E)-it is the E (trans) stereoisomer of it, the parent of the class of its. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, an EC 4.3.1.24 (phenylalanine ammonia-lyase) inhibitor, a vasodilator agent, an antifungal agent, a flavouring agent, a plant metabolite and a sensitiser. It is a 3-phenylprop-2-enal and a member of its. 
it is an alpha-diketone that is ethane-1,2-dione substituted by phenyl groups at positions 1 and 2 respectively. It is an alpha-diketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it appears as white or off-white to yellow fine powder with a chlorine odor. pH of saturated aqueous solution: 4. (NTP, 1992) 
it appears as a colorless liquid. May be decomposed by water. Severely irritates skin and eyes. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Denser than water and vapors heavier than air. Flash point 50Â°F. Used to make other chemicals. 
An antiprotozoal agent produced by Streptomyces cinnamonensis. It exerts its effect during the development of first-generation trophozoites into first-generation schizonts within the intestinal epithelial cells. It does not interfere with hosts' development of acquired immunity to the majority of coccidial species. Monensin is a sodium and proton selective ionophore and is widely used as such in biochemical studies. 
it is the (R)-oxido diastereomer of L-methionine S-oxide. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a D-methionine (S)-S-oxide. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a branched chain amino acid that consists of 3-methylpentanoic acid bearing an amino substituent at position 2. It is an alpha-amino acid and a branched-chain amino acid. 
it is a cationic sphingoid obtained by protonation of the amino group of 1-it; major species at pH 7.3. It is a cationic sphingoid and a Deoxysphingoid base. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-it. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 1H-benzimidazole substituted by a pyrrolidin-1-ylmethyl and a 4-chlorobenzyl groups at positions 2 and 1 respectively. It has a role as a histamine antagonist. It is a member of pyrrolidines, a member of benzimidazoles and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a 1H-benzimidazole. 
it is a sulfonamide derivate and carbonic anhydrase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits tumor-associated carbonic anhydrase IX (CAIX), which may result in increased cell death in hypoxic tumors. As a hypoxia-inducible transmembrane glycoprotein, CAIX catalyzes the rapid interconversion of carbon dioxide and water into carbonic acid, protons, and bicarbonate ions, helping to maintain acidification of the tumor microenvironment and enhance resistance to cytotoxic therapy in some hypoxic tumors. 
A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732) 
it is a lithium salt in which the counterion is bromide. The anhydrous salt forms cubic crystals similar to common salt. It is a bromide salt and a lithium salt. 
A 21-amino acid peptide produced in a variety of tissues including endothelial and vascular smooth-muscle cells, neurons and astrocytes in the central nervous system, and endometrial cells. It acts as a modulator of vasomotor tone, cell proliferation, and hormone production. (N Eng J Med 1995;333(6):356-63) 
it is a member of the class of benzodioxoles that is 1,3-benzodioxole which is substituted at positions 5 by a 2-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-3-oxoprop-1-en-3-yl group and at positions 4 and 6 by methoxy groups. A very rare type of isoflavonoid-related 1,2-diaryl-2-propenone found in Dysphania glomulifera (red crumbweed) and D. littoralis, the enone moiety is particularly reactive, undergoing ready Michael addition of water and methanol. it has been found to cause extrahepatic biliary atresia (obliteration or discontinuity of the extrahepatic biliary system, resulting in obstruction to bile flow) in a zebrafish model. It has a role as a toxin and a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzodioxoles, an enone, an aromatic ketone, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. 
it is an optically active form of glyceric acid having L-configuration. It is a glyceric acid and a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is an enantiomer of a D-glyceric acid. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 2, an ethyl group at position 4, a hydroxy group at position 7, a 1-pyrrolidinylmethyl group at position 6 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is a member of chromenes, a monomethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and a member of pyrrolidines. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3,4,5-trisphosphate in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are both specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(7-). 
it is a member of the class of cyclohexadienes that is cyclohexa-1,3-diene substituted by a 3-oxobutyl group at position 1 and by methyl groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a flavouring agent. It is a cyclohexadiene and a methyl ketone. 
it is a methylbenzoic acid in which the methyl substituent is located at position 4. It is a conjugate acid of a p-toluate. 
it is a member of the class of acetamides resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of 1-phenylethylamine with 1 mol eq. of acetic acid. It is a member of acetamides and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a 1-phenylethylamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products and mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion of sedoheptulose 7-phosphate arising from deprotonation of both OH groups from the phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a sedoheptulose 7-phosphate. 
it is an aldehyde consisting of phenylacetaldehyde having three hydroxy substituents located at the alpha-, 3- and 4-positions It has a role as a metabolite, a neurotoxin and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of catechols and an aldehyde. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid isolated from Cyperus rotundus and Cyperus articulatus and has been shown to exhibit antiplasmodial activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. It is an enone, a sesquiterpenoid and a bridged compound. 
it is a 1-ribosylimidazolecarboxamide in which the carboxamide group is situated at position 4 of the imidazole ring, which is further substituted at position 5 by an amino group. A purine nucleoside analogue and activator of AMP-activated protein kinase, it is is used for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia and is reported to have cardioprotective effects. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an aminoimidazole, a nucleoside analogue and a 1-ribosylimidazolecarboxamide. it is a 5-aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide (AICA) riboside, a ribnucleoside analog, and a nucleotide biosynthesis precursor with B cell pro-apoptotic activity. Following cellular uptake, it is phosphorylated to AICA ribotide (ZMP), which mimics 5'-adenosine monophosphate (AMP). Both AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and AMPK kinase (AMPKK) are activated by ZMP, which appears to be necessary for the induction of apoptosis. it-induced apoptosis also appears to require cytochrome c release from mitochondria and caspase activation and is p53-independent. However, the exact mechanism of it-induced apoptosis is unknown. T cells are significantly less susceptible than B cells to it-induced apoptosis. AMPK regulates several cellular systems including the cellular uptake of glucose, the beta-oxidation of fatty acids, protein synthesis, and the biogenesis of glucose transporter 4 (GLUT4) and mitochondria. 
it is a dimer of hematin in which an iron-oxygen bond links the central iron of one hematin to the oxygen of one of the carboxylates of the adjacent hematin. 
it is a tripeptide composed of two L-leucine units joined to L-alanine by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-alanine. 
Mercury acetate is a white crystalline solid with an odor of vinegar. Sensitive to light. Density 3.25 g / cm3. Toxic by inhalation (dust, etc.) and by ingestion. 
it is the N-acetyl derivative of D-tryptophan. It is a D-tryptophan derivative and a N-acetyl-D-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. It is an enantiomer of a N-acetyl-L-tryptophan. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetraalkylammonium salts. These are organonitrogen compounds containing a quaternary ammonium substituted with four alkyl chains. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and mitochondria. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of myristic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 14:0, a 2-saturated fatty acid anion, an omega-methyl fatty acid anion and a 2,3-saturated fatty acid(1-). It is a conjugate base of a tetradecanoic acid. 
it is a crystalline solid. Soluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a nitrile that is acetonitrile where one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 2-thienyl group. It is a nitrile and a member of thiophenes. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
it appears as a yellow crystalline solid high explosive. Easily ignited and burns vigorously when dry. Insoluble in water. Will burn when wet, although may be difficult to ignite. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. May explode under exposure to heat or fire. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. 
it is a 5-methyl-5-(4-phenoxyphenyl)-3-(phenylamino)-1,3-oxazolidine-2,4-dione that is the (active) (S)-enantiomer of famoxadone. It prevents spore germination and mycelial growth of sensitive fungi and is used in agriculture for the control of various fungal diseases. It has a role as a fungicide, an agrochemical, a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and a quinone outside inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-famoxadone. 
it is a trionic acid that consists of propionic acid substituted at positions 2 and 3 by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glycerate. 
it is a synthetic anticholinergic agent that is used as an inhalant for treatment of acute bronchospasm due to chronic bronchitis and emphysema. it has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a synthetic derivative of the alkaloid atropine with anticholinergic properties. it antagonizes the actions of acetylcholine at parasympathetic postganglionic effector cell junctions. When inhaled, it binds competitively to cholinergic receptors in the bronchial smooth muscle thereby blocking the bronchoconstrictor actions of the acetylcholine (Ach) mediated vagal impulses. Inhibition of the vagal tone leads to dilation of the large central airways resulting in bronchodilation. 
it A3 is a C19-gibberellin that is a pentacyclic diterpenoid responsible for promoting growth and elongation of cells in plants. Initially identified in Gibberella fujikuroi,it differs from gibberellin A1 in the presence of a double bond between C-3 and C-4. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a lactone, a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a C19-gibberellin. It is a conjugate acid of a gibberellin A3(1-). 
it solution is a colorless aqueous with a slight sulfur dioxide odor. Used as a reducing agent and chemical preservative. 
it is a tertiary amino compound that is ammonia in which the nitrogens have been replaced by (6-chloropyridin-3-yl)methyl, 2,2-difluoroethyl, and 5-oxo-2,5-dihydrofuran-3-yl groups, respectively. A nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (AChR) agonist, it is used as an insecticide to control sucking pests in a variety of crops. It has a role as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist and an insecticide. It is a butenolide, a monochloropyridine, an organofluorine insecticide, an enamine and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 4-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is an orally active inhibitor of long-chain fatty acid oxidation with hypoglycemic activity. By inhibiting fatty acid oxidation, it increases carbohydrate oxidation attributed to the glucose-fatty acid cycle (Randle cycle) resulting in decreased blood glucose levels. 
it is a member of the class of azulenes that is azulene substituted by methyl groups at positions 4, 6 and 8 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an azulene. 
it is a macrolide that is oleandolide having a 2,6-dideoxy-3-O-methyl-alpha-Larabino-hexopyranosyl (alpha-L-oleandrosyl) residue attached at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a macrolide, a glycoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from an oleandolide. 
L, L-Cyclo(leucylprolyl), also known as cyclo(leu-pro) or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. L, L-Cyclo(leucylprolyl) exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). L, L-Cyclo(leucylprolyl) has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, L, L-cyclo(leucylprolyl) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, L, L-cyclo(leucylprolyl) can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes L, L-cyclo(leucylprolyl) a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
5-[(9Z)-octadecenoyloxy]octadecanoic acid is a fatty acid ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (9Z)-octadecenoic acid with the hydroxy group of 5-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. It is a fatty acid ester and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 5-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid and an oleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-[(9Z)-octadecenoyloxy]octadecanoate. 
4, 5-Dimethyl-2-propylthiazole, also known as 2-propyl-4, 5-dimethyi-thiazole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 4, 5-Dimethyl-2-propylthiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4, 5-dimethyl-2-propylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4, 5-Dimethyl-2-propylthiazole exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, 4, 5-dimethyl-2-propylthiazole can be found in mushrooms. This makes 4, 5-dimethyl-2-propylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a germacranolide isolated from Lychnophora antillana and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a germacranolide, an acetate ester, a cyclic ketone and a secondary alcohol. 
it is an amino acid amide that is L-alanine in which the carboxy OH group is replaced by NH2. It is an amino acid amide and a L-alanine derivative. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it appears as a water-white liquid without significant odor. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Flash point 300Â°F. Eye contact may produce severe irritation and direct skin contact may produce mild irritation. Used in the manufacture of a variety of products including plastics, insect repellents, safety glass, and lacquer coatings. it is a phthalate ester, a diester and a methyl ester. 
it is a member of the class of resolvins that is (5E,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 4 and 17 (the 4S,17S-stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diol, a resolvin, a secondary allylic alcohol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
it is a heteroarenecarbaldehyde in which a formyl group is located at position 6 of 2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxine. It is a heteroarenecarbaldehyde and a benzodioxine. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having tetradecanoyl (myristoyl) as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an O-acylcarnitine and a tetradecanoate ester. 
it is a novel hemoglobin S polymerization inhibitor for the treatment of sickle cell disease. This is a genetically inherited condition most prevalent in the Middle East, Africa, and certain parts of India. Sickle cell disease can lead to excruciating pain, stroke, infection, and various other complications arising from the blockage of blood vessels.  it was granted accelerated FDA approval on November 25 2019, as it likely to be a promising treatment for the 100,000 individuals in the U.S. suffering from the disease, in addition to 20 million others worldwide. It was developed by Global Blood Therapeutics, Inc. and is unique from other drugs used to treat sickle cell anemia, such as [hydroxyurea], [L-glutamine], and [crizanlizumab] due to its novel mechanism of action. it is an orally bioavailable modulator and stabilizer of sickle cell hemoglobin (HbS), with potential use in the treatment of sickle cell disease (SCD). Upon administration, it targets and covalently binds to the N-terminal valine of the alpha chain of HbS. This stabilizes HbS, thereby improving oxygen binding affinity. The binding of it to HbS prevents HbS polymerization, reduces sickling, decreases red blood cell (RBC) damage and increases the half-life of RBCs. This improves blood flow and decreases hemolytic anemia. 
it is a steroid lactone of Chan su (toad venom), a Chinese medicine obtained from the skin venom gland of toads. A specific Na/K-ATPase protein inhibitor, it is used as a cardiotonic and central nervous system (CNS) respiratory agent, an analgesic and anesthetic, and as a remedy for ulcers. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is a steroid lactone and an epoxy steroid. It derives from a bufanolide. it is a bufadienolide toxin originally isolated from the venom of the Chinese toad Bufo gargarizans; it is also one of the glycosides in the traditional Chinese medicine ChanSu, with potential cardiotonic activity. Although the mechanism of action of bufogenin is still under investigation, this agent is a specific Na+/K+-ATPase inhibitor and has been shown to reduce blood pressure in a rat model of preeclampsia. 
, also known as amyl ketone or (C11) ketones, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. Thus, is considered to be an oxygenated hydrocarbon lipid molecule. exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in herbs and spices. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of trimethylamine, obtained via protonation of the nitrogen; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a trimethylamine. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of valacyclovir. Valacyclovir is an acyclovir prodrug that, after metabolization, inhibits viral DNA replication. It is used in the management of herpes simplex and varicella zoster infections, as well as prophylactically for human cytomegalovirus infections. 
Garcinia acid, also known as it or D-erythro-form, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tricarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly three carboxyl groups. Garcinia acid is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, garcinia acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, garcinia acid can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes garcinia acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of formamides that is formamide substituted by a butyl group at the N atom. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a formamide. 
it is a secondary amino compound that is noradrenaline in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by an isopropyl group. A sympathomimetic acting almost exclusively on beta-adrenergic receptors, it is used (mainly as the hydrochloride salt) as a bronghodilator and heart stimulant for the management of a variety of cardiac disorders. It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent, a beta-adrenergic agonist, a bronchodilator agent and a cardiotonic drug. It is a member of catechols, a secondary amino compound and a secondary alcohol. it is a synthetic catechol compound and potent beta adrenergic agonist with peripheral vasodilator, bronchodilator, and cardiac stimulating properties. it exerts its effect on the beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the myocardium, thereby increasing heart rate and cardiac output. In addition, it acts on beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar and vascular smooth muscle, thereby causing smooth muscle relaxation. 
Silver Sulfadiazine is a sulfonamide-based topical agent with antibacterial and antifungal activity. Silver sulfadiazine may act through a combination of the activity of silver and sulfadiazine. When this agent interacts with sodium chloride-containing body fluids, silver ions are released slowly and sustainably into wounded areas. Ionized silver atoms catalyze the formation of disulfide bonds leading to protein structural changes and inactivating thiol-containing enzymes; silver ions may also intercalate DNA thereby interfering with replication and transcription of bacteria. As a competitive inhibitor of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), sulfadiazine inhibits bacterial dihydropteroate synthase, thereby resulting in disruption of folic acid metabolism and ultimately DNA synthesis. 
Very toxic polypeptide isolated mainly from AMANITA phalloides (Agaricaceae) or death cup; causes fatal liver, kidney and CNS damage in mushroom poisoning; used in the study of liver damage. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine ribonucleoside monophosphates. These are nucleotides consisting of a purine base linked to a ribose to which one monophosphate group is attached. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as morphinans. These are polycyclic compounds with a four-ring skeleton with three condensed six-member rings forming a partially hydrogenated phenanthrene moiety, one of which is aromatic while the two others are alicyclic it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an alkylating antineoplastic agent no longer used in the United States, because it induces chromosomal aberration and causes cancer. (NCI) 
it is a member of the class of pyrimidones that is uracil substituted by chloro and (2-iminopyrrolidin-1-yl)methyl groups at positions 5 and 6 respectively. Used (as the hydrochloride salt) in combination with trifluridine, a nucleoside metabolic inhibitor, for treatment of advanced/relapsed unresectable colorectal cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.4.2.4 (thymidine phosphorylase) inhibitor. It is a pyrimidone, an organochlorine compound, a carboxamidine and a member of pyrrolidines. It derives from a uracil. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Metastatic Breast Cancer. it is a novel pyrrolopyrimidine derivative, and an orally available inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase AKT (protein kinase B) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits all AKT isoforms. Inhibition of AKT prevents the phosphorylation of AKT substrates that mediate cellular processes, such as cell division, apoptosis, and glucose and fatty acid metabolism. A wide range of solid and hematological malignancies show dysregulated PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling due to mutations in multiple signaling components. By targeting AKT, the key node in the PIK3/AKT signaling network, this agent may be used as monotherapy or combination therapy for a variety of human cancers. 
Vinblastine sulfate appears as an anticancer drug. White to slightly yellow crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an alkaloid sulfate salt. It derives from a vincaleukoblastine. Vinblastine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of vinblastine, a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Catharanthus roseus (Madagascar periwinkle) with antineoplastic properties. Vinblastine disrupts microtubule formation and function during mitosis and interferes with glutamic acid metabolism. (NCI04) 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a glutaramate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxoglutaramic acid. 
it is a hydroxyanthraquinone that is 1,3,6,8-tetrahydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone bearing a 1-hydroxy-5-oxohexyl substituent at position 2 (the S-enantiomer). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a polyketide, a polyphenol, a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone and a methyl ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of catechols and a chlorophenylethylene. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be very toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make pesticides and pharmaceuticals. 
it, also known as 3-epipapyriferate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 24:0 in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as lauroyl (dodecanoyl). It has a role as a LRH-1 agonist. It is a phosphatidylcholine 24:0 and a dodecanoate ester. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt composed of 3-{[cyclopentyl(hydroxy)phenylacetyl]oxy}-1,1-dimethylpyrrolidin-1-ium and bromide ions in a 1:1 ratio. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. it is a synthetic quaternary ammonium that is an anticholinergic agent with antispasmodic activity. it competitively binds to peripheral muscarinic receptors in the autonomic effector cells of, and inhibits cholinergic transmission in smooth muscle, cardiac muscle, the sinoatrial (SA) node, the atrioventricular (AV) node, exocrine glands and in the autonomic ganglia. Blockage of cholinergic transmission, in smooth muscle cells located in the gastrointestinal tract and the bladder, causes smooth muscle relaxation and prevents the occurrence of painful spasms. In addition, it inhibits the release of gastric, pharyngeal, tracheal, and bronchial secretions. 
Butoxamine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of butoxamine, a selective beta-2 adrenergic antagonist. Butoxamine is used primarily in animal and tissue experiments to identify beta-2 receptors and their function. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-leucine and L-tryptophan residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-tryptophan. 
it is a pyrimidone that is thymine which is substituted at position 6 by a [(4R,5R)-4-(hydroxymethyl)thymin-5-yl]methyl group. It is a pyrimidone and a primary alcohol. It derives from a thymine. 
it is an organic phosphonate having O-1-carboxyvinyl and C-carboxy substituents. It is an organic phosphonate and a phosphonic ester. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-carboxylatovinyl carboxylatophosphonate(3-). 
it is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of acetic acid with 1-hydroxy group of nonane-1,3-diol. It is a secondary alcohol and an acetate ester. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Flash point 136Â°F. Slightly less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are much heavier than air and may be narcotic in high concentrations. May emit acrid smoke and irritating fumes when heated to high temperatures. Used as a solvent and in making rubber. 
Benzene phosphorus dichloride appears as a colorless, fuming liquid. Density 1.32 g / cm3. Flash point 102Â°C. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is an acetate ester that is eugenol acetate substituted by an acetoxy group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a phenylpropanoid and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a eugenol. 
a-Methyldopamine, also known as catecholamphetamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as amphetamines and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing or derived from 1-phenylpropan-2-amine. a-Methyldopamine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). a-Methyldopamine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, a-methyldopamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
N(3)-oxalyl-L-2,3-diaminopropionic acid is an N(beta)-acyl-L-2,3-diaminopropionic acid in which the acyl group is oxalyl. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N(3)-(carboxylatoformyl)-L-2,3-diaminopropionate(1-). 
Internalized-arginylglycylaspartic Acid Cyclic Peptide is a 9 amino acid-based cyclic, tumor specific homing, arginine-glycine-aspartic acid (RGD)-based peptide (CRGDKRGPDC), with tumor penetrating activity. The it contains the RGD motif as well as the C-terminal end binding (CendR) motif that increases internalization. Upon administration, the RGD motif of the it peptide is able to specifically target tumors by binding to alphavbeta3/alphavbeta5 integrins on tumor endothelium. In turn, it is cleaved by specific tumor proteases, which exposes the positively charged CendR motif. This motif binds to neuropilin-1 (NRP-1), a receptor overexpressed on certain tumor cells. This increases vascular permeability of tumor blood vessels and promotes tumor penetration. Compared to other RGD peptides, this agent is able to both improve delivery and increase the accumulation of co-administered or conjugated chemotherapeutic agents in the tumor. 
it is an indoledione that is the 2,3-diketo derivative of indole. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 
it appears as odorless white or yellowish-white crystals or a white or creamy-white crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a short acting oil-based injectable formulation of testosterone. Testosterone inhibits gonadotropin secretion from the pituitary gland and ablates estrogen production in the ovaries, thereby decreasing endogenous estrogen levels. In addition, this agent promotes the maintenance of male sex characteristics and is indicated for testosterone replacement in hypogonadal males. (NCI04) 
it is an organic cation that is the cationic portion of it sulfate (a prodrug for isavuconazole, an antifungal agent used for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and invasive mucormycosis). It has a role as a prodrug, an ergosterol biosynthesis inhibitor, an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agent. 
it is an optically active form of N-ethylasparagine having L-configuration. It is a N-ethylasparagine, a L-asparagine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a 2-oxo aldehyde consisting of pyruvaldehyde having a phosphooxy group at the 3-position. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it, also known as astraisoflavan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as yellow wax bean, herbs and spices, green bean, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
(R)-tetrahydropapaverine is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid that is (R)-norlaudanosoline in which the four phenolic hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. It is an aromatic ether, a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid, a benzyltetrahydroisoquinoline, a polyether and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a (R)-norlaudanosoline. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-tetrahydropapaverine(1+). 
it is a xanthene dye that is fluorescein bearing bromine substituents at positions 2', 4', 5' and 7' (on the xanthene ring) and iodine substituents at position 2, 3, 4, and 5 (on the phenyl ring). The dipotassium salt is the biological stain 'it'. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a member of benzoic acids, a tetrachlorobenzene, a xanthene dye, a member of phenols and an organoiodine compound. It derives from a fluorescin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00247312 (Pd-103 Dose De-Escalation for Early Stage Prostate Cancer: A Prospective Randomized Trial). 
it (it) appears as white crystals or tan crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it which is often referred to simply as it and is the reference for a number of compounds which are similar structurally and have it-like toxicity. A substance extremely toxic to mammals, with a wide variation in sensitivity among species. Longer-term exposure of test mammals to lesser amounts can affect reproduction, cause birth defects, damage the liver and suppress the immune system. Several studies suggest that exposure to it increases the risk of several types of cancer in people. Animal studies have also shown an increased risk of cancer from exposure to it. The WHO and the USA DHHS have determined that it is a human carcinogen. (NCI) 
(-)-it is the (-)-enantiomer of it. It is a conjugate acid of a (-)-it. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclohexyl 3-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an apple, banana, and fruity taste. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is (S)-hydratropic acid substituted at position 3 on the phenyl ring by a benzoyl group. A cyclooxygenase inhibitor, it is used to relieve short-term pain, such as muscular pain, dental pain and dysmenorrhoea. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzophenones. It derives from a (S)-hydratropic acid. 
it is an N-monoacetylalkane-alpha,omega-diamine that is the N-monoacetyl derivative of putrescine. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a N-monoacetylalkane-alpha,omega-diamine and a N-substituted putrescine. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetylputrescinium. 
it appears as a crystalline solid or a liquid with a sharp odor. Toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption. A severe eye irritant (a lachrymator). Used to make other chemicals. it is an alpha-bromoketone that is acetophenone substituted by a bromo group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alpha-bromoketone and a member of acetophenones. 
it is a pyridinium ion, an arenesulfonate oxoanion, a pyrrolidinone and a member of 1,3-oxazoles. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
1alpha,25-dihydroxy-2beta-(3-hydroxypropoxy)vitamin D3 is a hydroxycalciol that is calcitriol with a 3-hydroxypropoxy group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tetrol, a member of D3 vitamins and a hydroxycalciol. It derives from a calcitriol. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,4,5,6-tetrahydro-6-oxonicotinate. 
it is a non-thiol angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is rapidly converted in vivo by de-esterification into its active form itat. itat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. itat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid that is tetratriacontane in which one of the methyl groups has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and an ultra-long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tetratriacontanoate. 
it is a non-ribosomally synthesised dipeptide that consists of L-alanyl and anticapsin units linked by a peptide bond. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dipeptide, an epoxide, an alicyclic ketone and a peptide antibiotic. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it powder appears as a silvery or gray solid in the form of dust. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Toxic by inhalation and by ingestion. May burn and emit toxic fumes if heated or exposed to flames. Used to make electric storage batteries and semiconductors. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 51, and atomic weight 121.76. 
it appears as odorless creamy-white to pale-yellow powder or white crystalline solid. Bitter taste. pH (2% aqueous suspension) 4.8-7. (NTP, 1992) it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-one substituted by a chloro group at position 7, a hydroxy group at position 3 and phenyl group at position 5. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an anxiolytic drug. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an organochlorine compound. it is a synthetic benzodiazepine derivative with anxiolytic and sedative hypnotic properties. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it appears to enhance gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor affinity for GABA, thereby prolonging synaptic actions of GABA. 
it is the hydroxamate of phosphonoacetic acid. It is a hydroxamic acid and an organic phosphonate. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it, also known as 5'-diphosphoribose, adenosine or itose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleotide sugars. These are purine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human prostate tissue. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and mitochondria. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it can be converted into D-ribose 5-phosphate through the action of the enzyme ADP-sugar pyrophosphatase. In humans, it is involved in the nicotinate and nicotinamide metabolism pathway, the azathioprine action pathway, the mercaptopurine action pathway, and the glutamate metabolism pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the xanthinuria type I pathway, succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency, adenosine deaminase deficiency, and the mitochondrial dna depletion syndrome pathway. 
it is a it hexasaccharide in which the glucose residue at the reducing end is in the pyranose ring form and has alpha configuration at the anomeric carbon atom. 
it, also known as it or phe-asp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a camphene (2,2-dimethyl-3-methylenebicyclo[2.2.1]heptane) that has S configuration at position 1 and R configuration at position 4. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-camphene. 
it is a primary aliphatic amine that is ethane-1,2-diamine substituted by an isopropyl group at the N atom. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a primary aliphatic amine and a secondary aliphatic amine. 
it is a member of the class of benzoyl-CoAs having 2-aminobenzoyl as the S-acyl group. It derives from a benzoyl-CoA and an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
((18)O)water is a form of water consisting of two hydrogen atoms covalently bonded to an it atom. It is a water and an isotopically modified compound. It contains an it atom. 
it is an indole alkaloid isolated from a marine-derived fungal strain Aspergillus sydowii PFW1-13 and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is an azaspiro compound, an indole alkaloid, an aromatic ether and a member of indolones. 
it is a glutamic semialdehyde that is L-glutamic 5-semialdehyde substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic 5-semialdehyde. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-oxazoles that is 1,3-oxazol-4(5H)-one which is substituted at the 2 and 5-pro-S positions by methylamino and [(1R)-1-(1H-indol-3-yl)ethyl] groups, respectively. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an EC 6.1.1.2 (tryptophan--tRNA ligase) inhibitor, an antibacterial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles, a secondary amino compound and a member of indoles. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is a member of the class dodecylbenzenesulfonic acids that is benzenesulfonic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 of the phenyl ring is substituted by a dodecyl group. 
it is a member of the class of catechols that is benzene-1,2-diol substituted by a nitro group at position 4.It is the by-product of the hydroxylation of p-nitrophenol. It has a role as a lipoxygenase inhibitor and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of catechols. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-4-nitrophenolate. 
it is a vetispirane sesquiterpenoid that consists of (2R,5S,6S,8S,10R)-8-hydroxy-10-methyl-2-(prop-1-en-2-yl)spiro[4.5]decane bearing a formyl substituent at position 6. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a phytoalexin. 
it is a novel selective A1 adenosine receptor agonist that is currently being evaluated for the conversion of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) to sinus rhythm. It is being developed by CV Therapeutics, Inc. 
it appears as white crystals. Poisonous. Used in silver plating, as a bactericide and in the manufacture of antiseptics. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
L-2-aminohexano-6-lactam is a 2-aminohexano-6-lactam derived from L-lysine. It is a L-lysine derivative and a 2-aminohexano-6-lactam. It is a conjugate base of a L-2-ammoniohexano-6-lactam. It is an enantiomer of a D-2-aminohexano-6-lactam. 
it is a tetracenomycin that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of the antitumour drug mithramycin by Streptomyces argillaceus. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an aromatic ketone, a cyclic ketone, an enol, an enone, an ether, a polyphenol, a tetracenomycin and a disaccharide derivative. 
it is a naturally occurring, radioactive substance. In the environment, thorium exists in combination with other minerals, such as silica. Small amounts of thorium are present in all rocks, soil, water, plants, and animals. Soil contains an average of about 6 parts of thorium per million parts of soil (6 ppm). More than 99% of natural thorium exists in the form of it. It breaks down into two parts-a small part called \ 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of cyclic di-AMP; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a cyclic di-AMP. 
it appears as white crystals. Used as a fungicide. Insoluble in water. it is a member of the class of phthalimides that is phthalimide in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a trichloromethylthio group. An agricultural fungicide, it has been used to control mildew, leaf spot, and other diseases in crops sice the 1950s. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organochlorine compound, an organosulfur compound and a phthalimide fungicide. It derives from a phthalimide. 
it is a 3-(carbamoyloxymethyl)cephalosporin compound having a 7-(2Z)-2-(furan-2-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetamido side chain. It has a role as a drug allergen. It is a 3-(carbamoyloxymethyl)cephalosporin, a member of furans and an oxime O-ether. it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, second-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, berry, and cherry taste. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavone having the hydroxy groups are located at positions 3', 4', 5 and 7 as well as an additional methyl substituent at position 3. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a 3'-hydroxyflavonoid. 
it is a novel alkylating agent that has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, Small Intestine Cancer, and Myelodysplastic Syndromes, among others. it is a sulfonyl hydrazine prodrug with antineoplastic activity. it releases the DNA chloroethylating agent 90CE after entering the blood stream; 90CE chloroethylates alkylates the O6 position of guanine, resulting in DNA crosslinking, strand breaks, chromosomal aberrations, and disruption of DNA synthesis. Intracellular metabolism of this agent also releases methyl isocyanate which inhibits O6-alkyl-guanine transferase, an enzyme involved with DNA repair. 
it is an oxopentanoic acid with the oxo group in the 5-position. It is an omega-oxo fatty acid, an aldehydic acid and an oxopentanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-oxopentanoate. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is p-cresol in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
5-(5-chloro-2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-N-ethyl-4-(4-methoxyphenyl)pyrazole-3-carboxamide is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-(5-chloro-2,4-dihydroxyphenyl)-4-(4-methoxyphenyl)pyrazole-3-carboxylic acid with the amino group of ethylamine. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor. It is a member of pyrazoles, a member of resorcinols, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a monomethoxybenzene and an aromatic amide. 
it is a glucosamine phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-glucosamine. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ginkgolides and bilobalides. These are diterpene lactones with a structure based either on the gingkolide or the bilobalide skeleton. The ginkgolide skeleton is a very rigid structure consisting of hexacyclic C20 trilactone. The cis-fused F/A/D/C ring junction forms an empty semi-ball hole, the D ring contains a cage form tetrahydrofuran ring which occupies the center of the empty hole, and the oxygen atoms of the D, C and F ring and 10-hydroxyl group consist of an analogous crown ether structure. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ginkgolide J is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ginkgolide J can be found in fats and oils and ginkgo nuts. This makes ginkgolide J a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Yellowish oil. Used to control insects, mites, and nematodes. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical and a nematicide. It derives from a 1-phenyl-1H-1,2,4-triazol-3-ol. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is 5-hydroxykynurenine bearing an N-formyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a 5-hydroxykynurenine and a N-formylkynurenine. 
Phendimetrazine is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a member of the classo of biphenyls that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-methyl-4'-(trifluoromethoxy)[1,1'-biphenyl]-3-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 6-(2,6-dimethylmorpholin-4-yl)pyridin-3-amine. Used (as its phosphate salt) for treatment of locally advanced basal cell carcinoma. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a SMO receptor antagonist and a Hedgehog signaling pathway inhibitor. It is a member of morpholines, an aminopyridine, a member of biphenyls, a member of benzamides, an aromatic ether, an organofluorine compound and a tertiary amino compound. it is an orally bioavailable small-molecule smoothened (Smo) antagonist with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to the hedgehog (Hh)-ligand cell surface receptor Smo, which may result in the suppression of the Hh signaling pathway and, so, the inhibition of tumor cells in which this pathway is abnormally activated. The Hh signaling pathway plays an important role in cellular growth, differentiation and repair. Inappropriate activation of Hh pathway signaling and uncontrolled cellular proliferation, as is observed in a variety of cancers, may be associated with mutations in the Hh-ligand cell surface receptor Smo. 
it is a CDP-D-abequose in which the anomeric centre of the pyranose fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it appears as colorless to pale yellow liquid. May explode if exposed to heat , shock, or friction. Material must be stored and transported in temperature controlled container. Insoluble in water. 
it is a benzenedicarboxylic acid that is isophthalic acid (benzene-1,3-dicarboxylic acid) in which the hydrogens at positions 4 and 5 have been replaced by hydroxy groups. An inhibitor of brain glutamate decarboxylase. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an EC 4.1.1.15 (glutamate decarboxylase) inhibitor. It is a benzenedicarboxylic acid and a member of catechols. 
it is an aminopyrimidine that is pyrimidin-2-one having the amino group located at position 4. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyrimidine nucleobase, a pyrimidone and an aminopyrimidine. it is a pyrimidine base found in DNA and RNA that pairs with guanine. 
it is a member of the class of xanthenes that is used as a Zn(2+)-selective fluorescent indicator. It has a role as a histological dye, a chelator and a visual indicator. It is a member of xanthenes, a cyclic ketone, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, an organofluorine compound, a tricarboxylic acid and a substituted aniline. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid that is 4,4a,5,6,7,8-hexahydronaphthalen-2(3H)-one which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 4 and 4a, and by an isopropenyl group at position 6 (the 4R,4aS,6R stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fragrance and an insect repellent. It is a sesquiterpenoid, an enone and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is a sulfoxide that is omeprazole in which one of the methyl hydrogens at position 5 on the pyridine ring is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of pyridines, a sulfoxide and an aromatic ether. It derives from an omeprazole. 
it is a partial agonist of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor and is used to help in smoking cessation. it has been associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy and, since approval and its widescale use, with rare instances of clinically apparent mild liver injury. it is a partial agonist of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR) subtype alpha4beta2. Nicotine stimulation of central alpha4beta2 nAChRs located at presynaptic terminals in the nucleus accumbens causes the release of the neurotransmitter dopamine, which may be associated with the experience of pleasure; nicotine addiction constitutes a physiologic dependence related to this dopaminergic reward system. As an AChR partial agonist, it attenuates the craving and withdrawal symptoms that occur with abstinence from nicotine but is not habit-forming itself. 
it appears as a colorless to amber liquid with an unpleasant, penetrating odor. Density 1.265 g / cm3. Sinks in water and slowly dissolves. Freezing point 7Â°C (46Â°F). Boiling point 175Â°C (347Â°F). 
it is a primary ammonium ion obtained by protonation of the primary amino function of (1R,2S)-tranylcypromine. It is a conjugate acid of a (1R,2S)-tranylcypromine. It is an enantiomer of a (1S,2R)-tranylcypromine(1+). 
it is an N-arylpiperazine in which the aryl group is specified as 2-[(2,4-dimethylphenyl)sulfanyl]phenyl. Used (as its hydrobromide salt) for treatment of major depressive disorder. It has a role as an antidepressant, an anxiolytic drug, a serotonergic agonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It is a N-arylpiperazine and an aryl sulfide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an alditol 1-phosphate that is the 1-O-phospho derivative of mannitol with D-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an alditol 1-phosphate and a hexitol phosphate. It derives from a D-mannitol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a proanthocyanidin consisting of two molecules of (+)-catechin joined by a bond between positions 4 and 6' in alpha-configuration. it is isolated from leaves and fruit of cowberry Vaccinium vitis-idaea and other plants. It can also be found in grape seeds and in beer. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a hydroxyflavan, a proanthocyanidin and a biflavonoid. It derives from a (+)-catechin. 
Glycyl-4-aminobutyric Acid is an N-acyl-gamma-aminobutyric acid where the acyl group is specified as aminoacetyl. It is a glycine derivative and a N-acyl-gamma-aminobutyric acid. 
it is an organic cation that is tetrazolium substituted with a dimethylthiazolyl group and two phenyl groups. The cation exists in two resonance forms. It is a member of tetrazoles and an organic cation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety with a ketone group at the C2 carbon atom (1-benzopyran-2-one). it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, coumarin-4-carboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, coumarin-4-carboxylic acid can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes coumarin-4-carboxylic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C, Chronic HCV Infection, and Chronic Hepatitis C Infection. 
Menthone 1, 3-glyceryl ketal belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Menthone 1, 3-glyceryl ketal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, menthone 1, 3-glyceryl ketal is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a progestogen-like compound used as a cattle feed additive for its growth promoting effects and suppression of estrus (heat) in heifers. Critics have claimed that hormones used as growth promotants in cattle may cause breast cancer. (NCI) 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline-2,4(1H,3H)-dione which is substituted at position 3 by a 2-[4-(p-fluorobenzoyl)piperidin-1-yl]ethyl group. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent, a cardiovascular drug and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of piperidines, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ketone. it is a quinazoline derivative and serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5HT) receptor subtype 2 (5-HTR2) antagonist with potential antihypertensive and antiplatelet activities. Following administration, it binds to and inhibits the signaling mediated by 5-HTR2, which inhibits serotonin-dependent vasoconstriction and platelet activation. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of gevotroline and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent and a dopamine receptor D2 antagonist. It contains a gevotroline(1+). 
it is the ethyl ester of phenylglyoxylic acid. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a phenylglyoxylic acid. 
it is a borate ion. It is a conjugate base of a diit. It is a conjugate acid of a borate. 
it is a steroid sulfate that is cholesterol substituted by a sulfoxy group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a cholesterol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
1D-myo-inositol 1, 4-bisphosphate(4-) is also known as Inositol 1, 4-bis(phosphate), (L)-isomer. 1D-myo-inositol 1, 4-bisphosphate(4-) is considered to be soluble (in water) and acidic. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with the odor of pepper. Less dense than water. May irritate skin and eyes. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. 
it, also known as tetrapterol g, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3'-prenylated isoflavanones. These are isoflavanones featuring a C5-isoprenoid unit at the 3'-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Alanyl-serine, also known as a-S dipeptide or ala-ser, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Alanyl-serine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the family of mitomycins that exhibits antibiotic and antitumour properties. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a mitomycin and an ether. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a methylazirinopyrroloindoledione antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces caespitosus. Bioreduced it generates oxygen radicals, alkylates DNA, and produces interstrand DNA cross-links, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis. (NCI04) 
it, also known as 3-(methylthio)propanal, 9CI or di-et acetal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cabbage and pungent taste. 
it is a clear light yellow to dark brown viscous liquid. Discolors and stains badly. Mercaptan-like odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a quinoline that is 1,2-dihydroquinoline bearing three methyl substituents at position 2, 2 and 4 as well as an ethoxy substituent at position 6. It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide, an UDP-glucuronosyltransferase activator, a neuroprotective agent, a Hsp90 inhibitor, a genotoxin and a food antioxidant. It is a member of quinolines and an aromatic ether. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, epiacorone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, epiacorone can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes epiacorone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as 6847-93-4 or 9-berberoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as protoberberine alkaloids and derivatives. These are alkaloids with a structure based on a protoberberine moiety, which consists of a 5, 6-dihydrodibenzene moiety fused to a quinolizinium and forming 5, 6-Dihydrodibenzo(a, g)quinolizinium skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ite is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ite can be found in fruits and tea. This makes ite a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an agent with antilipidemic activity. Animal studies show that it is 10 times more active than clofibrate in reducing serum total cholesterol and suggest that it blocks hepatic cholesterol synthesis in a step between acetate and HMG-CoA. 
it is a red crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit the spread to the environment. It is used to make catalysts for use in chemical manufacture. 
it, also known as N-3-cl-4-hmpa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminobenzoic acids. These are benzoic acids containing an amine group attached to the benzene moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, N-(2-methyl-3-chloro-4-hydroxyphenyl)anthranilic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an unsaturated heparin disaccharide that is 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 4 has been glycosylated by a 4-deoxy-2-O-sulfo-alpha-L-threo-hex-4-enopyranosiduronic acid moiety. Sequence: DUA2S-GlcNS. It is an oligosaccharide sulfate, an unsaturated heparin disaccharide and a member of sulfamic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a pyridinium salt, a tertiary amine and an organic iodide salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a 2-[4-(dimethylamino)styryl]-1-methylpyridinium. 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the combination of equimolar amounts of midodrine and hydrogen chloride. Midodrine is a direct-acting sympathomimetic with selective alpha-adrenergic agonist activity. The hydrochloride salt is used as a peripheral vasoconstrictor in the treatment of certain hypotensive states. The main active moiety is its major metabolite, deglymidodrine. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent and a vasoconstrictor agent. It contains a midodrine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of midodrine, a direct-acting prodrug and sympathomimetic agent with antihypotensive properties. Midodrine is converted to its active metabolite, desglymidodrine by deglycination reaction. Desglymidodrine selectively binds to and activates alpha-1-adrenergic receptors of the arteriolar and venous vasculature. This causes smooth muscle contraction and leads to an elevation of blood pressure. Desglymidodrine diffuses poorly across the blood-brain barrier, and is therefore not associated with effects on the central nervous system. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02580552 (Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of MRG-106 in Patients With Mycosis Fungoides (MF), CLL, DLBCL or ATLL). 
it is a member of the class of pyridines that is isonicotinic acid which is substituted by chlorine at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as an EC 1.11.1.11 (L-ascorbate peroxidase) inhibitor. It is an organochlorine compound, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of pyridines. 
[Hyp(3)]-bradykinin is an oligopeptide that is an analogue of bradykinin in which the third amino acid, proline, is replaced with hydroxyproline. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a bradykinin receptor agonist. It is an oligopeptide and a peptide hormone. It derives from a bradykinin. It is a conjugate base of a [Hyp(3)]-bradykinin(2+). 
5-nitro-4-toluidine appears as a orange-red or yellow crystalline solid. Insoluble in water. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make dyes and pigments. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
2-(morpholin-4-yl)ethanol is a primary alcohol that is ethanol in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a morpholin-4-yl group. It is a primary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a member of morpholines. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, matricarin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, matricarin can be found in fats and oils, german camomile, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes matricarin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as yellow prisms or bright yellow powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of acetophenones that is acetophenone substituted at the para-position by a nitro group. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of acetophenones. 
it is a member of the class of morpholines that is 2,6-dimethylmorpholine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a cyclododecyl group. It is a fungicide used for the control of powdery mildew, particularly in rose culture. It has a role as a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a tertiary amino compound, a macrocycle and a morpholine fungicide. 
it is the disodium salt form of ticarcillin, a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. Similar to carbenicillin in action, ticarcillin inactivates the penicillin-sensitive transpeptidase C-terminal domain by opening the lactam ring. This inactivation prevents the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan strands, thereby inhibiting the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to incomplete bacterial cell wall synthesis and eventually causes cell lysis. 
it is a diatomic oxygen, an inorganic radical anion, an oxygen radical and a member of reactive oxygen species. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it appears as a fine yellow powder. Sensitive to light. Irritating to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Highly toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make dyes and insecticides. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ortho cresols. These are organic compounds containing an ortho-cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene bearing one hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 2, respectively. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-2-methylphenol can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 4-ethyl-2-methylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the 8-amino-7-oxo derivative of nonanoic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 7-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an amino acid. It derives from a nonanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an 8-amino-7-oxononanoate. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
L-trans-alpha-Amino-2-carboxycyclopropaneacetic acid, also known as alpha-(carboxycyclopropyl)glycine or itI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). L-trans-alpha-Amino-2-carboxycyclopropaneacetic acid is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, L-trans-alpha-amino-2-carboxycyclopropaneacetic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, L-trans-alpha-amino-2-carboxycyclopropaneacetic acid can be found in fruits. This makes L-trans-alpha-amino-2-carboxycyclopropaneacetic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the triphosphate OH groups of TNP-ATP. It derives from an ATP(4-). It is a conjugate base of a TNP-ATP. 
it appears as a white crystalline or granular solid with a slight odor. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption. Used as a herbicide. it is the organic sodium salt of dimethylarsinate. It has a role as a buffer and a herbicide. It contains a dimethylarsinate. 
it, also known as fema 2640, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a bergamot, fruity, and lavender tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a light odor of rancid butter. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a branched fatty acid comprising propanoic acid carrying a methyl branch at C-2. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and a fatty acid 4:0. It is a conjugate acid of an isobutyrate. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is lactic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a phenyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phenyllactate. 
A radiation-protective agent that can inhibit DNA damage by binding to the DNA. It also increases the susceptibility of blood cells to complement-mediated lysis. 
1, 1'-Thiobisethanethiol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hemiacetals. Hemiacetals are compounds comprising the hemiacetal functional group, with the general formula R2C(OH)OR' ( R' not Hydrogen ). 1, 1'-Thiobisethanethiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 1'-thiobisethanethiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of furans that is furan substituted by a 2-ethoxy-1-methoxyethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it appears as a liquid. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Slightly soluble in water. Used in pharmaceuticals, as dye intermediates and organic syntheses. it is a primary arylamine that is aniline in which the hydrogens at the 2- and 6-positions are replaced by methyl groups. It is used in the production of some anasthetics and other chemicals. It is a drug metabolite of lidocaine (local anasthetic). It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a drug metabolite. It is a primary arylamine and a dimethylaniline. 
it is the D-enantiomer of 4-phosphoerythronic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-erythronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-O-phosphonato-D-erythronate(3-). It is an enantiomer of a 4-phospho-L-erythronic acid. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' and prenyl groups at positions 3' and 5' respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a trihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. 
it appears as a purplish colored crystalline solid. Noncombustible, but accelerates burning of combustible material. Finely divided combustible materials may be explosive. May spontaneously ignite on contact with combustible liquids. Contact with sulfuric acid may result in fires or explosions. Used as a disinfectant and to make other permanganates. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bromodiphenyl ethers. Bromodiphenyl ethers are compounds that contain two benzene groups linked to each other via an ether bond, and where at least one ring is substituted with a bromo group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it , also known as gly-4-hydroxy-pro or gly-hyp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-tryptophan joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite, an immunomodulator, an angiogenesis modulating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-tryptophan. 
it, also known as fema 2690, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, methyl 4-tert-butylphenylacetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a fruity, honey, and hyacinth taste. 
it is a biflavonoid consisting of two molecules of afzelechin joined by a (4alpha->8) linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a proanthocyanidin and a biflavonoid. It derives from an afzelechin. 
it is octaanion of myo-inositol 1,3,4,6-tetrakisphosphate arising from global deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a myo-inositol 1,3,4,6-tetrakisphosphate. 
it is a lysophosphatidylcholine 16:0 in which a hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl) group is attached to the glycero moiety at position 1. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a lysophosphatidylcholine 16:0 and a 1-O-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. 
it is an N-acyl-L-phenylalanine that is L-phenylalanine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group has been replaced by a benzoyl group. It is a N-acyl-L-phenylalanine and a 2-(benzoylamino)-3-phenylpropanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-benzoyl-L-phenylalaninate. It is an enantiomer of a N-benzoyl-D-phenylalanine. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpiperidines. Phenylpiperidines are compounds containing a phenylpiperidine skeleton, which consists of a piperidine bound to a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
Acarbose is an alpha glucosidase inhibitor which decreases intestinal absorption of carbohydrates and is used as an adjunctive therapy in the management of type 2 diabetes. Acarbose has been linked to rare instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. Acarbose is a pseudotetrasaccharide and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase with antihyperglycemic activity. Acarbose binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, acarbose inhibits pancreatic alpha-amylase which hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the small intestines. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless odorless gas. Easily ignited. Vapors are heavier than air. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air. May violently polymerize under prolonged exposure to fire or heat, violently rupturing the container. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Water insoluble. it is a synthetic, colorless, flammable gas that is insoluble in water. it is used primarily in the synthesis of polyit resins. It is also used as a monomer in the synthesis of copolymers and as a propellant for food product aerosols. When heated to decomposition, it emits highly toxic fluorocarbon fumes. The primary route of human exposure to this compound is inhalation. Acute inhalation exposure to it may result in irritation of the respiratory tract and buildup of fluid in the lungs (pulmonary edema). Contact with this gas can cause eye irritation. This chemical is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 3,4-didehydro-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose as the sugar component. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a dTDP-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an aryl phosphate resulting from the mono-esterification of phosphoric acid with phenol. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it atom is the radioactive isotope of oxygen with relative atomic mass 15.003065. The longest-lived oxygen radionuclide with half-life of 122.2 s. it is an inert, radiopharmaceutical of it (O-15) labeled water used as a tracer molecule with positron emission tomography (PET). Upon administration, water O-15 is freely diffusible and its distribution, as well as its clearance, are completely dependent on the rate of blood flow. it can be imaged using PET to measure tissue or tumor blood flow/perfusion. This cyclotron product has a very short half life of about 2 minutes thereby allowing for multiple, serial measurements. 
it is a recently approved investigational drug that has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 and HIV-2 infection.  It has been approved for HIV-1 monotherapy combined with 2 other antiretrovirals in a single tablet. 
it is an 18-membered macrolide that is a fermentation product obtained from the Actinomycete Dactylosporangium aurantiacum. A narrow spectrum antibiotic used for treatment of Clostridium difficile-related infections. It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitor, an antibacterial drug and a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a glycoside, an organochlorine compound, a carboxylic ester and a member of phenols. it is a narrow-spectrum, 18-membered macrolide antibiotic isolated from the actinomycete Dactylosporangium aurantiacum subsp. hamdenensis with potential antibacterial activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, fidaxomicin may bind to and inhibit bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, thereby inhibiting the initiation of bacterial RNA synthesis. When orally administered, this agent is minimally absorbed into the systemic circulation, acting locally in the gastrointestinal tract. it appears to be active against pathogenic Gram-positive bacteria, such as clostridia, enterococci, and staphylococci, but does not appear to be active against other beneficial intestinal bacteria. 
it is an iron chelate resulting from the deprotonation of all four carboxy groups of ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid and the addition of an iron(3+) and a sodium ion. It is used for the treatment of iron deficiency anaemia. It is an iron chelate and an organic sodium salt. It contains an iron(3+). 
it is a it oxoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from the hydrogen sulfate group of phenyl hydrogen sulfate. Major structure at pH 7.3 It is a conjugate base of a phenyl hydrogen sulfate. 
it is a bile acid salt that is the sodium salt of glycodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a bile acid salt and an organic sodium salt. It contains a glycodeoxycholate. 
it is a monomethoxybenzene compound having a 3-methoxypropoxy group at the 2-position and a multi-substituted branched alkyl substituent at the 4-position. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent. It is a monomethoxybenzene and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is an orally active nonpeptide renin inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it selectively binds to the S3 sub-pocket of renin, an enzyme in the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) that is responsible for converting angiotensinogen to angiotensin I (AT I). By inhibiting the activity of renin, the conversion to AT I is prevented, which in turn prevents the conversion of AT I to AT II. This prevents arterial vasoconstriction by AT II and inhibits the production of aldosterone by AT II. As aldosterone causes re-uptake of sodium and water and eventually an increase in extracellular volume, it is able to prevent the effects that contribute to an increase in blood pressure. 
3-Acetyl-2, 5-dimethylfuran, also known as 2, 5-dimethyl-3-acetylfuran or fema 3391, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 3-Acetyl-2, 5-dimethylfuran is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-acetyl-2, 5-dimethylfuran is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-Acetyl-2, 5-dimethylfuran has a sweet, cocoa, and corn taste. 
2-chloro-3-{2-chloro-5-[4-(difluoromethyl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl]-4-fluorophenyl}propanoic acid is a member of the class of triazoles that is 2,4-dihydro-3H-1,2,4-triazol-3-one which is substituted at positions 2, 4, and 5 by 5-(2-carboxy-2-chloroethyl)-4-chloro-2-fluorophenyl, difluoromethyl, and methyl groups, respectively. It is a member of triazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride form of Verapamil, which is a phenylalkylamine calcium channel blocking agent. Verapamil inhibits the transmembrane influx of extracellular calcium ions into myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cells, causing dilatation of the main coronary and systemic arteries and decreasing myocardial contractility. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in some multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of asperlicins in which the core 6,7-dihydroquinazolino[3,2-a][1,4]benzodiazepine-5,13-dione skeleton is substituted at the 7 pro-S position by an indol-3-ylmethyl group. It is a cholecystokinin antagonist. It has a role as a cholecystokinin antagonist and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of asperlicins and a member of indoles. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-alanine, L-proline and glycine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide substituted by an acetylamino group at position 4 and a 4,6-dimethoxy-pyrimidin-2-yl group at the nitrogen atom. It is a metabolite of the sulfonamide antibiotic sulfadimethoxine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a sulfonamide, a member of acetamides and a member of pyrimidines. 
Acetic acid [2-[[(5-nitro-2-thiazolyl)amino]-oxomethyl]phenyl] ester is a carboxylic ester and a member of benzamides. It derives from a salicylamide. it is a synthetic benzamide with antiprotozoal activity. it exerts its antiprotozoal activity by interfering with the pyruvate ferredoxin/flavodoxin oxidoreductase dependent electron transfer reaction, which is essential to anaerobic energy metabolism. PFOR enzyme reduces it, thereby impairing the energy metabolism. However, interference with the PFOR enzyme-dependent electron transfer reaction may not be the only pathway by which it exhibits antiprotozoal activity. it is active against Giardia lamblia and Cryptosporidium parvum. 
3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA, also known as dhca, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl coas. These are acyl-CoAs carrying a 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl chain. 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3a, 7a-dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), endoplasmic reticulum, peroxisome and cytoplasm. 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA can be biosynthesized from 3a, 7a-dihydroxycoprostanic acid through the action of the enzyme bile acyl-CoA synthetase. In addition, 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA can be converted into 3a, 7a-dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA; which is catalyzed by the enzyme Alpha-methylacyl-CoA racemase. In humans, 3a, 7a-dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA is involved in congenital bile acid synthesis defect type III pathway, congenital bile acid synthesis defect type II pathway, bile acid biosynthesis pathway, and the cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) pathway. 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include the familial hypercholanemia (fhca) pathway, the zellweger syndrome pathway, and 27-hydroxylase deficiency. 
it is the phosphate salt form of carvedilol, a racemic mixture and adrenergic blocking agent with antihypertensive activity and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. The S enantiomer of carvedilol nonselectively binds to and blocks beta-adrenergic receptors, thereby exerting negative inotropic and chronotropic effects, and leading to a reduction in cardiac output. In addition, both enantiomers of carvedilol bind to and block alpha 1-adrenergic receptors, thereby causing vasodilation and reducing peripheral vascular resistance. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl carnitines. These are organic compounds containing a fatty acid with the carboxylic acid attached to carnitine through an ester bond. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva, urine, and blood. Within the cell, 3-methylglutarylcarnitine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it can be biosynthesized from 3-methylglutaric acid. Outside of the human body, 3-methylglutarylcarnitine can be found in cow milk. This makes 3-methylglutarylcarnitine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. it has been linked to the inborn metabolic disorders including 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA lyase deficiency. 
it is a sulfhydryl-based second-generation matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits several MMPs (MMP 1, 2, 8, 9, and 14), thereby inducing extracellular matrix degradation, and inhibiting angiogenesis, tumor growth and invasion, and metastasis. 
5, 6-Dihydroxy-2-(phenylmethylidene)-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aurone flavonoids. These are flavonoids containing a 2-Benzylidene-1-benzofuran-3-one based core. Aurone flavonoids provide the bright yellow color of some important ornamental flowers, such as snapdragon (Antirrhinum majus). 5, 6-Dihydroxy-2-(phenylmethylidene)-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Technical product is a clear, colorless to pale yellow liquid. Used as a soil insecticide. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and an organosulfur compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and a nematicide. 
it  is a structurally novel and stereospecifically potent aldose reductase (AKR1B; EC 1.1.1.21) inhibitor, which contains a succinimide ring that undergoes ring-opening at physiological pH levels. It has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mild to Moderate Diabetic Sensorimotor Polyneuropathy. 
it is a glycol that is cumene carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 1 and 2 It is a glycol and a member of benzenes. It derives from a hydride of a cumene. 
it is a dipeptide that is the active metabolite of ramipril. An angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, a drug metabolite, a cardioprotective agent, a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor and a bradykinin receptor B2 agonist. It is a cyclopentapyrrole, an azabicycloalkane, a dipeptide and a dicarboxylic acid. it is a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and leads to vasodilation. This agent also causes an increase in bradykinin levels and a decrease in angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, thereby promoting diuresis and natriuresis. 
Iron is an essential heavy metal that is included in many over-the-counter multivitamin and mineral supplements and is used therapeutically in higher doses to treat or prevent iron deficiency anemia. When taken at the usual recommended daily allowance or in replacement doses, iron has little or no adverse effect on the liver. In high doses and in intentional or accidental overdoses, iron causes serious toxicities, one component of which is acute liver damage. it is a form of mineral iron for oral administration, it is absorbed in the stomach and small intestine and combines with apoferritin to form ferritin, which is stored in the liver, spleen, red bone marrow, and intestinal mucosa. Important in transport of oxygen by hemoglobin to the tissues, iron is also found in myoglobin, transferrin, and ferritin, and is as a component of many enzymes such as catalase, peroxidase, and cytochromes. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperazine carboxamides. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a piperazine ring substituted by one or more carboxamide group. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, m-propyltoluene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
AC1l1TSK belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. AC1l1TSK is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the disodium salt of a water-soluble phosphate derivative of a natural stilbenoid phenol derived from the African bush willow (Combretum caffrum) with potential vascular disrupting and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, the prodrug fosbretabulin is dephosphorylated to its active metabolite, the microtubule-depolymerizing agent combretastatin A4, which binds to tubulin dimers and prevents microtubule polymerization, resulting in mitotic arrest and apoptosis in endothelial cells. In addition, this agent disrupts the engagement of the endothelial cell-specific junctional molecule vascular endothelial-cadherin (VE-cadherin) and so the activity of the VE-cadherin/beta-catenin/Akt signaling pathway, which may result in the inhibition of endothelial cell migration and capillary tube formation. As a result of fosbretabulin's dual mechanism of action, the tumor vasculature collapses, resulting in reduced tumor blood flow and ischemic necrosis of tumor tissue. 
it, also known as W-a dipeptide or TRP-ala, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a coformycin derivative in which the hydroxy group on the diazepine ring of coformycin is replaced by an oxo group. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1+). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is 1,3-thiazolidine which is substituted on the nitrogen by a carboxymethyl group, at positions 2 and 4 by thioxo and oxo groups, respectively, and at position 5 by a 2-methyl-3-phenylprop-2-en-1-ylidene group. It is an inhibitor of aldose reductase (which catalyses the conversion of glucose to sorbitol) and is used for the treatment of some diabetic complications, including neuropathy. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor. It is a member of thiazolidines and a monocarboxylic acid. it is an orally available, a non-competitive, reversible inhibitor of aldose reductase (AR), with potential antineoplastic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon oral administration, it non-competitively binds to AR, a polyol pathway enzyme that catalyzes reactive oxygen species (ROS)-initiated lipid peroxidation-generated lipid aldehydes and their glutathione conjugates, which have been implicated in the activation of transcription factors such as nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NF-kappa B) and activator protein-1 (AP-1), which control the transcription of many inflammatory cytokines. Increased inflammatory cytokines and growth factors promote cell proliferation, a primary feature in the tumorigenesis process. AR is overexpressed in several oxidative stress- and inflammation-related conditions, including cancer. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it appears as bright yellowish needles or bright yellow powder. Odorless. pH of a 1% aqueous solution is about 4.5.(NTP, 1992). Used as an anti-malarial drug. Moderately toxic. Quinacrine Hydrochloride is the dihydrochloride salt of the 9-aminoacridine derivative quinacrine with potential antineoplastic and antiparasitic activities. Quinacrine may inhibit the transcription and activity of both basal and inducible nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB), which may result in the induction of tumor suppressor p53 transcription, the restoration of p53-dependent apoptotic pathways, and tumor cell apoptosis. Continuous NF-kappaB signaling, present in many tumors and in chronic inflammatory processes, promotes the expression of antiapoptotic proteins and cytokines while downregulating the expression of proapoptotic proteins, such as p53. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate that is adenosine 5'-monophosphate in which one of the hydroxy groups of the phosphate has been condensed with the carboxylic acid group of glycine. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a glycine derivative. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is hopane in which a hydrogen attached to C-29 is replaced by a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a primary alcohol. 
it is a guanosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an uncoupling protein inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is an odorless white crystalline solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. It is toxic by inhalation, skin absorption, and/or ingestion. When heated to high temperatures it may emit toxic oxides of nitrogen. It will burn but it is difficult to ignite. It is used as a pesticide. 
it, also known as L-a dipeptide or leu-ala, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is the fumarate salt form of the mineral iron. Administration of it results in elevation of serum iron concentration, which is then assimilated into hemoglobin, required for the transport of oxygen, or trapped in the reticuloendothelial cells for storage. This agent is used as a dietary supplement, and to prevent or treat iron deficiency related syndromes. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is heptanedioic acid in which a hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by an amino group. It is a component of the cell wall peptidoglycan of bacteria. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a pentitol (five-carbon sugar alcohol) having meso-configuration, being derived from xylose by reduction of the carbonyl group. It has a role as a sweetening agent, an allergen, a hapten, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a steroid saponin that consists of oleandrigenin having a 2,6-dideoxy-3-O-methyl-alpha-L-arabino-hexopyranosyl residue attached to the oxygen function at position 3. It is a cardenolide glycoside, a 14beta-hydroxy steroid, a steroid ester and a steroid saponin. It derives from an oleandrigenin. 
it is an N-arylpiperazine that is cis-ketoconazole in which the imidazol-1-yl group is replaced by a 1,2,4-triazol-1-yl group and in which the actyl group attached to the piperazine moiety is replaced by a p-[(+-)1-sec-butyl-5-oxo-1,5-dihydro-4H-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl]phenyl group. A potent P-glycoprotein and CYP3A4 inhibitor, it is used as an antifungal drug for the treatment of various fungal infections, including aspergillosis, blastomycosis, candidiasis, chromoblastomycosis, coccidioidomycosis, cryptococcosis, histoplasmosis, and sporotrichosis. It has a role as a P450 inhibitor, an EC 3.6.3.44 (xenobiotic-transporting ATPase) inhibitor and a Hedgehog signaling pathway inhibitor. It is a member of triazoles, a dioxolane, a N-arylpiperazine, a dichlorobenzene, a cyclic ketal, a conazole antifungal drug, a triazole antifungal drug and an aromatic ether. it is a synthetic triazole agent with antimycotic properties. Formulated for both topical and systemic use, itraconazole preferentially inhibits fungal cytochrome P450 enzymes, resulting in a decrease in fungal ergosterol synthesis. Because of its low toxicity profile, this agent can be used for long-term maintenance treatment of chronic fungal infections. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aspidospermatan-type alkaloids. These are tryptophan-derived alkaloids that are derived from the fusion of tryptamine and a terpene unit (generally either 9 or 10 carbons). Aspidospermine and aspidospermidine (along with tabersonine) are the archetypical members of the Aspidosperma alkaloids it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an organic phosphate pesticide which acts as an inhibitor of cholinesterase, and as such it is highly toxic by all routes of exposure. It is a water-white to amber liquid, depending on purity. it is soluble in water and is slowly decomposed by water. It is toxic by inhalation and by skin absorption. It may be found as a liquid or as a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. 
4-Methyl-2-pentyl-1, 3-dioxolane, also known as 2-pentyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane or fema 3630, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. 4-Methyl-2-pentyl-1, 3-dioxolane is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methyl-2-pentyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Methyl-2-pentyl-1, 3-dioxolane has a clean, fresh, and green taste. 
An N-acyl derivative of neuraminic acid. N-acetylneuraminic acid occurs in many polysaccharides, glycoproteins, and glycolipids in animals and bacteria. (From Dorland, 28th ed, p1518) 
it is a guanidine in which one of the amino hydrogens of guanidine itself is substituted by a cyano group. It is used in the manufacture of fertilizers, pharmaceuticals, explosives, oil well drilling muds, and dyestuffs. It has a role as a curing agent, a flame retardant, a fertilizer, an explosive and a nitrification inhibitor. It is a member of guanidines and a nitrile. 
(S)-3-phenyllactic acid is the (S)-enantiomer of 3-phenyllactic acid. It is a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a 3-phenyllactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-3-phenyllactate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-3-phenyllactic acid. 
1-{2-[(2,6-dichlorobenzyl)oxy]-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl}imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles that carries a 2-[(2,6-dichlorobenzyl)oxy]-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl group at position 1. It is a dichlorobenzene, an ether and a member of imidazoles. 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point -4Â°F. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make neoprene rubber. it is a chloroolefin. It derives from a hydride of a buta-1,3-diene. 
it is a histidine derivative that is L-histidine having an acetyl substituent on the alpha-nitrogen. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a L-histidine derivative, a it and a N-acetyl-L-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-histidinate. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes carrying methoxy and hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a flavouring agent, an antioxidant and an anticonvulsant. It is a member of phenols, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of benzaldehydes. 
it is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of adenosine. it is a synthetic purine fluoro-dideoxyadenosine derivative that was rationally designed to have improved chemical and enzymatic stability. It has shown activity against clinical isolates and cell lines that are resistant to AZT, dideoxyinosine, and dideoxycytosine. 
it is an ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the piperidine nitrogen of raloxifene. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a raloxifene. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-alanine, L-aspartic acid, and glycine units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-aspartic acid and a glycine. 
Kaempferol 3-O-beta-D-glucoside is a kaempferol O-glucoside in which a glucosyl residue is attached at position 3 of kaempferol via a beta-glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a trypanocidal drug and a plant metabolite. It is a kaempferol O-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a trihydroxyflavone and a beta-D-glucoside. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea with 4-[[4-[(5-cyclopentylpyrazol-3-yl)amino]pyrimidin-2-yl]amino]phenyl and 3-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl substituents at positions N1 and N3. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is an aminopyrimidine, a secondary amino compound, a member of pyrazoles, a member of cyclopentanes and a member of phenylureas. 
it is an indazole carboxylic acid derivative with antispermatogenic and potential antineoplastic activity. As a male contraceptive, it may irreversibly inhibit sperm production. This agent is less nephrotoxic than ionidamide, but it is just as effective in antispermatogenic action to ionidamide. 
it is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride that is the cyclic anhydride of methylhexahydrophthalic acid. It has a role as an allergen and a curing agent. It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride and a tetrahydrofurandione. 
it, also known as it or fema 3096, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 10-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a clean, fresh, and laundered cloths taste. 
3beta-Cucurbita-5, 24-dien-3-ol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cucurbitacins. These are polycyclic compounds containing the tetracyclic cucurbitane nucleus skeleton, 19-(10->9b)-abeo-10alanost-5-ene (also known as 9b-methyl-19-nor lanosta-5-ene), with a variety of oxygenation functionalities at different positions. 3beta-Cucurbita-5, 24-dien-3-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3beta-Cucurbita-5, 24-dien-3-ol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3beta-cucurbita-5, 24-dien-3-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3beta-cucurbita-5, 24-dien-3-ol can be found in bitter gourd and green vegetables. This makes 3beta-cucurbita-5, 24-dien-3-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a valerate. It is a conjugate base of a (2R,3R)-2,3-dihydroxy-3-methylpentanoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a chlorine oxoacid with formula it; a weak, unstable acid, it is the active form of chlorine in water. It has a role as a human metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor. It is a member of reactive oxygen species and a chlorine oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a hypochlorite. 
Yamogenintetroside b, also known as it or MPD CPD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Yamogenintetroside b is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Yamogenintetroside b has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, yamogenintetroside b is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, yamogenintetroside b can be found in herbs and spices and pulses. This makes yamogenintetroside b a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid that consists of hydrindane bearing two oxo substituents at positions 1 and 5, a methyl substituent at position 7a and a 2-carboxyethyl substituent at position 4 (3aS,4S,7aS-diastereomer). It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a diketone, a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and a carbobicyclic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a 9,17-dioxo-1,2,3,4,10,19-hexanorandrostan-5-oate. It derives from a hydride of a hydrindane. 
Carotol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Carotol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, carotol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Carotol is a mild and pleasant tasting compound that can be found in carrot, parsley, root vegetables, and wild carrot. This makes carotol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an oral Janus kinase (JAK)1-selective inhibitor and a disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD) used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis to slow down disease progression. Rheumatoid arthritis is a chronic autoimmune inflammatory disease affecting the peripheral joints. It is characterized by synovial inflammation and hyperplasia, autoantibody production, cartilage damage and bone destruction, leading to co-morbidities. Despite a variety of therapeutic agents available for treatment, up to 40% of the patients do not respond to current therapies, including biological therapies. The etiology of the disease is mostly unknown; however, the role of JAK as a driver of immune-mediated conditions was discovered, leading to the use of JAK as therapeutic targets for rheumatoid arthritis. To reduce dose-related toxicity (as seen with some pan-JAK inhibitors) without significantly affecting efficacy, more selective JAK1 inhibitors, it and [filgotinib], were developed.  The FDA approved it in August 2019 for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to methotrexate. In December 2019, it was additionally approved by the European Commission for the same indication in patients with inadequate response or intolerance to one or more DMARDs and can be used as monotherapy or in combination with methotrexate. it is marketed under the brand name RINVOQâ„¢ for oral administration. It is currently being investigated in several clinical trials assessing its therapeutic effectiveness in other inflammatory diseases, such as psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, ulcerative colitis, and atopic dermatitis. 
Ketoconazole is a synthetic derivative of phenylpiperazine with broad antifungal properties and potential antineoplastic activity. Ketoconazole inhibits sterol 14-a-dimethylase, a microsomal cytochrome P450-dependent enzyme, thereby disrupting synthesis of ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell wall. (NCI04) 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is pentanoate with a methyl group substituent at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a medium-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an isocaproic acid. 
it is an optically active form of lactate having (S)-configuration. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-lactic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-lactate. 
it is a berberine alkaloid isolated from the plants of the family papaveraceae. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a berberine alkaloid. 
it is an aromatic ether that is the 3-phenoxybenzyl ether of 2-(4-ethoxyphenyl)-2-methylpropan-1-ol. It has a role as a pyrethroid ether insecticide. It derives from a 2-(4-ethoxyphenyl)-2-methylpropan-1-ol. 
it is a monosaccharide sulfate that is beta-D-galactose bearing a single sulfo substituent at position 3; sulfatide in which both acyl chains have been removed by treatment with ceramide glycanase. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from a beta-D-galactose. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is coumarin substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6 and 7. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a metabolite. It is an aromatic ether and a member of coumarins. It derives from a coumarin. 
it is a dimethoxyflavone that is the 5,7-dimethyl ether derivative of scutellarein. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It derives from a scutellarein. 
it is a colorless solid. Insoluble in water. Used as a wide spectrum insecticide. it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation between 3-(2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoroprop-1-en-1-yl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid and cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methanol. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide, a pyrethroid ester acaricide and an agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, a nitrile, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It derives from a 3-(2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoroprop-1-en-1-yl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a nucleoside analogue that is allopurinol with a beta-D-ribofuranosyl moiety at the 1-position. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an allopurinol. 
it, also known as 1-(3-methyl-2-thienyl)-ethanone or 3-methyl-2-acetylthiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an almond, cananga, and floral taste. 
Ethyl 2-methyl-3, 4-pentadienoate, also known as fema 3678, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Ethyl 2-methyl-3, 4-pentadienoate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Ethyl 2-methyl-3, 4-pentadienoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl 2-methyl-3, 4-pentadienoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Ethyl 2-methyl-3, 4-pentadienoate has a sweet, fruity, and green taste. 
Tetra-n-propyl zirconate appears as a yellow-colored liquid with an alcohol-like odor. Has about the same density as water and is insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. May be irritating to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. 
Varenicline tartrate is a tartrate salt obtained by reaction of varenicline with one equivalent of (R,R)-tartaric acid. A partial agonist for nicotinic cholinergic receptors, it is used as an aid to giving up smoking. It has a role as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist and a serotonergic agonist. It contains a varenicline(1+). 
it is an aminobenzoate that is the conjugate base of 4-aminosalicylic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. Major miscrospecies at pH 7.3. It is a hydroxybenzoate and an aminobenzoate. It derives from a salicylate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-aminosalicylic acid. it is the sodium salt form of aminosalicylic acid, an analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with antitubercular activity. Aminosalicylate sodium exerts its bacteriostatic activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis by competing with PABA for enzymes involved in folate synthesis, thereby suppressing growth and reproduction of M. tuberculosis, eventually leading to cell death. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea in which one of the nitrogens bears a 3-tert-butyl-1-(quinolin-6-yl)-1H-pyrazol-5-yl substituent, while the other bears a 2-fluoro-4-{[2-(methylcarbamoyl)pyridin-4-yl]oxy}phenyl substituent. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It is a member of quinolines, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of pyrazoles, an organofluorine compound and a member of phenylureas. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Flash point below 0Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Inhalation of high concentrations may be narcotic. Used to make rubber and plastics. it is a cycloalkene that is cyclopentane having one endocyclic double bond. 
it is the product from the formal condensation of the alcohol group of L-lactic acid with the terminal phosphate group of guanosine 5'-diphosphate. It is a carboxyalkyl phosphate and a member of guanosines. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a dimethoxyflavone that is quercetin in which the hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 4' are replaced by methoxy groups. Isolated from Cyperus teneriffae, it exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone, a member of flavonols and a dimethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. 
it appears as a clear colorless to light yellow liquid with an irritating unpleasant odor. Flash point 30Â°F. Irritates eyes, skin, and respiratory system. Toxic by skin absorption. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myelodysplasia, Solid Neoplasm, Advanced Cancers, Advanced Solid Tumors, and Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, among others. it is an orally bioavailable, adenosine triphospate mimetic, and inhibitor of Aurora kinases, vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFRs) and platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFRs), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it selectively binds to and inhibits Aurora kinases A, B and C, which may disrupt both the assembly of the mitotic spindle apparatus and chromosome segregation, and inhibit both cellular division and proliferation in Aurora kinase-overexpressing tumor cells. In addition, it selectively binds to and inhibits VEGFRs and PDGFRs, which may result in the inhibition of both angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation in VEGFR/PDGFR-overexpressing tumor cells. This agent also inhibits the Src family of cytoplasmic tyrosine kinases. Aurora kinases A, B and C, are serine/threonine kinases that play essential roles in mitotic checkpoint control and are overexpressed by a wide variety of tumor cell types. Both VEGFRs and PDGFRs are receptor tyrosine kinase families whose members may be upregulated in various tumor cell types. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Advanced Cancer, and Pancreatic Cancer, among others. it is a racemic mixture of the enantiomers of a synthetic alpha-lipoic lipoic acid analogue with potential chemopreventive and antineoplastic activities. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, devimistat has been shown to inhibit metabolic and regulatory processes required for cell growth in solid tumors. Both enantiomers in the racemic mixture exhibit antineoplastic activity. 
it is an organic compound which is added to many sunscreens to filter out UVA rays. It is a benzylidene camphor derivative, many of which are known for their excellent photostability. it has been approved for use in the U.S. since 2006, but only at a specific concentration and only in a few products manufactured by L'Oreal. The company got approval for those products through a new drug application process. 
it appears as a clear colorless to light amber colored liquid. Contains mainly tertiary and secondary terpene alcohols Produced from the wood of pine trees by extraction or steam distillation. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
Quinidine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of quinidine, an alkaloid with antimalarial and antiarrhythmic (Class la) properties. Quinidine sulfate exerts its anti-malarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the hemepolymer (hemozoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. Quinidine sulfate exerts its antiarrhythmic effects by depressing the flow of sodium ions into cells during phase 0 of the cardiac action potential, thereby slowing the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node, reducing the rate of phase 0 depolarization and prolonging the refractory period. Quinidine sulfate also reduces the slope of phase 4 depolarization in Purkinje-fibres resulting in slowed conduction and reduced automaticity in the heart. 
it, also known as ixoa CPD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as withanolides and derivatives. These are c28 steroids structurally characterized by an ergostane skeleton usually functionalized at carbons 1, 22 and 26 to form a lactone ring. Thus, it is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the leukotriene anion that is the conjugate base of leukotriene E4 arising from deprotonation of the two carboxy groups and protonation of the cysteinyl alpha-amino group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid anion and a leukotriene anion. It is a conjugate base of a leukotriene E4. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is umbelliferone in which the hydrogen at position 6 is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is used in filters for absorption of ultraviolet light. It has a role as an antioxidant, an ultraviolet filter and a plant metabolite. 
it is a bifunctional nitrogen alkylating agent with antineoplastic activity and lipophilic properties. Containing a lipophilic hydantoin group that serves as a carrier to cross the blood brain barrier, it forms covalent linkages with nucleophilic centers in DNA, causing depurination, base-pair miscoding, strand scission, and DNA-DNA cross-linking, which may result in cytotoxicity. (NCI04) 
it is 7-Chloro-1H-1,5-benzodiazepine-2,4(3H,5H)-dione in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 1 is substituted by a methyl group, whilst that attached to the other nitrogen is substituted by a phenyl group. It is used for the short-term management of acute anxiety and as an adjunct in the treatment of epilepsy in association with other antiepileptics. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an anxiolytic drug and a GABA modulator. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an organochlorine compound. it is a 1,5-benzodiazepine and partial gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor agonist, with anxiolytic, sedative, and anticonvulsant activities. it binds to a specific site, distinct from the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA binding site, on the benzodiazepine-GABA-A-chloride ionophore receptor complex located in the central nervous system (CNS). This binding causes an allosteric modification of the receptor and enhances the affinity of GABA to the receptor leading to an increase in the opening of chloride-channels. This leads to an increase in chloride ion conductance, neuronal hyperpolarization, inhibition of the action potential and a decrease in neuronal excitability. 
4, 11-Dichloro-5, 12-dihydroquino[2, 3-b]acridine-7, 14-dione, also known as 4, 11-dichloro quinacridone or 4, 11 dcqa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridoacridines. Pyridoacridines are compounds containing a pyridoacridine ring system, which consists of a pyridine fused to an acridine. 4, 11-Dichloro-5, 12-dihydroquino[2, 3-b]acridine-7, 14-dione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4, 11-dichloro-5, 12-dihydroquino[2, 3-b]acridine-7, 14-dione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a synthetic derivative of phenylpiperazine and chemically unrelated to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, tricyclics, tetracyclics, or monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOI), antidepressant Nefazadone Hydrochloride antagonizes central 5-HT2 receptors and inhibits reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. (NCI04) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Ovarian Cancer, Gastric Cancer, Prostate Cancer, and Acute Leukaemia, among others. it is an inhibitor of the kinesin-related motor protein Eg5 with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits the activity of Eg5, which may result in mitotic disruption, apoptosis and consequently cell death in tumor cells that are actively dividing. The ATP-dependent Eg5 kinesin-related motor protein (also known as KIF11 or kinesin spindle protein-5) is a plus-end directed kinesin motor protein that plays an essential role during mitosis, particularly in the regulation of spindle dynamics, including assembly and maintenance. 
it appears as white crystals or pale yellow solid. Sublimes. (NTP, 1992) it is an ortho-fused polycyclic arene. It has a role as a mutagen. it is a crystalline, carcinogenic aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of five fused benzene rings, produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter. Dibenzo(a,h)anthracene is primarily found in gasoline exhaust, tobacco smoke, coal tar, soot and certain food products, especially smoked and barbecued foods. This substance is used only for research purposes to induce tumorigenesis. Dibenzo(a,h)anthracene is a mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. 
it is a methoxyisoflavan that is (S)-isoflavan substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2' and 4' and hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 3' respectively. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a methoxyisoflavan and a member of hydroxyisoflavans. It derives from a (S)-isoflavan. 
3, 5-Dimethyl-2-(2-propenyl)pyrazine, also known as 2-allyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 3, 5-Dimethyl-2-(2-propenyl)pyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 5-dimethyl-2-(2-propenyl)pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2R,3R)-2,3-dihydroxy-3-methylpentanoate. 
it, also known as PSX 1 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol in which both acyl groups are specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl). It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol and a 1,2-dipalmitoylglycerol. 
Dimethyl-p-phenylenediamine is a colorless to reddish-violet solid. Used in the production of methylene blue and photographic developer. Used as a chemical intermediate for dyes and diazonium chloride salts and as an analytical reagent to detect chloroamine in water. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is 3,4-secocycloarta-4(28),24-(Z)-diene substituted by carboxy groups at positions 3 and 26. Isolated from Schisandra henryi and Schisandra propinqua, it exhibits cytotoxic and anti-HIV activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a dicarboxylic acid. 
it is a dodecanoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of dodecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of 7-{4-[4-(2,3-dichlorophenyl)piperazin-1-yl]butoxy}-2-oxo-3,4-dihydroquinolin-1(2H)-yl]methanol. A prodrug for aripiprazole, it is used for treatment of schizophrenia. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, a second generation antipsychotic, a serotonergic agonist and a prodrug. It is a dodecanoate ester, a quinolone, a dichlorobenzene, a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, an aromatic ether and a delta-lactam. 
it appears as white or yellowish, finely divided, odorless powder consisting mostly or entirely of it, CaSO4*1/2H2O. Forms a paste when it is mixed with water that soon hardens into a solid. Used in making casts, molds, and sculpture. Generally non-toxic. 
it is a dipeptide consisting of beta-alanine and L-lysine units joined by a peptide linkage. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of resolvins that is (4Z,8E,10Z,12E,14E,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 7, 16 and 17 (the 7S,16R,17S-stereoisomer). It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an estrogen receptor agonist, an anti-obesity agent and a rat metabolite. It is a resolvin, a triol, a secondary allylic alcohol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an ammonium betaine derivative of 3-(piperidin-1-yl)propane-1-sulfonic acid. One of a group of non-detergent sulfobetaines having a sulfobetaine hydrophilic group and a short hydrophobic group that cannot aggregate to form micelles. 
it is a diterpene that is abietane having three double bonds located at positions 8, 11 and 13. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an abietane. 
2, 4, 6-Trimethyl-4-phenyl-1, 3-dioxane, also known as floralate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxane, an aliphatic six-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. 2, 4, 6-Trimethyl-4-phenyl-1, 3-dioxane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4, 6-trimethyl-4-phenyl-1, 3-dioxane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 4, 6-Trimethyl-4-phenyl-1, 3-dioxane has a citrus, fresh, and gardenia taste. 
Mixtures of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). They have been used in the treatment of hypertension but have largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. 
it is a salicylanilide derivative with chloride substituents at C-3 and C-5 of the salicylate moiety and at C-3 and C-4 of the anilide moiety. It has a role as a drug allergen. It is a member of salicylanilides and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a salicylanilide. 
it is an experimental drug compound developed by CytRx Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company based in Los Angeles, California. The orally administered drug is intended to treat amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, a neurodegenerative disease with no effective treatment. 
it is a carbohydrate acid formally derived from gulonic acid by oxidation of the -OH groups at positions 2 and 3 to keto groups. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an alpha-diketone and a carbohydrate acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-diketogulonate. 
it is ergotaman bearing hydroxy, isopropyl, and 2-methylpropyl groups at the 12', 2' and 5' positions, respectively, and oxo groups at positions 3', 6', and 18. It is a natural ergot alkaloid. it discussed in the literature prior to 1967, when beta-ergocryptine was separated from it, is now referred to as it. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 
it is a member of the organothiophosphate compounds that is used as an insecticide and anthelmintic. It is mainly used in veterinary as a treatment for fleas. 
4-fluoro-N-{2-[4-(7-methoxynaphthalen-1-yl)piperazin-1-yl]ethyl}benzamide is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-fluorobenzoic acid with the primary amino group of 2-[4-(7-methoxynaphthalen-1-yl)piperazin-1-yl]ethylamine. Highly potent selective 5-HT1A receptor full agonist (pKi values are 9.0, 6.6, 7.5, 6.6 and < 6.0 for 5-HT1A, 5-HT1B, 5-HT1C, 5-HT2 and 5-HT3 receptors respectively). Possibly binds between the agonist binding site and the G protein interaction switch site, affecting the activation mechanism, and may display positive cooperativity. Anxiolytic following central administration in vivo. It has a role as an anxiolytic drug and a serotonergic agonist. It is a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, a methoxynaphthalene, a member of benzamides and an organofluorine compound. It is a conjugate base of a 4-fluoro-N-{2-[4-(7-methoxynaphthalen-1-yl)piperazin-1-yl]ethyl}benzamide(1+). 
it appears as yellow crystals or orange solid. Practically water insoluble. (NTP, 1992) it is a it in which all four exocyclic double bonds have E- (trans-) geometry. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it and a primary allylic alcohol. it is the fat soluble vitamin it. it binds to and activates retinoid receptors (RARs), thereby inducing cell differentiation and apoptosis of some cancer cell types and inhibiting carcinogenesis. it plays an essential role in many physiologic processes, including proper functioning of the retina, growth and differentiation of target tissues, proper functioning of the reproductive organs, and modulation of immune function. 
it is a branched C20 alkene consisting of a 19-carbon chain with a double bond between C-1 and C-2 and a methyl group at C-18. 
it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione substituted by a guanidino group at position 5. It is a member of guanidines and an imidazolidine-2,4-dione. It derives from a hydantoin. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of it, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a shikimate. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of 4-amino-L-phenylalanine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a 4-amino-L-phenylalanine. 
it is a purine nucleoside analogue consisting of a 6-amino-2-chloropurin-9-yl group attached to the 1beta position of 2'-deoxy-2'-fluoro-D-arabinofuranose. It is metabolized intracellularly to the active 5'-triphosphate metabolite, which inhibits DNA synthesisis and so stops the growth of cancer cells. it is used as an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent in the treatment of relapsed or refractory acute lymphoblastic leukaemia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an antimetabolite. It is an organofluorine compound and a member of adenosines. it is a second generation purine nucleoside analog with antineoplastic activity. it is phosphorylated intracellularly to the cytotoxic active 5'-triphosphate metabolite, which inhibits the enzymatic activities of ribonucleotide reductase and DNA polymerase, resulting in inhibition of DNA repair and synthesis of DNA and RNA. This nucleoside analog also disrupts mitochondrial function and membrane integrity, resulting in the release of pre-apoptotic factors, including cytochrome C and apoptotic-inducing factors, which activate apoptosis. 
it appears as odorless white crystals or white powder. Bitter taste. Melting point 147-159Â°C. Sublimes undecomposed at reduced pressure. Used as a post-emergence herbicide. it is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1H-1,2,4-triazole substituted by an amino group at position 3. Used to control annual grasses and aquatic weeds (but not on food crops because it causes cancer in laboratory animals). Its use within the EU was banned from September 2017 on the grounds of potential groundwater contamination and risks to aquatic life; there have also been concerns about its endocrine-disrupting properties. It has a role as a herbicide, an EC 1.11.1.6 (catalase) inhibitor and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is an aromatic amine and a member of triazoles. it is a colorless, odorless crystalline, aromatic amine with a bitter taste. it is a widely used herbicide for nonfood croplands to control annual and perennial grass type weeds, pondweeds and broad leaf. This substance has a very low acute toxicity in humans and is characterized by skin rash, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and nose bleeds. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it, also known as g-S dipeptide or gly-ser, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in sweat. 
it is a synthetic mustard compound with potential antineoplastic activity. An active metabolite of ifosfamide covalently linked to the amino acid lysine for stability, it irreversibly alkylates and cross-links DNA through GC base pairs, resulting in irreparable 7-atom inter-strand cross-links; inhibition of DNA replication and cell death follow. Unlike ifosfamide, this agent is not metabolized to acrolein or chloroacetaldehyde, metabolites associated with bladder and CNS toxicities. In addition, because it does not require activation by aldehyde dehydrogenase, it may overcome the tumor resistance seen with ifosfamide. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
Scopolamine is a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it appears as a liquid solution of a white crystalline solid. Primary hazard is to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrates the soil to contaminates groundwater and waterways. it is an organic disulfide that results from the formal oxidative dimerisation of N,N-dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. It is widely used as a fungicidal seed treatment. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antiseptic drug and an antifungal agrochemical. It contains a dimethyldithiocarbamate. It derives from a dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. 
2',7'-difluorofluorescein is a xanthene dye that is fluorescein bearing two fluoro substituents at positions 2' and 7'. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer and Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors. it is a tricyclic acridine-based (or carboxamide-based) drug with dual topoisomerase inhibitor and potential antineoplastic activities. it inhibits both topoisomerases I and II and intercalates into DNA, resulting in DNA damage, the disruption of DNA repair and replication, the inhibition of RNA and protein synthesis, and cell death. 
it is a synthetic, yellow crystalline solid that is insoluble in water and moderately soluble in toluene. It is not used for any commercial applications and is used only for research purposes. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides. it is found in particulate emissions from combustion products, of which diesel exhaust is the principle source. The primary route of potential human exposure to this chemical is inhalation. Detectable levels of it have been found in respirable particulates from ambient atmospheric samples. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of arginine, an essential amino acid in juvenile humans. Arginine is a complex amino acid, often found at active sites in proteins and enzymes due to its amine-containing side chain. Arginine may prevent or treat heart and circulatory diseases, combat fatigue, and stimulate the immune system. It also boosts production of nitric oxide, relaxing blood vessels, and treating angina and other cardiovascular problems. Arginine is also an important intermediate in the urea cycle and in detoxification of nitrogenous wastes. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of bromoindoles that is 3-bromo-6-fluoro-2-methylindole substituted at position 1 by a 1-(dimethylsulfamyl)-1,2,4-triazole-3-sulfonyl group. A fungicide for use on potatoes to control late blight (Phytophthora infestans) and downy mildew [Plasmopara viticola). It has a low mammalian toxicity but it is considered to be a reproduction toxicant, is moderately toxic to birds and honey bees but poses a greater risk to aquatic species and earthworms. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of sulfamides, a sulfonamide, a member of triazoles, an organofluorine compound, a bromoindole, a sulfonamide fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is a pyrazole obtained by cyclocodensation of the two carbonyl groups of curcumin with hydrazine. It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.48 (histone acetyltransferase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a member of pyrazoles, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and an olefinic compound. It derives from a curcumin. 
it is a third-generation cephalosporin compound having 2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetylamino and [(2-methyl-5,6-dioxo-1,2,5,6-tetrahydro-1,2,4-triazin-3-yl)sulfanyl]methyl side-groups. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitor and a drug allergen. It is a cephalosporin, a member of 1,2,4-triazines, a member of 1,3-thiazoles and an oxime O-ether. It is a conjugate acid of a ceftriaxone(1-). it is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. it also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
it is a cholestanoid that is lathosterone bearing an alpha-methyl substituent at position 4. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. 
4-(4-Methyl-3-pentenyl)-3-cyclohexene-1-carboxaldehyde belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monocyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing 1 ring in the isoprene chain. 4-(4-Methyl-3-pentenyl)-3-cyclohexene-1-carboxaldehyde is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)-3-cyclohexene-1-carboxaldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 4-(4-Methyl-3-pentenyl)-3-cyclohexene-1-carboxaldehyde has an aldehydic, citrus, and floral taste. 
it is a nitrogen hydride. It is a conjugate base of a diazene. It is a conjugate acid of a dinitride(2-). 
Vyvanse is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. it is the dimesylate form and prodrug of the d-isomer of amphetamine, a non-catecholamine sympathomimetic amine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating activity. Upon administration, lisdexamphetamine is converted to dextroamphetamine through cleavage of the lysine group. Dextroamphetamine acts by facilitating the release of catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline and dopamine, from its storage sites in nerve terminals in the CNS, and inhibits their uptake within the mesocorticolimbic system, a major component of the brain reward system, resulting in measurable behavioral changes such as euphoria, mental alertness and excitement and appetite suppression. As a CNS stimulant, this agent may increase blood pressure. 
Toxins, contained in cobra (Naja) venom that block cholinergic receptors; two specific proteins have been described, the small (short, Type I) and the large (long, Type II) which also exist in other Elapid venoms. 
it is a lyxonic acid that has L-configuration. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it. It is an enantiomer of a D-lyxonic acid. 
it, [solid] appears as colorless crystals or oily amber liquid. Toxic by inhalation, ingestion or skin absorption. Used as a pesticide. 
it is a steroid sulfate that is the 3-sulfate of estrone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid and a steroid sulfate. It derives from an estrone. It is a conjugate acid of an estrone 3-sulfate(1-). It derives from a hydride of an estrane. it is an aqueous substance that is the sulfate salt form of estrone. (NCI) 
it is an alkyl diphosphate having bromohydrin as the alkyl group. It has a role as a phosphoantigen. It is an alkyl diphosphate and an organobromine compound. 
it is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to the terminal carbon is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an omega-hydroxy fatty acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxypropionate. 
4-nitrophenyl alpha-L-arabinoside is an alpha-L-arabinopyranoside having a 4-nitrophenyl substituent at the anomeric position It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an alpha-L-arabinopyranoside and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it solutions (containing more than 35% but not more than 50% it) appears as a clear colorless liquid consisting of it dissolved in water. Corrosive to tissue and metals. Although it is lighter than air, the vapors from a leak will initially hug the ground. Long term exposure to low concentrations or short term exposure to high concentrations may result in adverse health conditions from inhalation. Prolonged exposure of containers to fire or heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. it is an it that consists of a single nitrogen atom covelently bonded to three hydrogen atoms. It has a role as a nucleophilic reagent, a neurotoxin, a metabolite, an EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitor, a refrigerant and a mouse metabolite. It is an it, a mononuclear parent hydride and a gas molecular entity. It is a conjugate base of an ammonium. It is a conjugate acid of an azanide. it is an inorganic compound composed of a single nitrogen atom covalently bonded to three hydrogen atoms that is an amidase inhibitor and neurotoxin. It is both manufactured and produced naturally from bacterial processes and the breakdown of organic matter. it is used in many industrial processes, and as a fertilizer and refrigerant. It is characterized as a colorless gas or compressed liquid with a pungent odor and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of acotiamide, a prokinetic agent with gastrointestinal (GI) motility-enhancing activity. Although the exact mechanism by which acotiamide exerts its effect has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent appears to inhibit acetylcholinesterase (AchE), an enzyme responsible for the breakdown of acetylcholine (Ach). Increased Ach concentrations lead to an improvement of gastric emptying and GI motility and eventually to a reduction of dyspepsia symptoms. 
it is a colorless to light yellow liquid with a strong odor of ammonia. Floats and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a primary amine compound having benzyl as the N-substituent. It has been isolated from Moringa oleifera (horseradish tree). It has a role as an EC 3.5.5.1 (nitrilase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite and an allergen. It is a primary amine and an aralkylamine. It is a conjugate base of a benzylaminium. 
it is a glutamic semialdehyde that is L-glutamate 5-semialdehyde in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group has been replaced by an acetyl group. It is a member of acetamides and a glutamic semialdehyde. It derives from a L-glutamic 5-semialdehyde. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-acetamido-5-oxopentanoate. 
it is a 23,24-dihydrocucurbitacin in which a lanostane skeleton is multi-substituted with hydroxy, methyl and oxo substituents, with unsaturation at position 5. It is a 23,24-dihydrocucurbitacin, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
Synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers to study biological membranes. It is also a major constituent of PULMONARY SURFACTANTS. 
it is a quinoxaline derivative, a secondary amine and a member of imidazoles. It has a role as an adrenergic agonist, an antihypertensive agent and an alpha-adrenergic agonist. it is an imidazole derivative and a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist. Upon ocular administration, it acts on the blood vessels causing them to constrict which leads to a decrease in the production of aqueous humor. it also enhances the uveoscleral outflow of aqueous humor. This reduces intraocular pressure. 
it is an alkane that is heptane in which a hydrogen has been replaced by a methyl group at positions 2 and 4. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. 
it, [solid] appears as a lemon-yellow powder or bright yellow scaly material. Very slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Toxic by inhalation and by ingestion. 
it, also known as alanyl-aspartate or a-D dipeptide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as guaianes. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the guaiane skeleton. Guaiane is a bicyclic compound consisting of a decahydroazulene moiety, substituted with two methyl groups and a 1-methylethyl group at the 1-, 4-, and 7-position, respectively. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of 6-aminohexanoic acid. It derives from a hexanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 6-aminohexanoic acid zwitterion and a 6-aminohexanoic acid. 
Calcium glucoheptonate is the calcium salt of (2xi)-D-gluco-heptonic acid. It is used as a calcium supplement for treatment of hypocalcaemia. It contains a (2xi)-D-gluco-heptonate. 
it is a colchicine analog with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to tubulin, inhibiting its polymerization into microtubules and preventing cell division. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tertiary alcohols. Tertiary alcohols are compounds in which a hydroxy group, -OH, is attached to a saturated carbon atom R3COH (R not H ). it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in saliva. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is a synthetic musk fragrance and hydrophobic hapten with an indane core. It has a role as a hapten and a fragrance. It is a member of indanes and a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a traseolide. 
it is a white powder. Exists in two polymorphic forms. (NTP, 1992) it is a 1-ribosyltriazole that is the 1-ribofuranosyl derivative of 1,2,4-triazole-3-carboxamide. A synthetic guanosine analogue, it is an inhibitor of HCV polymerase and possesses a broad spectrum of activity against DNA and RNA viruses. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antiviral agent, an antiinfective agent, an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a 1-ribosyltriazole, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a synthetic nucleoside analog of ribofuranose with activity against hepatitis C virus and other RNA viruses. it is incorporated into viral RNA, thereby inhibiting viral RNA synthesis, inducing viral genome mutations, and inhibiting normal viral replication. 
it is a nonhalogenated, synthetic, inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) with anti-inflammatory and potential antiviral activities. Upon administration by oral inhalation into the lungs, it (CIC) is converted by local esterases to its active metabolite desisobutyryl-it (des-CIC), which binds to intracellular glucocorticoid receptors (GRs). The ligand-bound GRs regulate gene expressions, which lead to inhibitory activities against multiple cell types, such as mast cells, eosinophils, basophils, lymphocytes, macrophages and neutrophils, and various mediators associated with inflammation, such as histamine, eicosanoids, leukotrienes and cytokines. In addition, it may suppress the replication of human coronavirus by targeting viral nonstructural protein 15 (NSP15). 
it is a lipophilic, weak base with potassium-competitive acid blocking (P-CAB) activity. it concentrates highly in the gastric parietal cell canaliculus and on entering this acidic environment is instantly protonated and binds competitively and reversibly to the potassium binding site of the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting the pump's activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. 
it is a non-nucleoside, polymerase inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) nonstructural protein 5B (NS5B), a RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, with potential activity against HCV. Upon administration and after intracellular uptake, it allosterically binds to the non-catalytic Thumb 1 site of viral HCV NS5B polymerase and causes a decrease in viral RNA synthesis and replication. The HCV NS5B protein is essential for the replication of the viral HCV RNA genome. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family. 
it is a nucleoside inhibitor with activity against hepatitis B virus. it is modified in vivo to its triphosphate form and acts as a competitive inhibitor of viral DNA polymerase. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water. A marine pollutant. Poses a threat to the aquatic environment. Immediate steps should be taken to prevent spread to the environment. May penetrate soils and contaminate groundwater and nearby waterways. Mildly irritates the eyes and skin. it is a butanoate ester of butan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a butan-1-ol. 
An inactive metabolite of PROGESTERONE by reduction at C5, C3, and C20 position. it has two hydroxyl groups, at 3-alpha and 20-alpha. It is detectable in URINE after OVULATION and is found in great quantities in the pregnancy urine. 
it is a steroid lactone that is a C23 steroid with methyl groups at C-10 and C-13 and a butenolide ring at C-17. It is a steroid fundamental parent and a member of its. 
Benzenamine sulfate is a sulfamic acid having a phenyl group attached to nitrogen. It derives from an aniline. It is a conjugate acid of a benzenamine sulfate(1-). 
Pyrithione Sodium is the sodium salt form of pyrithione, a fungistatic and antimicrobial derivative of aspergillic acid. Although the exact mechanism of action remains to be fully elucidated, pyrithione sodium appears to interfere with membrane transport ultimately leading to a loss of metabolic control. 
Methyl (R)-3-methyl-2-oxopentanoate, also known as fema 3713 or methyl 2-keto-3-methylvalerate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Methyl (R)-3-methyl-2-oxopentanoate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Methyl (R)-3-methyl-2-oxopentanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methyl (R)-3-methyl-2-oxopentanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an indanone with an oxo substituent at position 2. It is a metabolite of indane. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a tetrasaccharide consisting of sucrose having an alpha-D-galactosyl-(1->6)-alpha-D-galactosyl moiety attached at the 6-position of the glucose. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a raffinose family oligosaccharide and a tetrasaccharide. It derives from a sucrose and a raffinose. 
it is a second generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefuroxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefuroxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it is a mamber of the class of benzaldehydes carrying a dimethylamino substituent at position 4. Used as an indicator for detection of indoles and hydrazine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a member of benzaldehydes, a substituted aniline and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazolin-4(3H)-one carrying (6-amino-9H-purin-9-yl)methyl, 2-methylphenyl and methyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 5 respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of 6-aminopurines and a biaryl. 
it is an aldehydic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-oxobutanoate. 
it is a quinoline having a chloro group at the 7-position and an aryl amino group at the 4-position. It has a role as an antimalarial, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a drug allergen, a prodrug, an EC 2.1.1.8 (histamine N-methyltransferase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of phenols, an aminoquinoline, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound and an organochlorine compound. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is an orally active 4-aminoquinoline derivative with antimalarial and anti-inflammatory properties. Similar in structure and activity to chloroquine, it is effective against some chloroquine-resistant strains, particularly Plasmodium falciparum, the most deadly malaria parasite. Although the mechanism of plasmodicidal action has not been fully elucidated, like other quinoline derivatives, it likely is able to inhibit heme polymerase activity in the body. This results in accumulation of free heme, which is toxic to the parasites. 
Exenatide is an analogue of human glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) which is used in combination with diet and exercise in the therapy of type 2 diabetes, either alone or in combination with other antidiabetic agents. There have been no published reports of hepatotoxicity attributed to exenatide therapy. 
it is a chelated octreotide derivative with somatostatin activity. it is produced by substituting tyrosine for phenylalanine at the 3 position of octreotide and chelated via dodecanetetraacetic acid (DOTA). Like octreotide, this it binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTRs), especially type 2, present on the cell membrane of many types of neuroendocrine tumors. When labeled with nuclides, it conjugates could result in tissue specific cytotoxicity. 
it is a penicillin compound having a 6beta-[3-(2-chloro-6-fluorophenyl)-5-methyl-1,2-oxazole-4-carboxamido] side-chain. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a narrow-spectrum, semisynthetic isoxazolyl penicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it is the 1''-phosphate derivative of ADP-D-ribose. It derives from an ADP-D-ribose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
(1-naphthyl)methanol is a naphthylmethanol that is methanol in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by a naphthalen-1-yl group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it appears as colorless or white crystals. Fragrant and penetrating odor. Slightly bitter and cooling taste. Odor index at 68Â° F: 40. Flash point 149Â°F. Burns with a bright, smoky flame. Sublimes appreciably at room temperature and pressure; 14% sublimes within 60 minutes at 176Â°F and 12 mm Hg. (NTP, 1992) (S)-camphor is the S-enantiomer of camphor. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-camphor. 
it (OCS) is a by-product of the normal industrial chemical processes such as PVC recycling activities, Aluminum refining operations, metal-chlorinated solvent degreasing operations and many others. These materials are known to be highly toxic and when released to the environment are extremely persistent. 
it is a prostaglandins A. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of ancitabine and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an antimetabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It contains an ancitabine(1+). Ancitabine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of a cytarabine congener prodrug with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, ancitabine is slowly hydrolyzed into cytarabine. Subsequently, cytarabine is converted to the triphosphate form within the cell and then competes with cytidine for incorporation into DNA. Because the arabinose sugar sterically hinders the rotation of the molecule within DNA, DNA replication ceases, specifically during the S phase of the cell cycle. Cytarabine agent also inhibits DNA polymerase, resulting in a decrease in DNA replication and repair. Compared to cytarabine, a more prolonged, consistent cytarabine-mediated therapeutic effect may be achieved with ancitabine because of the slow hydrolytic conversion of ancitabine to cytarabine. 
L-beta-Aspartyl-L-glycine , also known as L-Î’-aspartyl-L-glycine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hybrid peptides. Hybrid peptides are compounds containing at least two different types of amino acids (alpha, beta, gamma, delta) linked to each other through a peptide bond. L-beta-Aspartyl-L-glycine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a white to light tan powder. Slightly acidic. (NTP, 1992) it is a dicarboximide that is 2,3-dihydro-1H-isoindole substituted by oxo groups at positions 1 and 3. 
A hallucinogen formerly used as a veterinary anesthetic, and briefly as a general anesthetic for humans. Phencyclidine is similar to KETAMINE in structure and in many of its effects. Like ketamine, it can produce a dissociative state. It exerts its pharmacological action through inhibition of NMDA receptors (RECEPTORS, N-METHYL-D-ASPARTATE). As a drug of abuse, it is known as PCP and Angel Dust. 
2,7-dibromo-4-hydroxymercurifluorescein is a xanthene dye that is fluorescein bearing bromine substituents at positions 2 and 7 as well as a hydroxymercurio substituent at position 4. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an organobromine compound, a xanthene dye, a member of benzoic acids and an arylmercury compound. It derives from a fluorescein. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,7-dibromo-4-hydroxymercurifluorescein(2-). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Flash point 59Â°F. Less dense than water (at 7.2 lb / gal) and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. it is an alkylbenzene carrying an ethyl substituent. It is a constituent of coal tar and petroleum. 
it, also known as desacetyluvaricin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
The combination of sulfadoxine and pyrimethamine is used in the treatment and prophylaxis of chloroquine resistant strains of malaria and the treatment of toxoplasmosis. Sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine has been linked with rare cases of idiosyncratic liver injury which resembles the hepatotoxicity associated with sulfonamides. 
4-coumaroyl-CoA(4-) is tetraanion of 4-coumaroyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 4-coumaroyl-CoA. 
it is a macrocycle that is a lactam analogue of epothilone B. Binds directly to beta-tubulin subunits on microtubules, leading to suppression of microtubule dynamics. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a microtubule-destabilising agent. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a beta-hydroxy ketone, a lactam, a macrocycle and an epoxide. it is an orally bioavailable semisynthetic analogue of epothilone B with antineoplastic activity. it binds to tubulin and promotes tubulin polymerization and microtubule stabilization, thereby arresting cells in the G2-M phase of the cell cycle and inducing tumor cell apoptosis. This agent demonstrates antineoplastic activity against taxane-resistant cell lines. 
it appears as white needles. Melting point 93.6Â°C. Soluble in hot alcohol. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. May irritate skin and mucous membranes. Emits acrid smoke and irritating fumes when heated to decomposition. Derived from coal tar and used to make dyes, pharmaceuticals, insecticides, fungicides, and plastics. it is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon derived from naphthalene by the addition of an ethylene bridge connecting C-1 and C-8. 
Ammonium nickel sulfate hexahydrate is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of ammonium nickel sulfate. It is a hydrate, a nickel coordination entity, an ammonium salt and a metal sulfate. It contains an ammonium nickel sulfate. 
Tellurite, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as metalloid oxides. These are inorganic compounds containing an oxygen atom of an oxidation state of -2, in which the heaviest atom bonded to the oxygen is a metalloid. 
A histamine analog and H1 receptor agonist that serves as a vasodilator. It is used in MENIERE DISEASE and in vascular headaches but may exacerbate bronchial asthma and peptic ulcers. 
3-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 3-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Lithium peroxide appears as a white powder or sandy yellow granular solid. Irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used to produce a supply of high-purity oxygen. 
1, 2-Dimethoxy-4-vinylbenzene, also known as 3, 4-dimethoxy-styrene or 4-ethenyl-1, 2-dimethoxy-benzene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dimethoxybenzenes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a monocyclic benzene moiety carrying exactly two methoxy groups. 1, 2-Dimethoxy-4-vinylbenzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 2-dimethoxy-4-vinylbenzene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1, 2-Dimethoxy-4-vinylbenzene is a cortex, floral, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products and coffee and coffee products. This makes 1, 2-dimethoxy-4-vinylbenzene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
3-(3, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 3-(3, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it appears as a clear yellow liquid with a fishlike odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzene-1-sulfonic acid is an arenesulfonic acid that is guaiacol sulfated at position 4. Commonly used (in the form of its potassium salt) as an expectorant. It has a role as an expectorant. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a guaiacol. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzene-1-sulfonate. 
Ethylenediamine tetraacetic acid, trisodium salt is an odorless white crystalline powder. pH (1% aqueous solution) 9.3. pH (10% aqueous solution) about 8.3-8.7. (NTP, 1992) it is the organic sodium salt of ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) in which three sodium cations are associated with one trianion of EDTA. It contains an EDTA(3-). 
Methylamyl acetate appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 95Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glutamine and derivatives. Glutamine and derivatives are compounds containing glutamine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of glutamine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, L-N-(3-carboxypropyl)glutamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, L-N-(3-carboxypropyl)glutamine can be found in root vegetables. This makes L-N-(3-carboxypropyl)glutamine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N(alpha)-t-butoxycarbonyl-L-leucine is a L-leucine derivative obtained by the substitution of a t-butoxycarbonyl group on the nitrogen atom. It is a carbamate ester and a L-leucine derivative. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a dipeptide derivative which is used which is in combination with dasabuvir sodium hydrate, paritaprevir and ritonavir (under the trade name Viekira Pak) for treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 infection as well as cirrhosis of the liver. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor. It is a member of pyrrolidines, a carbamate ester, an aromatic amide and a dipeptide. It derives from a Val-Pro. it is an orally available inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) non-structural protein 5A (NS5A) replication complex, with potential activity against HCV. Upon oral administration and after intracellular uptake, it binds to and blocks the activity of the NS5A protein. This results in the disruption of the viral RNA replication complex, blockage of HCV RNA production, and inhibition of viral replication. NS5A, a zinc-binding and proline-rich hydrophilic phosphoprotein, plays a crucial role in HCV RNA replication. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family; HCV infection is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
it is a benzo[5,6]cyclohepta[1,2-b]pyridine having a 1-methylpiperidin-4-ylidene group at the 11-position. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. It is a benzocycloheptapyridine and a tertiary amine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is umbelliferone in which the hydroxy group at position 7 is replaced by an ethoxy group. It is an aromatic ether and a member of coumarins. It derives from an umbelliferone. 
it, also known as 1, 2, 5, 6-tetrahydrocuminic acid or fema 3731, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-isopropyl-3-cyclohexene-1-carboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4-isopropyl-3-cyclohexene-1-carboxylic acid can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 4-isopropyl-3-cyclohexene-1-carboxylic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a nucleotoxic with potential antineoplastic activity. The mechanism of action through which it exerts its effect has yet to be fully elucidated. 
it is a cholestanoid that is cholest-4-ene substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a cholestanoid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. 
1, 3, 7, 12-Tetrahydroxycholan-24-Oic acid, also known as 1, 3, 7, 12-thca or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydroxy bile acids, alcohols and derivatives. These are prenol lipids structurally characterized by a bile acid or alcohol which bears four hydroxyl groups. 1, 3, 7, 12-Tetrahydroxycholan-24-Oic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1, 3, 7, 12-Tetrahydroxycholan-24-Oic acid has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 1, 3, 7, 12-tetrahydroxycholan-24-Oic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside compound having 5-fluorouracil as the nucleobase; used to treat hepatic metastases of gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas and for palliation in malignant neoplasms of the liver and gastrointestinal tract. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite, an antiviral drug and a radiosensitizing agent. It is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside, an organofluorine compound and a nucleoside analogue. it is a fluorinated pyrimidine monophosphate analogue of 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-phosphate (FUDR-MP) with antineoplastic activity. As an antimetabolite, it inhibits thymidylate synthase, resulting in disruption of DNA synthesis and cytotoxicity. This agent is also metabolized to fluorouracil and other metabolites that can be incorporated into RNA and inhibit the utilization of preformed uracil in RNA synthesis. (NCI04) 
it, also known as gly-pro, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in most biofluids, including urine, cerebrospinal fluid, feces, and blood. Within the cell, glycylproline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has been found to be associated with the diseases known as alzheimer's disease; glycylproline has also been linked to the inborn metabolic disorders including prolidase deficiency. 
it is a leucine derivative obtained by fpormal condensation of the secondary amino group of 5-({2,3-dichloro-4-[1-methyl-5-(piperidin-4-yl)-1H-pyrazol-3-yl]phenoxy}methyl)-2-furoic acid and the carboxy group of N-amidino-L-leucylglycine It is a member of guanidines, a furoic acid, a pyrazolylpiperidine, a glycine derivative, a dichlorobenzene and a D-leucine derivative. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid derived from L-methionine via the action of methionine transaminase. It derives from a butyric acid and a L-methionine. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methylthio-2-oxobutanoate. 
it is a nonsulfonylurea insulin secretagogue belonging to the melgitinide class with hypoglycemic activity. it is rapidly absorbed and has a rapid onset and short duration of action. This agent is metabolized in the liver by CYP2C8 and CYP3A4 and its metabolites are excreted in the bile. it has a half-life of one hour. 
Poly(ethylene glycol) methyl ether methacrylate is a poly(ethylene glycol) compound having a methacrylate group at the alpha-terminus and a methyl group at the omega-terminus. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-alanyl and L-aspartic acid residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is quercetin methylated at position 7. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a monomethoxyflavone and a tetrahydroxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. 
it is a hexadecenoyl-CoA(4-) obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate and diphosphate OH groups of (E)-hexadec-2-enoyl-CoA; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a hexadecenoyl-CoA(4-) and a 2,3-trans-enoyl CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of an (E)-hexadec-2-enoyl-CoA. 
it appears as a colorless to pale yellow liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is a cyclic amine whose five-membered ring contains four carbon atoms and one nitrogen atom; the parent compound of the it family. It is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, a member of its and an azacycloalkane. It is a conjugate base of a pyrrolidinium ion. 
it is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid that is (R)-nipecotic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen has been replaced by a 1,1-bis(3-methyl-2-thienyl)but-1-en-4-yl group. A GABA reuptake inhibitor, it is used (generally as the hydrochloride salt) for the treatment of epilepsy. It has a role as a GABA reuptake inhibitor and an anticonvulsant. It is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid, a beta-amino acid, a member of thiophenes and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a (R)-nipecotic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of pyrroles carrying a 2-amino-3-chlorophenyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of pyrroles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a substituted aniline and an indole alkaloid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 140Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it, also known as 4'67-trihydroxyisoflavanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavanones. These are polycyclic compounds containing an isoflavan skeleton which bears a ketone at position C4. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, a generic term, refers to any of a group of approximately 30 silicate minerals occurring as non-fibrous plates. it (hydrated aluminium potassium silicate[KAl2(AlSi3O10)(F, OH)2 ])and phlogopite (potassium magnesium aluminum silicate hydroxide) are the two major micas of commerce. Micas are commonly found in ordinary rocks. Inhalation of mica dust presents an occupational hazard. 
it is an imidazoquinoline that is 3H-imidazo[4,5-f]quinoline substituted by a methyl group at position 3 and an acetoxyamino group at position 2. The active metabolite of the dietary carcinogen 3-methyl-3H-imidazo[4,5-f]quinolin-2-amine (IQ). It has a role as a rat metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a carcinogenic agent. It is an imidazoquinoline and a N-acetoxyarylamine. 
it is a yellow powder with a slight odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquiones that is 1,4-benzoquinone in which all four hydrogens are substituted by chlorines. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor. It is an organochlorine compound and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. 
Borneol appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. 
A 21-carbon steroid that is converted from PREGNENOLONE by STEROID 17-ALPHA-HYDROXYLASE. It is an intermediate in the delta-5 pathway of biosynthesis of GONADAL STEROID HORMONES and the adrenal CORTICOSTEROIDS. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid aglycone metabolite of glycyrrhizin, which is a product of the plant Glycyrrhiza glabra (licorice), with potential expectorant, and gastrokinetic activities. After administration, it inhibits the metabolism of prostaglandins by both 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase [NAD(+)] and prostaglandin reductase 2. Therefore, this agent potentiates the activity of prostaglandin E2 and F2alpha, which inhibits gastric secretion while stimulating pancreatic secretion and the secretion of intestinal and respiratory mucus, leading to increased intestinal motility and antitussive effects. Additionally, this agent inhibits 11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase and other enzymes involved in the conversion of cortisol to cortisone in the kidneys. 
it is the straight-chain keto form of it. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a keto-D-tagatose. 
it is an imidothiocarbamic ester, a member of indoles and a member of maleimides. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor. It derives from a maleimide. 
it is a tetralin substituted at positions 1 and 7 by hydroxy and dipropylamino groups respectively It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. It is a member of tetralins, a member of phenols and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 
it is a 1-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)-4-isopropylpiperazine in which positions 2 and 4 of the 1,3-dioxolane moiety have S and R configuration, respectively. It is an enantiomer of a (2R,4S)-terconazole. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Soluble in water and denser than water. Corrosive to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used to make other chemicals and as a solvent. it is a monocarboxylic acid that is the trifluoro derivative of acetic acid. It has a role as a reagent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a trifluoroacetate. 
it is an imidazole derivative and broad-spectrum antimycotic agent with fungistatic properties. it inhibits biosynthesis of ergosterol, thereby damaging the fungal cell wall membrane and altering its permeability which leads to a loss of essential intracellular components. In addition, it inhibits biosynthesis of triglycerides and phospholipids and inhibits oxidative and peroxidative enzyme activity which may contribute to cellular necrosis and cell death. it is also active against some gram positive bacteria. This antifungal agent is used in the treatment various dermatomycoses. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxepanes. Oxepanes are compounds containing an oxepane ring, which is a seven-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen and six carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a pyridinedicarboxylic acid carrying carboxy groups at positions 2 and 4. It is a conjugate acid of a lutidinate(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (R)-athanagrandione is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (R)-athanagrandione can be found in potato. This makes (R)-athanagrandione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A widely used anti-inflammatory agent isolated from the licorice root. It is metabolized to GLYCYRRHETINIC ACID, which inhibits 11-BETA-HYDROXYSTEROID DEHYDROGENASES and other enzymes involved in the metabolism of CORTICOSTEROIDS. Therefore, glycyrrhizic acid, which is the main and sweet component of licorice, has been investigated for its ability to cause hypermineralocorticoidism with sodium retention and potassium loss, edema, increased blood pressure, as well as depression of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the 2-chloroethyl ester of (methylsulfonyl) methanesulfonic acid with potential antineoplastic effects. Acting as a chloroethylating agent, it induces the formation of DNA interstrand crosslinks in some cell lines, and exhibits antitumor activity in some animal models. Alkylating agents exert cytotoxic and, in some cases, chemotherapeutic effects by transferring alkyl groups to DNA, thereby damaging DNA and interfering with DNA synthesis and cell division. (NCI04) 
Fludrocortisone Acetate is the acetate salt of a synthetic fluorinated corticosteroid with antiinflammatory and antiallergic activities. As a glucocorticoid-receptor agonist, fludrocortisone binds to cytoplasmic receptors, translocates to the nucleus, and subsequently initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as lipocortins to inhibit phospholipase A2 (PLA2). Inhibition of PLA2 activity prevents the release of arachidonic acid, a precursor of eicosanoids such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes; eicosanoids are important mediators in the pro-inflammatory response mechanism. As a mineralocorticoid-receptor agonist, this agent stimulates Na+ reabsorption and water retention and K+ and H+ secretion in the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the kidney. 
it is a member of the class of chlorohydroquinones that is hydroquinone in which three of the four hydrogens attached to the benzene ring have been replaced by chlorines. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3,6-trichloro-4-hydroxyphenolate. 
it is a phenol that is bisphenol A in which one of the phenolic hydrogens has been replaced by a methyl group. It is a member of phenols and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a bisphenol A. 
it is a meroterpenoid produced by Aspergillus nidulans. It has an oxygen-bridged pentacyclic structure which incorporates three lactone functionalities and a spiro union. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. Thus, is considered to be a fatty acid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, can be found in milk and milk products. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a fluorescent dye of absorption wavelength 401 nm and emission wavelength 421 nm derived from tris(triethylammonium)-8-hydroxypyrene-1,3,6-trisulfonate. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a triethylammonium ion and an it(3-). It derives from a hydride of a pyrene. 
Sodium nitrilotriacetate is an organic sodium salt composed of sodium and nitrilotriacetate ions in a 3:1 ratio. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a nephrotoxic agent. It contains a nitrilotriacetate(3-). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Solamine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trialkylamines. These are organic compounds containing a trialkylamine group, characterized by exactly three alkyl groups bonded to the amino nitrogen. Solamine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, solamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, solamine can be found in fruits and potato. This makes solamine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it appears as odorless yellow leaflets or needles; yellow powder. Tasteless. Filtrate from water suspension is neutral to litmus. When exposed to air, alkaline solutions turn red and lose their fluorescence. (NTP, 1992) it is an anthracenetriol that is anthracene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 8 and 9. It is a tautomer of an anthralin. 
it is a member of the class of its that exhibits antibiotic and antitubercular properties. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antitubercular agent. It is a member of its, an acetate ester, a cyclic ketal, a lactam, a macrocycle, a polyphenol and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a natural antibiotic produced by Streptomyces mediterranei, it (Ansamycin Family) is a commonly used antimycobacterial drug that inhibits prokaryotic DNA-dependent RNA synthesis and protein synthesis; it blocks RNA-polymerase transcription initiation. it has an activity spectrum against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, but is mainly used against Mycobacterium sp. (especially M. tuberculosis) in association with other agents to overcome resistance. (NCI04) 
it, also known as fema 2004 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, acetal R is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is the 5-O-methyl derivative of bellidifolin. Isolated from Centaurium erythraea and Swertia chirayita, it exhibits hypoglycemic activity. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It derives from a bellidifolin. 
it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione (hydantoin) in which the imidazolidine nucleus carries a methyl group at N-3 and has ethyl and phenyl substituents at C-5. An anticonvulsant, it is no longer available in the USA or the UK but is still studied largely because of its interesting hydroxylation polymorphism. It has a role as an anticonvulsant. it is a heterocyclic organic compound with anticonvulsant property. Although the mechanism of action is not well established, it potentially promotes sodium efflux from neurons in motor cortex, and stabilizes the threshold against hyperexcitability caused by excessive stimulation. Thus this agent reduces the membrane sodium gradient and prevents cortical seizure signal spreading. It may cause blood dyscrasias, therefore, this agent was only used after other less toxic anticonvulsants had failed. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as barbituric acid derivatives. Barbituric acid derivatives are compounds containing a perhydropyrimidine ring substituted at C-2, -4 and -6 by oxo groups. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a methyl lactate that has R configuration. It derives from a (R)-lactic acid. It is an enantiomer of a methyl (S)-lactate. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having isobutyryl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an isobutyric acid. 
it is a bridged compound and sesquiterpene that is tricyclo[5.4.0.0(2,8)]undecane that is substituted by methyl groups at the 2, 6, 6, and 9 positions and has a double bond between positions 9 and 10. It is a bridged compound, a polycyclic olefin and a sesquiterpene. 
it appears as a solid. Used in the control of powdery mildew on apples and ornamentals. Product discontinued by U.S. supplier. (EPA, 1998) 
it appears as clear pale yellow liquid. Toxic by skin absorption or inhalation of vapors. Used as a bactericide, fungicide and chemical intermediate. 
Glutamine is an alpha-amino acid that consists of butyric acid bearing an amino substituent at position 2 and a carbamoyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid and a polar amino acid. It contains a 3-amino-3-oxopropyl group. It is a conjugate base of a glutaminium. It is a conjugate acid of a glutaminate. 
it, also known as pinocamphone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil which is substituted at positions 1, 5, and 6 by benzyloxymethyl, isopropyl, and benzyl groups, respectively. It derives from a uracil. 
it, also known as 2-isobutyl-3-methyl-pyrazine or 2-methyl-3-isobutylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-3-(2-methylpropyl)pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a green, herbal, and sugar tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products, potato, and root vegetables. This makes 2-methyl-3-(2-methylpropyl)pyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A nonclassical folic acid inhibitor through its inhibition of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. It is being tested for efficacy as an antineoplastic agent and as an antiparasitic agent against PNEUMOCYSTIS PNEUMONIA in AIDS patients. Myelosuppression is its dose-limiting toxic effect. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03452930 (it With or Without Radiation Therapy in Treating Patients With Newly Diagnosed MGMT-Unmethylated Glioblastoma). it is an alkylating histone-deacetylase inhibitor (HDACi) fusion molecule composed of the alkylating agent bendamustine fused to the pan-HDACi vorinostat, with potential bi-functional antineoplastic activity. Upon administration of it the vorinostat moiety targets and binds to HDACs. This leads to an accumulation of highly acetylated histones, which results in an induction of chromatin remodeling, a modulation of gene expression, an inhibition of tumor cell division and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. The bendamustine moiety binds to, alkylates and crosslinks macromolecules, inhibiting DNA, RNA and protein synthesis, which also results in tumor cell apoptosis. Thus, it shows superior efficacy compared to the activity of either agent alone. In addition, the inhibition of HDAC6 activity by it induces the activation of inositol-requiring enzyme 1 (IRE-1), the key regulatory protein for the unfolded protein response (UPR). Induction of the UPR increases the sensitivity of certain cancer cell types to certain chemotherapeutic agents, such as proteasome inhibitors. Therefore, it may work synergistically with proteasome inhibitors. HDACs, enzymes that deacetylate chromatin histone proteins, are overexpressed in various cancers and play a key role in proliferation and resistance of tumor cells. 
it appears as clear to white crystals or white crystalline powder. Odorless. Used as a cardiotonic drug. (EPA, 1998) it is a cardenolide glycoside that is digitoxin beta-hydroxylated at C-12. A cardiac glycoside extracted from the foxglove plant, Digitalis lanata, it is used to control ventricular rate in atrial fibrillation and in the management of congestive heart failure with atrial fibrillation, but the margin between toxic and therapeutic doses is small. It has a role as an epitope, an anti-arrhythmia drug, a cardiotonic drug and an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is a cardenolide glycoside and a steroid saponin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a cardiac glycoside. it inhibits the sodium potassium adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) pump, thereby increasing intracellular calcium and enhancing cardiac contractility. This agent also acts directly on the atrioventricular node to suppress conduction, thereby slowing conduction velocity. Apparently due to its effects on intracellular calcium concentrations, it induces apoptosis of tumor cells via a pathway involving mitochondrial cytochrome c and caspases 8 and 3. (NCI04) 
it is the lead clinical development candidate from a series of highly selective peripheral kappa opioid receptor agonists. In preclinical studies, it was highly selective for the peripheral kappa opioid receptor. Preclinical animal studies suggest that it is a potent analgesic compound. In addition, unlike currently marketed opioids, it does not produce inhibition of intestinal transit (ileus), induce respiratory depression, or elicit signs of euphoria or addiction in animal models. Preclinical studies also indicate that it possesses anti-inflammatory activities. 
, also known as gramisterol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ergosterols and derivatives. These are steroids containing ergosta-5, 7, 22-trien-3beta-ol or a derivative thereof, which is based on the 3beta-hydroxylated ergostane skeleton. Thus, is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. can be biosynthesized from stigmastane. 
it is a benzamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-(dimethylamino)benzoic acid with the amino group of 7-amino-N-hydroxyheptanamide. It is a potent inhibitor of histone deacetylases and induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in several human cancer cell lines. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzamides, a hydroxamic acid, a secondary carboxamide and a tertiary amino compound. 
Crotonic acid appears as a white crystalline solid. Shipped as either a solid or liquid. Soluble in water and less dense than water. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is the conjugate base of crotonic acid; used by some bacterial species as a carbon and energy source. It is a conjugate base of a crotonic acid. 
it is an enoate ester that is the 1-methacryloyl derivative of propane-1,2-diol. It has a role as a polymerisation monomer. It derives from a propane-1,2-diol and a methacrylic acid. 
it is an organic bromide salt consisting of sepantronium cations and bromide anions. It has been found to selectively inhibit survivin (BIRC5) gene promoter activity and to down-regulate survivin in vitro, so leading to induction of apoptosis. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a survivin suppressant and an apoptosis inducer. It contains a sepantronium. Sepantronium Bromide is a small-molecule proapoptotic agent with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits survivin expression in tumor cells, resulting in inhibition of survivin antiapoptotic activity (via the extrinsic or intrinsic apoptotic pathways) and tumor cell apoptosis. Survivin, a member of the inhibitor of apoptosis (IAP) gene family, is expressed during embryonal development and is absent in most normal, terminally differentiated tissues; upregulated in a variety of human cancers, its expression in tumors is associated with a more aggressive phenotype, shorter survival times, and a decreased response to chemotherapy. 
it is a member of benzodioxoles, an aromatic ether, a gamma-lactone, a member of benzyl alcohols and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a podorhizol. 
6-Hydroxy-2-(3, 4, 5-trimethoxyphenyl)-4H-chromen-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the flavonoid backbone. 6-Hydroxy-2-(3, 4, 5-trimethoxyphenyl)-4H-chromen-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a secondary alcohol that s tridecane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a tridecane. 
it is a twelve-membered macrolide antibiotic that is biosynthesised by Streptomyces venezuelae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative and an enone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a dialkyl ketone that is hentriacontane in which the hydrogens at position 16 are replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a metabolite and an anticonvulsant. It derives from a hydride of a hentriacontane. 
it is an orally administered antifoaming agent. It is mainly used to reduce gas from the gastrointestinal tract  (GIT) in patients complaining from recurrent flatulence. it is a mixture of polydimethylsiloxane and hydrated silica gel. It exerts its action locally in the GIT, it is not absorbed into the blood stream.  The main side effects of it are GIT related including: mild diarrhea, nausea and vomiting. 
it is cinchonan in which a hydrogen at position 9 is substituted by hydroxy (S configuration). It occurs in the bark of most varieties of Cinchona shrubs, and is frequently used for directing chirality in asymmetric synthesis. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a cinchona alkaloid and an (8xi)-cinchonan-9-ol. It derives from a hydride of a cinchonan. 
it appears as a colorless, corrosive liquid. Combustible. Slowly dissolves in water and sinks in water. Severely irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. it is a trialkyl phosphate that is the triethy ester derivative of phosphoric acid. It derives from an ethanol. 
it is a polyazaalkane comprising undecane with three aza groups placed at the 1-, 6- and 11-positions. It is a triamine and a polyazaalkane. It is a conjugate base of a sym-homospermidinium(3+). 
Poly(D,L-lactic acid-co-glycolic acid) is a copolymer composed of 2-hydroxypropanoyl and 2-hydroxyacetyl units. It is a copolymer macromolecule and a polyester macromolecule. 
Vinblastine sulfate appears as an anticancer drug. White to slightly yellow crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) Vinblastine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of vinblastine, a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Catharanthus roseus (Madagascar periwinkle) with antineoplastic properties. Vinblastine disrupts microtubule formation and function during mitosis and interferes with glutamic acid metabolism. (NCI04) 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is the 6-O-beta-D-glucoside of esculetin. It has a role as an antioxidant and a metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a hydroxycoumarin. It derives from an esculetin. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Recurrent Prostate Cancer, Metastatic Prostate Cancer, Androgen-independent Prostate Cancer, and Progesterone Receptor Positive Tumor: Max 1 Line of Prior Chemotherapy, no Prior Hormone Therapy. 
it is an azamacrocycle consisting of two cyclam rings connected by a 1,4-phenylenebis(methylene) linker. It is a CXCR4 chemokine receptor antagonist and a hematopoietic stem cell mobilizer. It is used in combination with grulocyte-colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) to mobilize hematopoietic stem cells to the perpheral blood for collection and subsequent autologous transplantation in patients with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and multiple myeloma. It has a role as an immunological adjuvant, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-HIV agent and a C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 antagonist. It is an azamacrocycle, a crown amine, a secondary amino compound, an azacycloalkane, a tertiary amino compound and a member of benzenes. It derives from a 1,4,8,11-tetraazacyclotetradecane. it is a bicyclam with hematopoietic stem cell-mobilizing activity. it blocks the binding of stromal cell-derived factor (SDF-1alpha) to the cellular receptor CXCR4, resulting in hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) release from bone marrow and HSC movement into the peripheral circulation. 
it is an oxonium betaine obtained by deprotonation of the 5 position of delfinidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a delphinidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol acetate substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 2 and 4 and a 4-fluorophenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is a member of monofluorobenzenes, an acetate ester and a member of chromenes. 
it appears as orange powder or a bright orange crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a colorless, crystalline compound that emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides when heated to decomposition. it has been used primarily in the dye manufacturing industry as the precursor of the dye intermediate benzidine and is also used as an intermediate in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals. Exposure to this substance irritates the skin, nose, throat and lungs and can eventually lead to liver, kidney and brain damage. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
it is the hexacetonide salt form of triamcinolone, a synthetic glucocorticosteroid with immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory activity. it binds to specific cytosolic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently interacts with glucocorticoid receptor response element on DNA and alters gene expression. This results in an induction of the synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins while inhibiting the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators. Consequently, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions are accomplished. 
it is a member of the class of furans that is furan-3(2H)-one carrying additional ethyl, hydroxy and methyl substituents at positions 2, 4 and 5 respectively. A key aroma compound in soy sauce and fish sauce. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a cyclic ketone, an enol and a member of furans. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and mulberry. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a N-acyl-L-glutamic acid and a tricarboxylic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(3-carboxylatopropanoyl)-L-glutamate(3-). 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Flash point 70Â°F. Insoluble in water and less dense (at about 6 lb / gal) than water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air and may settle in depressions. Reported to biodegrade very slowly. Used in organic synthesis, surfactants, and plasticizers. 
it is an it with the double bond at position 2. It is an it and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of an octadec-2-ene. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactonethat is 2,3-dihydroaromaticin substituted by an alpha-hydroxy group at position 6. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Inula hupehensis. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, a cyclic ketone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a sesquiterpene lactone and a secondary alcohol. 
it is an apo carotenoid sesquiterpenoid that is phaseic acid in which the keto group has been reduced to the corresponding alcohol such that the two hydroxy groups are on opposite sides of the 6-membered ring. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 6-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a cyclic ether, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an apo carotenoid sesquiterpenoid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a phaseic acid. 
it is a dipeptide consisting of a D-gamma-glutamyl residue attached to D-glutamic via a peptide linkage. It is a conjugate acid of a D-gamma-glutamyl-D-glutamate(2-). 
it is a member of the class of benzoates resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of 4-nitrobenzoic acid. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-nitrobenzoic acid. 
(3beta, 5alpha)-3-Hydroxypregn-16-en-20-one, also known as 3 beta-hydroxy-5 alpha-pregn-16-en-20-one or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 20-oxosteroids. These are steroid derivatives carrying a C=O group at the 20-position of the steroid skeleton (3beta, 5alpha)-3-Hydroxypregn-16-en-20-one exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral (3beta, 5alpha)-3-Hydroxypregn-16-en-20-one has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as blood and urine. Within the cell, (3beta, 5alpha)-3-hydroxypregn-16-en-20-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (3beta, 5alpha)-3-hydroxypregn-16-en-20-one can be found in garden tomato. This makes (3beta, 5alpha)-3-hydroxypregn-16-en-20-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of furonaphthodioxoles that is (5R,5aR,8aR)-5,8,8a,9-tetrahydro-2H-furo[3',4':6,7]naphtho[2,3-d][1,3]dioxol-6(5aH)-one substituted at position 5 by a 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an immunosuppressive agent, an antioxidant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a lignan, a gamma-lactone, a furonaphthodioxole, a member of methoxybenzenes and a member of phenols. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a methylamino group. A non-proteinogenic amino acid produced by cyanobacteria, it is a neurotoxin that has been postulated as a possible cause of neurodegenerative disorders of aging such as Alzheimer's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, and the amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/parkinsonism-dementia complex (ALS-PDC) syndrome of Guam. It has a role as a neurotoxin and a bacterial metabolite. It is a secondary amino compound, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a L-alanine derivative and a diamino acid. 
it is a member of the class of anthracenones that is 3,4-dihydroanthracen-1(2H)-one which carries a methyl group at position 3 and hydroxy groups at positions 3, 6, 8, and 9, respectively. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a member of phenols, an anthracenone, a tertiary alcohol, a beta-hydroxy ketone and a polyketide. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid. It is shipped as a solid or liquid solution. It is decomposed slowly by water to hydrochloric acid and antimony oxychloride. Antimony oxychloride is soluble in hydrochloric acid but insoluble in water. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. it is an inorganic chloride salt with formula SbCl3. It is used as a reagent for detecting vitamin A and related carotenoids, reacting with the carotenoid to form a blue complex that can be measured by colorimetry (the Carr-Price test). Solutions of it were formerly used for dissolving and removing horn stubs from calves and goats. It has a role as a Lewis acid, an apoptosis inducer and a colorimetric reagent. It is an antimony molecular entity and an inorganic chloride. It derives from a hydride of a stibane. 
it is a piperidinecarboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-butylpipecolic acid with the amino group of 2,6-dimethylaniline. It is a piperidinecarboxamide, an aromatic amide and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a 1-butyl-2-[(2,6-dimethylphenyl)carbamoyl]piperidinium. it is an amide-type, long-acting local anesthetic. Bupivicaine reversibly binds to specific sodium ion channels in the neuronal membrane, resulting in a decrease in the voltage-dependent membrane permeability to sodium ions and membrane stabilization; inhibition of depolarization and nerve impulse conduction; and a reversible loss of sensation. 
it is a colorless to yellow, oily odorless liquid with a sweetish taste. Mp: -22Â°C; bp: explodes at 114Â°C. Density: 1.49 g cm-3. Soluble in water (23.3 g/L H2O) at 25Â°C). Very soluble in ethanol and in ether. Used as an explosive ingredient in dynamite along with nitroglycerine. Toxic; can penetrate the skin. 
Chlormerodrin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoureas. These are organic compounds containing the isourea group, with the general structure R1N(R2)C(=NR3)OR4, or its hydrocarbyl derivatives (R1, R2, R3, R4=H, alkyl, aryl). Chlormerodrin exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Chlormerodrin has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
Beta-bisabolene is a bisabolene that is cyclohexene substituted by a methyl group at position 1 and a 6-methylhepta-1,5-dien-2-yl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Multiple Myeloma, Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia, Advanced Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and Advanced Non-Central Nervous System (CNS) Malignancies. it is an orally bioavailable proteasome inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Proteasome inhibitor it inhibits the activity of the proteasome, thereby blocking the targeted proteolysis normally performed by the proteasome; this may result in an accumulation of unwanted or misfolded proteins. Disruption of various cell signaling pathways may follow, eventually leading to the induction of apoptosis and inhibition of tumor growth. Proteasomes are large protease complexes that degrade unneeded or damaged proteins that have been ubiquitinated. 
it is the conjugate base of trans-caffeic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a trans-caffeic acid. 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is (6E)-7-{4-(4-fluorophenyl)-2-[methyl(methylsulfonyl)amino]-6-(propan-2-yl)pyrimidin-5-yl} hept-6-enoic acid carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 5 (the 3R,5S-diastereomer). It has a role as an antilipemic drug, an anti-inflammatory agent, a CETP inhibitor, a cardioprotective agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a statin (synthetic) and a member of monofluorobenzenes. It derives from a hept-6-enoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a rosuvastatin(1-). it is a statin with antilipidemic and potential antineoplastic activities. it selectively and competitively binds to and inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a precursor of cholesterol. This leads to a decrease in hepatic cholesterol levels and increase in uptake of LDL cholesterol. In addition, rosuvastatin, like other statins, exhibits pro-apoptotic, growth inhibitory, and pro-differentiation activities in a variety of tumor cell types; these antineoplastic activities may be due, in part, to inhibition of the isoprenylation of Ras and Rho GTPases and related signaling cascades. 
it is the potassium salt form of pemirolast, a pyrimidinone derivative with antiallergic property. it exerts its action by blocking the antigen-mediated calcium ion influx into mast cells. This prevents mast cell degranulation, resulting in mast cell stabilization and inhibition of the release of inflammatory mediators, histamine and leukotrienes, which are involved in the allergic process. it also prevents inflammatory mediator release from eosinophils. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound and guaianolide sesquiterpene lactone that is acrylic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a 4-hydroxy-3,8-bis(methylene)decahydoazulen-5-yl group and in which the hydroxy group and the carboxy group have undergone formal condensation to afford the corresponding gamma-lactone. It has a role as a metabolite, a trypanocidal drug, an antineoplastic agent, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an antimycobacterial drug and an apoptosis inducer. It is a sesquiterpene lactone, a guaiane sesquiterpenoid, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a gamma-lactone. 
it is a guanidine compound bearing an N-(2-carboxyethyl) substituent. It is a creatine analogue that has been found to decreases plasma glucose levels It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it, [solid] appears as red or orange-red odorless, dense crystalline powder or scales, yellow when finely powdered. Used as a chemical intermediate for mercury salts, organic mercury compounds, and chlorine monoxide; antiseptic in pharmaceuticals; component of dry cell batteries; pigment and glass modifier; fungicide; preservative in cosmetics; analytical reagent; formerly used in antifouling paints. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a member of the class of adenosines obtained by replacement of the 5'-hydroxy group of adenosine by a methylsulfinyl group. It has a role as a Camellia sinensis metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of adenosines and a sulfoxide. 
it is a phosphate salt that is the diphosphate salt of histamine. It has a role as a histamine agonist. It contains a histamine. 
it is a glycosyloxyflavone that is kaempferol attached to an alpha-L-rhamnosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antibacterial agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a glycosyloxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a kaempferol. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a semi-synthetic second-generation cephamycin antibiotic with [(1-methyl-1H-tetrazol-5-yl)sulfanyl]methyl, methoxy and {[4-(2-amino-1-carboxy-2-oxoethylidene)-1,3-dithietan-2-yl]carbonyl}amino groups at the 3, 7alpha, and 7beta positions, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. It is resistant to a wide range of beta-lactamases and is active against a broad spectrum of aerobic and anaerobic Gram-positive and Gram-negative microorganisms. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived from cephalosporium. The bactericidal activity of it disodium is caused by an inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis via inhibition of cross-linking of peptidoglycans. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. it disodium is more active against gram-negative organisms and less active against gram-positive organisms compared to first-generation cephalosporins. 
it is a member of isobacteriochlorins. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
it is a cyanine conjugate in which digitoxigenin is connected to Cy5 via a 6-[(2-acetamidoethyl)amino]-6-oxohexyl linker. It has a role as an epitope. It is a cyanine conjugate and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a digoxigenin and a Cy5 dye. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03320941 (A Dose-finding Study to Evaluate the Change in Weight After Treatment With it in Japanese Patients With Obesity). 
Alpha-D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate is a D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate with an alpha-configuration at the anomeric position. It derives from an alpha-D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate(4-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamic acids. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a benzene and a carboxylic acid group forming 3-phenylprop-2-enoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an aromatic ether, a member of chlorobenzenes and a C-nitro compound. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a herbicide. 
it is a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin with direct and indirect antitumor effects. it binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity, in the similar behaviors as other octapeptide somatostatin analogues. Like octreotide, this agent has direct and indirect antitumor effects via inhibiting the release of growth hormone and other peptides that regulate release of insulin, gastrointestinal hormones. Furthermore, it may also be useful for inducing hemostasis in cases of acute hemorrhage of the upper gastrointestinal tract. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. May be mildly toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make plastics. 
it is a branched alkane that is pentane carrying one methyl group at positions 2, and two methyl groups at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite, a bacterial metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a naphthoic acid with the carboxy group at position 2 and carrying a hydroxy substituent at the 1-position. It is a xenobiotic metabolite produced by the biodegradation of phenanthrene by microorganisms. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. It is a naphthoic acid, a member of naphthols and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 2-naphthoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-hydroxy-2-naphthoate. 
it is a carbohydrazide resulting from the formal condensation of the hydrazone moiety of 3,4-dihydroxybenzaldehyde hydrazone with the carboxy group of 3-hydroxy-2-naphthoic acid. It is a cell-permeable, reversible noncompetitive inhibitor of the GTPase activity of dynamin 1 and 2 and Drp1 (mitochondrial), while exhibiting no significant effect against two other small GTPases, MxA and Cdc42. It has a role as an EC 3.6.5.5 (dynamin GTPase) inhibitor. It is a member of catechols, a member of naphthols, a hydrazide and a hydrazone. It derives from a 3-Hydroxy-2-naphthoate. 
it is a 5-deoxyribose phosphate consisting of 5-deoxy-alpha-D-ribose having the phospho group located at the 1-position. It derives from an alpha-D-ribose 1-phosphate and a 5-deoxy-alpha-D-ribofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a N-methyl-2-sulfanylacetamide. 
Alginic acid, also referred to as algin or alginate, is a hydrophilic or anionic polysaccharide isolated from certain brown seaweed (Phacophycae) via alkaline extraction. It is present in cell walls of brown algae where it forms a viscous gel when binding with water. Alginic acid is a linear polymer consisted of L-glucuronic acid and D-mannuronic acid residues connected via 1,4-glycosidic linkages. Available in different types of salt, alginic acid has been used in a variety of uses in food, cosmetics and pharmaceu-tical products for over 100 years. Alginic acid is an FDA-approved food ingredient in soup and soup mixes as an emulsifier, thickener, and stabilizer. It is also available in oral dietary supplements and is found in antacids such as Gaviscon to inhibit gastroesophageal reflux by creating a physical barrier in presence of gastric acid. Alginate-based raft-forming formulations in the management of heartburn and gastric acid reflux have been used worldwide for over 30 years. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid consisting of 6-phenylhexanoic acid having the two oxo groups at the 2- and 6-positions. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6-dioxo-6-phenylhexanoate. 
it is a 1,2,4-oxadizole in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 have been replaced by phenyl and thiophen-2-yl groups, respectively. It is used as a broad spectrum nematicidal seed treatment. It has a role as a nematicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of thiophenes and a 1,2,4-oxadiazole. 
it is the D-threo-form of isocitrate(3-). It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-threo-isocitric acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-threo-isocitrate(3-). 
it is a substituted aniline that is 3-aminophenol in which the hydrogens of the amino group are replaced by 4-methylphenyl and 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-ylmethyl groups respectively. An alpha-adrenergic antagonist, it is used for the treatment of hypertension. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist and a vasodilator agent. It is a member of imidazoles, a member of phenols, a tertiary amino compound and a substituted aniline. it is a synthetic imidazoline with alpha-adrenergic antagonist activity. As a competitive alpha-adrenergic antagonist, it binds to alpha-1 and alpha-2 receptors, resulting in a decrease in peripheral vascular resistance and vasodilatation. This agent also may block 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptors and stimulate release of histamine from mast cells. 
it is a gray to white solid with a weak fishy odor. Sinks in water. Freezing point is 77Â°F. (USCG, 1999) 
it is an alkane that has 21 carbons and a straight-chain structure. It has been isolated from plants like Periploca laevigata and Carthamus tinctorius. It has a role as a pheromone, a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it is a hydroxy steroid that consists of 5beta-cardanolide having a double bond at the 20(22)-position as well as hydroxy groups at the 3beta-, 12beta- and 14beta-positions. It has been isolated from the plant species of the genus Digitalis. It has a role as a hapten and a plant metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a 14beta-hydroxy steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cardanolide. 
it is a nitrile that is acrylonitrile in which the hydrogen located beta,trans to the cyano group is replaced by a tosyl group. It is an inhibitor of cytokine-induced IkappaB-alpha phosphorylation in cells. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 2.7.11.10 (IkappaB kinase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a sulfone and a nitrile. 
it is a steroid lactone, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid and a phytoecdysteroid. 
it is an antiviral drug from viral capsid inhibitor class, manufactured by Schering-Plough and intended for the prevention of acute asthma exacerbations and common cold symptoms in asthmatic patients who have had exposure to picornavirus. It acts by inhibiting viral replication. The use of it has not gained approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) due to the fact that it has been found to induce CYP3A enzyme activity, therefore increasing the risk for serious drug interactions. it is a small-molecule inhibitor with activity against viruses in the picornaviridae family, including enterovirus and rhinovirus. it binds to a hydrophobic pocket in the major capsid protein and prevents uncoating of the viral RNA genome. In enteroviruses it also prevents the virus from attaching itself to the host cell. 
Aloin A is a C-glycosyl compound that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy group is replaced by a 4,5-dihydroxy-2-(hydroxymethyl)-10-oxo-9,10-dihydroanthracen-9-yl moiety (the 9S diastereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite and a laxative. It is a C-glycosyl compound, a member of anthracenes, a cyclic ketone and a member of phenols. 
it is a clear, colorless syrupy liquid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. it is a 1,2-it compound produced via reaction of ethylene oxide with water. It has a role as a metabolite, a toxin, a solvent and a mouse metabolite. It is a it and an ethanediol. 
it, [corrosive solid] appears as a white lustrous flaked solid with a fruity or spicy odor. About the same density as water and slightly soluble in water. May burn if heated to high temperatures. May severely irritate skin, eyes, lungs or mucous membranes. it is a it having its double bond in trans-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a crotonic acid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt having metaborate as the counterion. It is an inorganic sodium salt and a member of borate salts. 
A class of opioid peptides including it A, it B, and smaller fragments of these peptides. it prefer kappa-opioid receptors (RECEPTORS, OPIOID, KAPPA) and have been shown to play a role as central nervous system transmitters. 
it, also known as it or alpha-methyl-benzenemethanethiol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) it has a floral, meaty, and sulfurous taste. 
it is a thiosugar that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 1 is replaced by a sulfanyl group It is a thiol, a monosaccharide derivative and a thiosugar. It derives from a beta-D-glucose. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Aflatoxin Q1 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as difurocoumarocyclopentenones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a cyclopenten-2-one ring fused to the coumarin moiety of the difurocoumarin skeleton. Aflatoxin Q1 exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, aflatoxin Q1 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a 2,4-diaminobutyric acid that has S-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-2,4-diazaniumylbutyrate. It is a conjugate acid of a L-2,4-diaminobutyrate. It is an enantiomer of a D-2,4-diaminobutyric acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as an antifibrinolytic drug and a hematologic agent. It derives from a cyclohexanecarboxylic acid. it is a synthetic derivative of the amino acid lysine with antifibrinolytic activity. With strong affinity for the five lysine-binding sites of plasminogen, it competitively inhibits the activation of plasminogen to plasmin, resulting in inhibition of fibrinolysis; at higher concentrations, this agent noncompetitively inhibits plasmin. This agent has a longer half-life, is approximately ten times more potent, and is less toxic than aminocaproic acid, which possesses similar mechanisms of action. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ethyl N-ethylanthranilate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a fruity, neroli, and petitgrain taste. 
it is a trimethoprim analogue and selective inhibitor of microbial dihydrofolate reductase, with antibacterial activity. it inhibits the bacterial enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, selectively blocking the conversion of dihydrofolic acid to tetrahydrofolic acid. By depleting folate molecules, it inhibits bacterial nucleic acid synthesis. 
it is a derivative of uridine, bearing an additional carboxymethylaminomethyl substituent at position 5 on the uracil ring. It is a glycine derivative and a member of uridines. 
A stable synthetic analog of methionine enkephalin (ENKEPHALIN, METHIONINE). Actions are similar to those of methionine enkephalin. Its effects can be reversed by narcotic antagonists such as naloxone. 
5-Chloro-2-(3, 5-di-tert-butyl-2-hydroxyphenyl)-2H-benzotriazole, also known as 2, 4-di-tert-butyl-6-(5-chloro-2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)phenol or 2-(5-chloro-2H-benzotriazol-2-yl)-4, 6-bis(1, 1-dimethylethyl)phenol, 9CI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenyl-1, 2, 3-triazoles. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2, 3-triazole substituted by a phenyl group. 5-Chloro-2-(3, 5-di-tert-butyl-2-hydroxyphenyl)-2H-benzotriazole exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 5-chloro-2-(3, 5-di-tert-butyl-2-hydroxyphenyl)-2H-benzotriazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a monohydroxypyridine that is pyridine in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has been detected as a thermal degradation product from the smoke of the burning leaves of Salvia divinorum, a Mexican psychoactive plant. 
Fluvastatin is a commonly used cholesterol lowering agent (statin) that is associated with mild, asymptomatic and self-limited serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and rarely with clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is the sodium salt of a synthetic lipid-lowering agent with potential antineoplastic activity. Fluvastatin competitively inhibits hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses through the suppression of MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. Through the inhibition of mevalonate synthesis, statins, like fluvastatin, have been shown to inhibit the production of dolichol, geranylpyrophosphate (GPP) and farnesylpyrophosphate (FPP) and the isoprenylation of the intracellular G-proteins Ras and Rho, which may result in antiangiogenic, apoptotic, and antimetastatic effects in susceptible tumor cell populations. 
it is an angucycline antibiotic that is 3,4-dihydrotetraphene-1,7,12(2H)-trione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 8 and a methyl group at position 3 (the 3R stereoisomer) ring system. It is an antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces sp. It is a member of phenols, a tertiary alcohol, a cyclic ketone and an angucycline antibiotic. 
Benzene-1, 2, 3, 4, 5-pentol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 5-unsubstituted pyrrogallols. These are pyrrogallols that are unsubstituted at th5-position of the benzene ring. Benzene-1, 2, 3, 4, 5-pentol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an orally active 2-phenylaminopyrimidine derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. INNO-406 specifically binds to and inhibits the Bcr/Abl fusion protein tyrosine kinase, an abnormal enzyme produced by Philadelphia chromosomal translocation associated with chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). Furthermore, this agent also inhibits the Src-family member Lyn tyrosine kinase, upregulated in imatinib-resistant CML cells and in a variety of solid cancer cell types. The inhibitory effect of INNO-406 on these specific tyrosine kinases decreases cellular proliferation and induces apoptosis. A high percentage of CML patients are refractory to imatinib, which sometimes results from point mutations occurring in the kinase domain of the Bcr/Abl fusion product. Due to its dual inhibitory activity, INNO-406 has been shown to overcome this particular drug resistance and to be a potent and effective agent in the treatment of imatinib-resistant CML. 
it is the iodide salt of ecothiopate. An irreversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, it is used an ocular antihypertensive in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma, particularly when other drugs have proved inadequate. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a miotic. It is an iodide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains an ecothiopate. it is the iodide salt form of echothiophate, a long-acting cholinesterase inhibitor with parasympathomimetic activity. it potentiates the action of endogenous acetylcholine by inhibiting acetylcholinesterase that hydrolyzes acetylcholine. When applied topically to the eye, this agent prolongs stimulation of the parasympathetic receptors at the neuromuscular junctions of the longitudinal muscle of the ciliary body. Contraction of longitudinal muscle pulls on the scleral spur, and opens the trabecular meshwork, thereby increases aqueous humor outflow from the eye and reduces intraocular pressure. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as mung bean, wax apple, lambsquarters, and sweet rowanberry. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a semisynthetic vinca alkaloid. it binds to tubulin and prevents formation of the mitotic spindle, resulting in the arrest of tumor cell growth in metaphase. This agent may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP. and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. 
it is a hydrate that is the trihydrate form of aitatin calcium. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a hydrate and a statin (synthetic). It contains an aitatin calcium. Aitatin Calcium is the calcium salt of aitatin, a synthetic lipid-lowering agent. Aitatin competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent increases the number of LDL receptors on hepatic cell surfaces, enhancing the uptake and catabolism of LDL and reducing LDL production and the number of LDL particles, and lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels. Like other statins, aitatin may also display direct antineoplastic activity, possibly by inhibiting farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of proteins such as small GTP-binding proteins, which may result in the arrest of cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. This agent may also sensitize tumor cells to cyctostatic drugs, possibly through the mTOR-dependent inhibition of Akt phosphorylation. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the partial estrogen antagonist nafoxidine. Nafoxidine competes with endogenous estrogen for binding to specific estrogen receptors. This agent also inhibits angiogenesis in some tissues by blocking the effects of fibroblast growth factor (FGF) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF); paradoxically, it may enhance angiogenesis in uterine tissue. Nafoxidine also induces oxidative stress, protein kinase C and calcium signaling. (NCI04) 
Folic acid, also known as folate or vitamin m, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glutamic acid and derivatives. Glutamic acid and derivatives are compounds containing glutamic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of glutamic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. Folic acid is a drug which is used for treatment of folic acid deficiency, megaloblastic anemia and in anemias of nutritional supplements, pregnancy, infancy, or childhood. Folic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Folic acid has been found in human brain, kidney and liver tissues, and has also been primarily detected in feces, urine, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. Folic acid exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Folic acid participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Folic acid can be biosynthesized from dihydrofolic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. In addition, Folic acid can be converted into folic acid; which is mediated by the enzyme proton-coupled folate transporter. In humans, folic acid is involved in pterine biosynthesis pathway, the folate malabsorption, hereditary pathway, the folate metabolism pathway, and the methotrexate action pathway. Folic acid is also involved in the metabolic disorder called methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency (MTHFRD). Folic acid is a potentially toxic compound. Folic acid has been found to be associated with several diseases known as alzheimer's disease, hereditary folate malabsorption, dimethylglycine dehydrogenase deficiency, and rheumatoid arthritis; folic acid has also been linked to the inborn metabolic disorders including folate deficiency. 
Di-(3,5,5-trimethyl-1,2-dioxolanyl-3)peroxide appears as white wet solid. May float or sink in water. This solid peroxide is particularly sensitive to temperature rises and contamination. Above a given \ 
it is a cyclic amine and alpha-methyl derivative of amantadine with antiviral activity. Although the exact mechanism of action of it is not understood, this agent appears to exert its antiviral effect against influenza A virus by interfering with the function of the transmembrane domain of the viral M2 protein, thereby preventing the uncoating of the virus and subsequent release of infectious viral nucleic acids into the cytoplasm of infected cells. 
it is a second-generation cisplatin analogue with antineoplastic activity. Containing a novel ring structure in which glycolate is bound to the platinum by a bidentate ligand, it forms reactive platinum complexes that bind to nucelophillic groups in DNA, resulting in intrastrand and interstrand DNA cross-links, apoptosis and cell death. This agent appears to be less nephrotoxic and neurotoxic compared to both cisplatin and carboplatin. 
it is a bromophenol that is phenol in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 4 have been replaced by bromines. It has a role as a marine metabolite and a flame retardant. It is a bromophenol and a dibromobenzene. 
it is an odorless white to cream-colored crystalline solid. Bitter taste followed by tingling sensation. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of psoralens that is 7H-furo[3,2-g]chromen-7-one in which the 9 position is substituted by a methoxy group. It is a constituent of the fruits of Ammi majus. Like other psoralens, trioxsalen causes photosensitization of the skin. It is administered topically or orally in conjunction with UV-A for phototherapy treatment of vitiligo and severe psoriasis. It has a role as a dermatologic drug, an antineoplastic agent, a photosensitizing agent, a cross-linking reagent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of psoralens and an aromatic ether. It derives from a psoralen. it is a naturally occurring substance isolated from the seeds of the plant Ammi majus with photoactivating properties. As a member of the family of compounds known as psoralens or furocoumarins, it's exact mechanism of action is unknown; upon photoactivation, it has been observed to bind covalently to and crosslink DNA. (NCI04) 
it is a pyrimidine 2',3'-dideoxyribonucleoside compound having cytosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as an antiviral drug, an antimetabolite and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. it is a synthetic dideoxynucleoside. After intracellular phosphorylation to its active metabolite, it preferentially inhibits the gamma form of DNA polymerase present in tumor cell mitochondria, resulting in the inhibition of tumor cell mitochondrial DNA replication and tumor cell death. (NCI04) 
it is a very long-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of tricosanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a very long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a fatty acid anion 23:0. It is a conjugate base of a tricosanoic acid. 
it is a carbotricyclic compound that is tetradecahydrophenanthrenewhich is substituted by an ethyl group at position 7 and by methyl groups at positions 1, 1, 4a, and 7 (the 4aR,4bS,7S,8aS,10aS isomer). It is a diterpene, a terpenoid fundamental parent and a carbotricyclic compound. 
A chromogenic substrate that permits direct measurement of peptide hydrolase activity, e.g., papain and trypsin, by colorimetry. The substrate liberates p-nitroaniline as a chromogenic product. 
it is a triamine that is the 1,5,10-triaza derivative of decane. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a triamine and a polyazaalkane. It is a conjugate base of a it(3+). it is a polyamine derived from putrescine that is involved in many biological processes, including the regulation of membrane potential, the inhibition of nitric oxide synthase (NOS) and the induction of autophagy. 
it is a radiopharmaceutical containing the beta- and gamma-emitting radioisotope I-131. After absorption, the iodide is distributed through the extracellular fluid of the body and accumulates in the thyroid gland, thereby allowing the imaging of the thyroid. 
it is (1-hydroxycyclopentyl)acetic acid in which one of the hydrogens alpha to the carboxylic acid group is substituted by a phenyl group. It is a tertiary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as 3-mercaptolactate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharides. Monosaccharides are compounds containing one carbohydrate unit not glycosidically linked to another such unit, and no set of two or more glycosidically linked carbohydrate units. Monosaccharides have the general formula CnH2nOn. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-mercaptolactic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it can be converted into 3-mercaptopyruvic acid through the action of the enzyme L-lactate dehydrogenase. In humans, 3-mercaptolactic acid is involved in the cysteine metabolism pathway and the cystinosis, ocular nonnephropathic pathway. it is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the it-cysteine disulfiduria pathway. 
it is a methyluridine having a single methyl substituent at the 5-position on the uracil ring. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and an antigen. 
it, also known as brontina or dibenzheptropine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzocycloheptenes. Dibenzocycloheptenes are compounds containing a dibenzocycloheptene moiety, which consists of two benzene rings connected by a cycloheptene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. In humans, deptropine is involved in the deptropine H1-antihistamine action pathway. 
it is a 11beta-hydroxy steroid that is progesterone substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 11. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a progesterone. 
it, also known as it or it, is a non-psychoactive cannabinoid found within [DB14009]. It is one of over 100 cannabinoids identified from the Cannabis plant that can modulate the physiological activity of cannabis, or marijuana. Compared to its homolog, [DB09061], it is shortened by two methyl (CH2) groups on its side chain. Notably, both [DB09061] and it have demonstrated anticonvulsant activity in animal and human models and are demonstrating promising clinical trial results. Other cannabinoids with some evidence of anti-epileptic activity include [DB11755] (THCV) and Î”9-tetrahydrocannabinolic acid.  While the primary components of cannabis, CBD and THC, have been shown to modulate many of their physiological effects through their binding to the cannabinoid-1 (CB1R) and cannabinoid-2 (CB2R) receptors, the investigational cannabinoids with anticonvulsant action mostly use mechanisms that do not involve these two endocannabinoid receptors.  The anti-epileptic activity of CBD and it is thought to be modulated by their effects on transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1  (TRPV1), also known as the capsaicin receptor, which is a member of a large family of ion channels that are involved in the onset and progression of several types of epilepsy. CBD and it have been shown to dose-dependently activate and then desensitize TRPV1 as well as TRPV2 and TRPA1 channels. Desensitization of these ion channels is a potential mechanism by which these molecules cause a reduction of neuronal hyperexcitability that contributes to epileptic activity and seizures.   it has also been shown to inhibit the activity of diacylglycerol (DAG) lipase-Î±, the primary enzyme responsible for the synthesis of the endocannabinoid, 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG). The clinical implications of this are unclear however, as this interaction has not been shown to affect it's anticonvulsant activity.  it is being actively developed by GW Pharmaceuticals as the experimental compound GWP42006 as it has \ 
Mobile clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 124Â°F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Vapors are heavier than air. A skin irritant. it is the simplest member of the class of its, that is benzene in which a single hydrogen has been substituted by a bromine. A liquid at room temperature (m.p. -30â„ƒ; b.p.760 156â„ƒ), it is used as a solvent, particularly for large-scale crystallisations, and for the introduction of phenyl groups in organic synthesis. It has a role as a non-polar solvent, a hepatotoxic agent and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of its, a bromoarene and a volatile organic compound. 
it (sucroferric oxyhydroxide or iron saccharate) is used as a source of iron in patients with iron deficiency anemia with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including those who are undergoing dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal) and those who do not require dialysis. Due to less side effects than iron dextran, it is more preferred in chronic kidney disease patients. 
it is a benzothiadiazine that is 3,4-dihydro-2H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazine 1,1-dioxide substituted by a chloro group at position 6 and a sulfonamide at 7. It is diuretic used for the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. It is a benzothiadiazine, a sulfonamide and an organochlorine compound. it is a short acting thiazide diuretic. it (it) is widely used to treat hypertension and edema. This agent's metabolite appears to preferentially bind to and accumulate in red blood cells. This agent is primarily excreted by the kidneys. 
it, also known as stearoyllactate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 5, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3, 5, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 3, 5, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Barogenin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydroxy bile acids, alcohols and derivatives. Dihydroxy bile acids, alcohols and derivatives are compounds containing or derived from a bile acid or alcohol, and which bears exactly two carboxylic acid groups. Barogenin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Barogenin has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, barogenin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, barogenin can be found in alcoholic beverages and potato. This makes barogenin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Hexaamminecobalt(3+) is a cobalt coordination entity consisting of six amino groups bound to a central cobalt atom. It is a cobalt coordination entity and a trivalent inorganic cation. 
(1R,4S)-fenchone is a fenchone that has (1R,4S)-stereochemistry. It is a constituent of the essential oils obtained from fennel. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (1S,4R)-fenchone. 
it is an acetylspermidine that is 1,8-diamino-4-azaoctane in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group attached to C-8 is replaced by an acetyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N(8)-acetylspermidinium(2+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthrols. Phenanthrols are compounds containing a phenanthrene (or its hydrogenated derivative) to which a hydroxyl group is attached. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid that is 3,3'-[[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-diylbis(diazene-2,1-diyl)]di(naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid) in which the two hydrogens at the 4-positions on the naphthalene rings are placed by amino and hydroxy groups. The disodium salt is the histological dye 'Congo corinth'. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols and a ring assembly. It is a conjugate acid of a Congo corinth(2-). 
Polybrominated biphenyl appears as a white chalky solid. Softens at 162Â°F. (NTP, 1992) it is a polybromobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 2', 4, 4', 5, and 5' have been replace by bromines. It has a role as a flame retardant. 
it is the D-enantiomer of isoleucine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an isoleucine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a D-isoleucinium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-isoleucinate. It is an enantiomer of a L-isoleucine. 
it, [dry] appears as yellow crystals. An explosive. Specific gravity 1.767. Melting point 251.2Â°F (121.8Â°C). Explodes at 572Â°F. Toxic by ingestion. it is a C-nitro compound comprising phenol having three nitro substtituents at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions. It has a role as an explosive, an antiseptic drug and a fixative. It derives from a 1,3,5-trinitrobenzene and a phenol. It is a conjugate acid of a picrate anion. 
Serine is an alpha-amino acid that is alanine substituted at position 3 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid and a polar amino acid. It contains a hydroxymethyl group. It is a conjugate base of a serinium. It is a conjugate acid of a serinate. It is a tautomer of a serine zwitterion. 
it is a C21-steroid that is pregn-4-ene substituted by oxo groups at position 3 and 20 and hydroxy groups at positions 16 and 17. It has a role as a progestin. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17-hydroxy steroid, a C21-steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of isobutyric acid with the 1-hydroxy group of 2,4,4-trimethylpentane-1,3-diol. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a carboxylic ester, a volatile organic compound and a secondary alcohol. It derives from an isobutyric acid. 
it is a C9 straight-chain saturated fatty acid which occurs naturally as esters of the oil of pelargonium. Has antifungal properties, and is also used as a herbicide as well as in the preparation of plasticisers and lacquers. It has a role as an antifeedant, a plant metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a nonanoate. It derives from a hydride of a nonane. it is a naturally-occurring saturated fatty acid with nine carbon atoms. The ammonium salt form of it is used as an herbicide. It works by stripping the waxy cuticle of the plant, causing cell disruption, cell leakage, and death by desiccation. 
it is the parent compound of the it class consisting of xanthene bearing a single oxo substituent at position 9. It has a role as an insecticide. 
it is a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Crystals. Commercially available as oil concentrate and as dust concentrate. Used as an anticoagulant rodenticide. Chronic acting, multiple dose rodenticide. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is testosterone bearing an additional hydroxy substituent at the 6beta-position. It has a role as an androgen, a Daphnia magna metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an androstanoid, a 6beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It derives from a testosterone. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 1-O-galloylpedunculagin can be found in fruits. This makes 1-O-galloylpedunculagin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is O,O-diethyl hydrogen phosphorodithioate in which the hydrogen attached to a sulfur is replaced by a 2-[(ethoxycarbonyl)(methyl)amino]-2-oxoethyl group. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and a carbamate ester. 
it, also known as spirotrypan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzothiazoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene fused to a thiazole ring (a five-membered ring with four carbon atoms, one nitrogen atom and one sulfur atom). it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a itane alkaloid that is a highly potent opiate analgesic psychoactive drug. it acts directly on the central nervous system (CNS) to relieve pain but has a high potential for addiction, with tolerance and both physical and psychological dependence developing rapidly. it is the most abundant opiate found in Papaver somniferum (the opium poppy). It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, a plant metabolite, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a vasodilator agent, an anaesthetic and a drug allergen. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and a itane alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a itan. it is an opiate alkaloid isolated from the plant Papaver somniferum and produced synthetically. it binds to and activates specific opiate receptors (delta, mu and kappa), each of which are involved in controlling different brain functions. In the central nervous and gastrointestinal systems, this agent exhibits widespread effects including analgesia, anxiolysis, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, and gastrointestinal system smooth muscle contraction. (NCI04) 
it is a prenol phosphate consisting of a single prenol unit attached to monophosphate It derives from a prenol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retro-dihydrochalcones. These are a form of normal dihydrochalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid obtained by catabolism of gibberellin A8. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid, an enone, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a gibberellin A8. It derives from a hydride of an ent-gibberellane. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that consists of acetic acid in which the two methyl hydrogens are replaced by carbamoylamino groups respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an allantoate. 
it is a C-glycosyl comprising beta-D-glucose in which the anomeric hydroxy group is replaced by a 4-chloro-3-(4-ethoxybenzyl)phenyl group. Used (in the formo f its propanediol monohydrate) to improve glycemic control, along with diet and exercise, in adults with type 2 diabetes. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2 inhibitor. It is a C-glycosyl compound, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ether. it is a selective sodium-glucose co-transporter subtype 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor with antihyperglycemic activity. it selectively and potently inhibits SGLT2 compared to SGLT1, which is the cotransporter of glucose in the gut. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-threonine, L-alanine, and L-proline joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-threonine and a L-proline. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01092325 (Safety and Hemodynamic Effects and Pharmacokinetics of it in Patients With Stable Heart Failure). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid substituted by a (pyridin-3-yl) group. It is a metabolite of nicotine and other tobacco alkaloids. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of pyridines and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a camphorsulfonate salt obtained by reaction of rucaparib with one molar equivalent of (1S,4R)-camphorsulfonic acid. It is an inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase and is used as monotherapy for advanced ovarian cancer and deleterious germline or somatic BRCA mutation. It has a role as an EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a camphorsulfonate salt and an azepinoindole. It contains a (S)-camphorsulfonate and a rucaparib(1+). it is the camsylate salt form of rucaparib, an orally bioavailable tricyclic indole and inhibitor of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerases (PARPs) 1 (PARP1), 2 (PARP2) and 3 (PARP3), with potential chemo/radiosensitizing and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, rucaparib selectively binds to PARP1, 2 and 3 and inhibits PARP-mediated DNA repair. This enhances the accumulation of DNA strand breaks, promotes genomic instability and induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. This may enhance the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents and reverse tumor cell resistance to chemotherapy and radiation therapy. PARPs are enzymes activated by single-strand DNA breaks that catalyze the post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins, which induces signaling and the recruitment of other proteins to repair damaged DNA. The PARP-mediated repair pathway plays a key role in DNA repair and is dysregulated in a variety of cancer cell types. 
it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of angelic acid with the hydroxy group of 2-[(8S)-2-oxo-8,9-dihydro-2H-furo[2,3-h][1]benzopyran-8-yl]propan-2-ol. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an apoptosis inducer, a hepatoprotective agent, an antineoplastic agent, a rat metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a furanocoumarin and an alpha,beta-unsaturated carboxylic ester. It derives from an angelic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzothiazoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene fused to a thiazole ring (a five-membered ring with four carbon atoms, one nitrogen atom and one sulfur atom). it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the acetate ester of the primary hydroxy group of neuraminic acid. It is an acetate ester and a member of neuraminic acids. It derives from a keto-neuraminic acid and a 5-amino-3,5-dideoxy-D-glycero-D-galacto-non-2-ulopyranosonic acid. 
it is a branched-chain fatty acid and metabolite of the lactone prodrug simvastatin, whose sodium salt is potentially useful for the treatment of thalassaemias and haemoglobinopathies. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid and an aminonaphthalene. It has a role as a mutagen. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
it appears as colorless crystals or off-white crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a chloropyridine that is 2-chloropyridine which is substituted by a trichloromethyl group at position 6. It is a nitrification inhibitor that is co-applied with nitrogen fertilizer in agroecosystems. It has a role as a nitrification inhibitor, an antibacterial agent and an agrochemical. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid obtained by the formal condensation of 2,2-dimethylsuccinic acid with the 3-hydroxy group of betulinic acid. It is isolated from the Chinese herb Syzygium claviflorum. The first in the class of HIV-1 maturation inhibitors to be studied in humans, it was identified as a potent HIV drug candidate and several clinical trials were conducted, but development into a new drug was plagued by numerous resistance-related problems. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 maturation inhibitor. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a betulinic acid. it is a drug derived from a betulinic acid-like compound, first isolated from the Chinese herb Syzygium claviflorum, with activity against human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). it acts by binding to the Gag capsid precursor protein and blocking its conversion to mature capsid protein by protease cleavage. It potently inhibits replication in both wild-type and drug-resistant (reverse transciptase or protease) HIV-1 isolates. 
it is the 5alpha-stereoisomer of androstane-3,17-dione. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid and an androstane-3,17-dione. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzamides. These are organic compounds containing a carboxamido substituent attached to a benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is dicarboxylate anion of D-glucaric acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it is a phosphonic acid consisting of 1-cyclopentyluracil having a phosphomethoxy group at position 2 on the cyclopentyl ring with (1R,2R)-trans-stereochemistry. It derives from a uracil and a phosphonic acid. 
it is a triazine derivative and diuretic agent. it appears to prevent the absorption of sodium and chloride in the distal convoluted tubule. 
2, 4-Dimethyldodecane, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 4-Dimethyldodecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethyldodecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 4-dimethyldodecane can be found in green vegetables and tea. This makes 2, 4-dimethyldodecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, solution appears as an clear aqueous solution. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Noncombustible. Used in chemical manufacturing, petroleum refining, cleaning compounds. 
it is phosphoric acid in which one of the hydroxy groups is replaced by a carboxylic acid group. It is used as the trisodium salt as an antiviral agent in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV retinitis, an inflamation of the retina that can lead to blindness) and as an alternative to ganciclovir for AIDS patients who require concurrent antiretroviral therapy but are unable to tolerate ganciclovir due to haematological toxicity. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a sodium-dependent Pi-transporter inhibitor and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It is a one-carbon compound, a member of phosphonic acids and a carboxylic acid. It derives from a phosphonic acid and a formic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonatoformate and a it(2-). it is a synthetic organic analog of inorganic pyrophosphate with activity against several types of viruses, but primarily used for the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis. it selectively blocks the pyrophosphate binding site of virus-specific DNA polymerases at concentrations that do not affect cellular DNA polymerases. Because this agent crosses the blood brain barrier, it may be used in the treatment of viral infections of the central nervous system. 
it is a hydroxamic acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-[5-(4-chlorophenyl)-1-(4-methoxyphenyl)pyrazol-3-yl]propanoic acid with the amino group of N-methylhydroxylamine. It is used in veterinary medicine for the control of pain and inflammation caused by musculoskeletal disorders such as hip dysplasia and arthritis in dogs. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inhibitor, a lipoxygenase inhibitor and an immunomodulator. It is a member of pyrazoles, an aromatic ether, a hydroxamic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as spirosolanes and derivatives. These are steroidal alkaloids with a structure containing a spirosolane skeleton. Siporosolane is a polycyclic compound that is characterized by a 1-oxa-6-azaspiro[4. 5]decane moiety where the oxolane ring is fused to a docosahydronaphth[2, 1:4', 5']indene ring system. Spirosolane arises from the conversion of a cholestane side-chain into a bicyclic system containing a piperidine and a tetrahydrofuran ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in garden tomato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid that is adipic acid substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an adipic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
A quaternary ammonium anticholinergic agent with peripheral side effects similar to those of ATROPINE. It is used as an adjunct in the treatment of gastric and duodenal ulcer, and to relieve visceral spasms. The drug has also been used in the form of eye drops for mydriatic effect. 
Methyl 2-hydroxypropionate is a lactate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-hydroxypropanoic acid with methanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a lactate ester and a methyl ester. 
it appears as colorless to white crystals or off-white powder. Faint acrid odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is the methyl ester of [1-(butylcarbamoyl)-1H-benzimidazol-2-yl]carbamic acid. A foliar fungicide used to control a wide range of Ascomycetes and Fungi Imperfecti in a wide range of crops. It has a role as an anthelminthic drug, a tubulin modulator, a microtubule-destabilising agent, an acaricide and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a carbamate ester, an aromatic amide, a benzimidazole fungicide and a benzimidazolylcarbamate fungicide. 
it is a labdane diterpenoid in which the labdane skeleton has double bonds at positions 8(17) and 14 and carries an S-hydroxy group at position 13. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a metabolite. It is a labdane diterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups of alpha-L-Rhap-(1->3)-alpha-D-GlcpNAc-1-diphospho-trans,octacis-decaprenol; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an alpha-L-Rhap-(1->3)-alpha-D-GlcpNAc-1-diphospho-trans,octacis-decaprenol. 
N-(2-aminoethyl)-1-aziridine-ethanamine is a primary amino compound that is ethane-1,2-diamine in which the hydrogen on one of the amino groups is replaced by a 2-(aziridin-1-yl)ethyl group. It is a angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) inhibitor and a potential therapeutic agent for treating SARS coronavirus infections. It has a role as an EC 3.4.17.23 (angiotensin-converting enzyme 2) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of aziridines, a secondary amino compound and a primary amino compound. It derives from a diethylenetriamine. 
it is a synthetic analog of bradykinin. it is a potent, specific bradykinin B-2 receptor agonist that stimulates B-2 receptors expressed on the surface of brain capillary endothelial cells, thereby reversibly increasing the permeability of the blood-brain barrier (BBB). Compared to bradykinin, this agent possesses enhanced receptor selectivity, greater plasma stability, and a longer half-life. (NCI04) 
it is a fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of octanoic acid with ammonia. It is a primary carboxamide and a primary fatty amide. It derives from an octanoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an inhibitor of 11Î²-hydroxylase (also referred to as CYP11B1), the enzyme that catalyzes the final step in the biosynthesis of endogenous cortisol. It is used to lower circulating cortisol levels in the treatment of Cushing's disease, a disorder in which cortisol levels are chronically and supraphysiologically elevated. Cushing's disease is often the result of ACTH hypersecretion secondary to a pituitary tumor, and surgical resection of the tumour is generally the treatment of choice. As an orally bioavailable drug therapy, it provides a novel treatment option for patients in whom removal of the causative tumor is not an option or for whom previous pituitary surgery has not been curative.  it is manufactured by Novartis under the brand name Isturisa. It has undergone phase II clinical trials for the treatment of solid tumours, hypertension, and heart failure, but development for these indications was discontinued by Novartis in January 2013. it was approved for use in the EU in January 2020 for the treatment of endogenous Cushing's syndrome (i.e. Cushing's disease), and was granted FDA approval and Orphan Drug designation in the US in March 2020 for the same indication. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of both steroid 11beta-hydroxylase (cytochrome P450 (CYP) 11B1) and aldosterone synthase (CYP11B2; steroid 18-hydroxylase), with potential anti-adrenal activity and ability to treat Cushing disease (CD). Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits the activity of CYP11B1, the enzyme that catalyzes the final step of cortisol synthesis from the precursor 11-deoxycortisol, and CYP11B2, the enzyme that catalyzes aldosterone synthesis from corticosterone and 11-deoxycorticosterone in the adrenal gland. The inhibition of CYP11B1 prevents the production of excess cortisol, thereby decreasing and normalizing the levels of cortisol. CD is most often caused by an adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH)-secreting pituitary tumor. 
it is a D-galactose phosphate that consists of D-galactopyranose having a single phospho substituent located at the 1-position. It is an intermediate obtained during the the galactose metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. It derives from an aldehydo-D-galactose and a D-galactose. 
it is a quinoline-3-carboxamide with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits endothelial cell proliferation, migration, and basement membrane invasion; reduces the secretion of the angiogenic factor tumor necrosis factor alpha by tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs); and inhibits angiogenesis. This agent is also an immune modulator that appears to alter cytokine profiles and enhance the activity of T cells, natural killer cells, and macrophages. (NCI04) 
it is a N-acyl-D-phenylalanine, a N-acetyl-D-amino acid and a N-acetylphenylalanine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-D-phenylalaninate. It is an enantiomer of a N-acetyl-L-phenylalanine. 
it is a small molecule iodobenzamide with potential cytotoxic and antineoplastic activities. Although the mechanism of action is unknown, iniparib appears to be cytotoxic in cells with DNA alterations or DNA damage, like that found in tumor cells with mutations in the ataxia telangiectasia mutated (ATM) gene. ATM encodes a serine/threonine protein kinase and mutations of the gene are associated with ataxia telangiectasia and contribute to certain cancers such as T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia, B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia and B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphomas. 
it is a pyrrolecarboxylic acid that is pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid which is substituted at position 3 by a 1H-indol-3-yl group at at position 5 by a 5-hydroxy-1H-indol-3-yl group. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of hydroxyindoles and a pyrrolecarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a protoviolaceinate. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is 1,3,6-trihydroxy-2-methyl-9,10-anthraquinone attached to a (6'-O-acetyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyanthraquinone, an acetate ester, a monosaccharide derivative and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a 1,3,6-trihydroxy-2-methyl-9,10-anthraquinone. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a brandy, fruity, and green taste. 
it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It derives from a 2-tert-butylpyrimidin-5-ol. 
(-)-it is an Aspidosperma alkaloid that is (5alpha,12beta,19alpha)-2,3-didehydroaspidospermidine which is substituted by a methoxycarbonyl group at position 3 and by an acetoxy group at position 20. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an Aspidosperma alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an acetate ester, a methyl ester, a tertiary amino compound and an enamine. It is a conjugate base of a (-)-it(1+). 
it is a carboxylic ester that is pravastatin that is lacking the allylic hydroxy group. A hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase inhibitor (statin) isolated from Penicillium citrinum and from Penicillium brevicompactum, its clinical use as a lipid-regulating drug ceased following reports of toxicity in animals. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an EC 3.4.24.83 (anthrax lethal factor endopeptidase) inhibitor, an antifungal agent, a Penicillium metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is a carboxylic ester, a statin (naturally occurring), a member of hexahydronaphthalenes, a member of 2-pyranones and a polyketide. it is an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor that was initially isolated from the mold Pythium ultimum. it was the first statin to enter clinical trials. 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of quinapril and hydrogen chloride. A prodrug for quinaprilat hydrochloride (by hydrolysis of the ethyl ester to the corresponding carboxylic acid), it is used as an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) for the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor. It contains a quinapril(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of quinapril, a prodrug and non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Quinapril is hydrolized into its active form quinaprilat, which binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This abolishes the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and leads to vasodilatation. Quinapril also causes a decrease in angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, thereby promoting diuresis and natriuresis, and increases bradykinin levels. 
it is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent that is cyclopentadecane in which the carbon atoms at positions 1, 4, 7, 10 and 13 have been replaced by oxygen atoms to give a crown ether. It is a crown ether and a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent. 
it is a member of the class of oxindoles that is 5-chloro-oxindole in which the methylene hydrogens at position 3 have been replaced by an N-(2-carboxyethyl)rhodanin-5-ylidene group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of oxindoles, an organochlorine compound, a thiazolidinone and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 3-methyleneoxindole and a rhodanine. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Melting point 218Â°C. Used as an antineoplastic. it is a vinca alkaloid with formula C46H56N4O10 found in the Madagascar periwinkle, Catharanthus roseus. It is used (commonly as the corresponding sulfate salt)as a chemotherapy drug for the treatment of leukaemia, lymphoma, myeloma, breast cancer and head and neck cancer. It has a role as a tubulin modulator, a microtubule-destabilising agent, a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a drug. It is a methyl ester, an acetate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a member of formamides, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and a vinca alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a vincristine(2+). It derives from a hydride of a vincaleukoblastine. it is a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Vinca rosea Linn. it binds irreversibly to microtubules and spindle proteins in S phase of the cell cycle and interferes with the formation of the mitotic spindle, thereby arresting tumor cells in metaphase. This agent also depolymerizes microtubules and may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a UDP-sugar having D-galactose as the sugar component. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it, also known as me ester or methyl-4-oxovalerate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C4 carbon atom. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a caramellic taste. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of lipoic acid. Not found in nature, it may exert detrimental effects on biosystems. It is a lipoic acid, a heterocyclic fatty acid, a thia fatty acid and a member of dithiolanes. It derives from an octanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-lipoic acid. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester derived from hexanoic (caproic acid). It has a role as a plant metabolite and a flavouring agent. It is a fatty acid methyl ester and a hexanoate ester. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is urea where one of the amino groups has been replaced with hydrazine. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a one-carbon compound, a member of ureas and a carbohydrazide. 
it is a colorless, oily organic carcinogen with a slight odor. Bis(2-Ethylhexyl) Phthalate is mainly used as a plasticizer for fabricating flexible materials for many household products. Inhalation, digestion, and dermal contact are the primary routes of potential exposure, which was linked to increased incidence of hepatocellular carcinomas in animals. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
Cupric oxalate is an odorless bluish-white solid. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Used as a catalysts for organic reactions. 
A histamine H1 antagonist with low sedative action but frequent gastrointestinal irritation. It is used to treat ASTHMA; HAY FEVER; URTICARIA; and RHINITIS; and also in veterinary applications. Tripelennamine is administered by various routes, including topically. 
it is an imidazopyridine consisting of 4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-imidazo[4,5-c]pyridine having 4-(dimethylamino)-3-methylbenzyl, diphenylacetyl and carboxy and groups at positions 1, 5 and 6 respectively It has a role as a vasoconstrictor agent, an endothelin receptor antagonist and an angiotensin receptor antagonist. 
it is a biflavonoid that consists of two units of 5,7,4'-trihydroxyflavanone joined together at position 3 and 3''. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a biflavonoid and a hydroxyflavone. 
it is it having the L-configuration. It has a role as a coenzyme, a mouse metabolite and a vitamin C. It derives from a L-ascorbic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-it. 
it is a cardenolide glycoside that is digitoxigenin in which the hydroxy goup at position 3 has been converted to its (6-deoxy-3-O-methyl-alpha-L-glucopyranoside derivative. Found in the seeds of Cerbera odollamand in Thevetia ahouia and Thevitia neriifolia. It has a role as a cardiotonic drug, a toxin and a neuroprotective agent. It derives from a digitoxigenin. 
it appears as a colorless odorless noncombustible gas. Chemically inert. The vapors are lighter than air. Nontoxic, but can act as a simple asphyxiant. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. Principal use is to fill lamp bulbs and tubes. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that is (S)-naringenin substituted by prenyl groups at positions 6 and 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a trihydroxyflavanone, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the trianion of (R)-5-phosphopantothenic acid arising from deprotonation of the carboxy and phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3 It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a (R)-pantothenic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(2-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of LYMPHOMA, Breast Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Solid Neoplasm, and HER2/Neu Negative, among others. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the class I phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) alpha isoform (PIK3CA), with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits PIK3CA and its mutant forms in the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis and growth inhibition in PIK3CA-expressing tumor cells. By specifically targeting class I PI3K alpha, this agent may be more efficacious and less toxic than pan PI3K inhibitors. Dysregulation of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway is frequently found in solid tumors and causes increased tumor cell growth, survival, and resistance to both chemotherapy and radiotherapy. PIK3CA, which encodes the p110-alpha catalytic subunit of the class I PI3K, is mutated in a variety of cancer cell types and plays a key role in cancer cell growth and invasion. 
1-[2-(benzhydryloxy)ethyl]-4-(3-phenylpropyl)piperazine is an N-alkylpiperazine that consists of piperazine bearing 2-(benzhydryloxy)ethyl and 3-phenylpropyl groups at positions 1 and 4 respectively. Potent and selective inhibitor of dopamine uptake (KD = 5.5 nM in rat striatal membranes). It has a role as a dopamine uptake inhibitor. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, an ether and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a 1-[2-(benzhydryloxy)ethyl]-4-(3-phenylpropyl)piperazinediium(2+). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide obtained by formal condensation of the 6-amino group of 2,6-diaminobenzimidazole with one of the carboxy groups of glutaric acid. It has a role as a hapten. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of benzimidazoles and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthene substituted by hydroxy group at positions 1, 3, 6 and 7, an oxo group at position 9 and prenyl groups at positions 2 and 8. Isolated from the stems of Cratoxylum cochinchinense, it exhibits antitumour activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a protein kinase inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones and a member of phenols. 
it appears as a colorless volatile liquid with a disagreeable odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. it is an alkene that is but-1-ene carrying a methyl substituent at position 2. 
it is a new nucleoside antimetabolite. it has demonstrated strong antitumor activity without serious toxicity in nude rat models bearing human tumours. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a morphinane alkaloid that is a hydrogenated ketone derivative of morphine. A semi-synthetic drug, it is a centrally acting pain medication of the opioid class. It has a role as an opioid analgesic and a mu-opioid receptor agonist. It is a morphinane alkaloid and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. it is the hydrogenated ketone of morphine, a semi-synthetic opioid with analgesic effects. it selectively binds the mu-opioid receptor which is linked through G-proteins. Binding stimulates the exchange of guanosine triphosphate (GTP) for guanosine diphosphate (GDP) on the G-protein complex and interacts with and inhibits adenylate cyclase located at the inner surface of the plasma membrane. This leads to a reduction in intracellular cyclic 3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Further, voltage-gated potassium channels are activated, thereby causing hyperpolarization and reducing neuronal excitability. In addition, the opening of voltage-gated calcium channels is inhibited, thereby leading to an inhibition of calcium entry and a reduction in the release of various neurotransmitters, including GABA, vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagons. 
it is a myo-inositol pentakisphosphate comprising 1D-myo-inositol having the five phosphate groups placed in the 1-' 2-' 4-, 5- and 6-positions. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(10-). 
it is an antidepressant agent, the first ever use of which was in France, 1984. It acts as a selective  and reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase-A (MOA). 
it is a quinazoline compound having a 3-chloro-4-fluoroanilino group at the 4-position, a propenamido group at the 6-position, and a 3-morpholinopropoxy group at the 7-position. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinazolines, an organofluorine compound, a member of morpholines and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it appears as a yellow to red crystalline powder. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Contact may cause severe irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it, also known as win 49, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinoline carboxylic acids. These are quinolines in which the quinoline ring system is substituted by a carboxyl group at one or more positions. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as it or fema 3448, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an alliaceous, berry, and clam taste. 
it is the meglumine salt form of iodipamide, a tri-iodinated benzoate derivative and an ionic dimeric contrast agent used in diagnostic imaging. When administered in vivo, iodipamide is removed from the liver and secreted into the biliary tract. Like other organic iodine compounds, this agent blocks x-ray and appears opaque on x-ray film; thereby it enhances the visibility of the bile ducts and gallbladder during cholangiography and cholecystography procedures. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3, 5-dithiazinanes. These are cyclic compounds that contain a dithiazinane ring, which is a saturated heterocycle that consisting of one nitrogen atom, two sulfur atoms at the 1-, 3-, and 5- position, respectively. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a beefy, meaty, and roasted tasting compound that can be found in crustaceans. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2E)-(methoxyimino)(2-phenoxyphenyl)acetic acid with the amino group of methylamine. Used for the control of Pyricularia oryzae on rice crops. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an oxime O-ether, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an aromatic ether, an amide fungicide and a methoxyiminoacetamide strobilurin antifungal agent. 
it is an ester of sulfisoxazole, a broad-spectrum sulfanilamide and a synthetic analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with antibacterial property. it competes with PABA for the bacterial enzyme dihydropteroate synthase, thereby preventing the incorporation of PABA into dihydrofolic acid, the immediate precursor of folic acid. This leads to an inhibition of bacterial folic acid synthesis and de novo synthesis of purines and pyrimidines, ultimately resulting in cell growth arrest and cell death. 
Tetradecanoyl-CoA , also known as myristoyl-CoA or N-C14:0CoA, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acyl coas. These are acyl CoAs where the group acylated to the coenzyme A moiety is a long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. Tetradecanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Tetradecanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, tetradecanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Tetradecanoyl-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, tetradecanoyl-CoA is involved in the Beta oxidation OF very long chain fatty acids pathway, the adrenoleukodystrophy, X-linked pathway, and the fatty acid metabolism pathway. Tetradecanoyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(14:0/22:6(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z, 19Z)/14:1(9Z)) pathway, de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(14:0/20:5(5Z, 8Z, 11Z, 14Z, 17Z)/20:3(5Z, 8Z, 11Z)) pathway, de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(14:0/18:3(6Z, 9Z, 12Z)/22:5(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z)) pathway, and de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(i-21:0/14:0/a-17:0) pathway. Outside of the human body, tetradecanoyl-CoA can be found in a number of food items such as maitake, orange bell pepper, spinach, and gram bean. This makes tetradecanoyl-CoA a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an iridoid monoterpenoid that is 1,4a,7,7a-tetrahydrocyclopenta[c]pyran substituted by a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at position 1, a carboxylic acid group at position 4, and at position 7 by a hydroxy and hydroxymethyl groups respectively (the 1S,4aS,7R,7aS diastereomer). It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a cyclopentapyran, a monocarboxylic acid, an iridoid monoterpenoid, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. 
(S)-it, also known as cicutine or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkaloids and derivatives. These are naturally occurring chemical compounds that contain mostly basic nitrogen atoms. This group also includes some related compounds with neutral and even weakly acidic properties. Also some synthetic compounds of similar structure are attributed to alkaloids. In addition to carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen, alkaloids may also contain oxygen, sulfur and more rarely other elements such as chlorine, bromine, and phosphorus (S)-it exists as a liquid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (S)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-it can be found in black elderberry and pomegranate. This makes (S)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products (S)-it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a faint garlic-like odor. Easily ignited and burns with a sooty flame. Gas is lighter than air. Flame may flash back to the source of a leak very easily. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is a terminal itic compound, a gas molecular entity and an alkyne. 
it is an ammonium betaine that is beta-alaninate in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a trimethylamino group. A clinically used cardioprotective drug that is used for treatment of heart failure, myocardial infarction, arrhythmia, atherosclerosis and diabetes. It has a role as a cardioprotective agent, a neuroprotective agent and an EC 1.14.11.1 (gamma-butyrobetaine dioxygenase) inhibitor. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of 2-phenylethanol with valeric acid. It derives from a valeric acid and a 2-phenylethanol. 
2, 3-Diethyl-5-methylpyrazine, also known as fema 3336, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 3-Diethyl-5-methylpyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 3-diethyl-5-methylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 3-Diethyl-5-methylpyrazine is a citrus, earthy, and fatty tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices, milk and milk products, nuts, and potato. This makes 2, 3-diethyl-5-methylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of difluoroacetic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid anion and an organofluorine compound. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a difluoroacetic acid. 
it is a fatty amide derived from valproic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and a teratogenic agent. It derives from a valproic acid. 
Granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G-CSF) and granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) are glycosylated polypeptides that induce an increase in the proliferation and maturation of white blood cells including neutrophils and monocytes-macrophages. Recombinant forms of these colony stimulating factors are used to treat severe neutropenia in patients receiving cancer chemotherapy or undergoing hematopoietic cell transplantation. Recombinant forms include filgrastim (G-CSF) and sargramostim (GM-CSF), both of which are commercially available for therapy of severe neutropenia and bone marrow failure. Neither filgrastim nor sargramostim have been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a fatty acid anion 3:0 that is the conjugate base of 3-mercaptopropanoic acid. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-mercaptopropanoic acid. 
it is a primary amino compound that is fingolimod in which one on the hydroxy groups has been converted into its dihydrogen phosphate derivative. It is the active metabolite of fingolimod. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent and a sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor agonist. It is a monoalkyl phosphate, a primary amino compound and a primary alcohol. It derives from a fingolimod. 
Mannosulfan is an alkyl sulfonate with potential antineoplastic activity. Mannosulfan alkylates DNA, thereby producing DNA intra- or interstrand crosslinks, and ultimately results in inhibiting DNA replication and cell growth. 
it is a synthetic tertiary amine alkaloid with antimuscarinic properties. it, a competitive inhibitor of acetylcholine at the muscarinic receptor, blocks parasympathetic nerve stimulation. 
it is a colorless liquid. Flash point -15Â°F. Floats on water. Irritating vapor. it is an alkene that is pent-1-ene carrying a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an alkene and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a pentane. 
it is a non-thiol angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a member of the class of barbiturates that is barbituric acid in which the hydrogens at position 5 are substituted by prop-2-en-1-yl and pentan-2-yl groups. It has a role as an anaesthesia adjuvant, a GABA modulator and a sedative. It derives from a barbituric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it (1-). 
it is a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid in which the hydroxy substituent is located at position 13. It is a conjugate acid of a 13-hydroxyoctadecanoate. 
5, 6, 7, 8-Tetrahydroxy-2-(3, 4, 5-trihydroxyphenyl)-4H-chromen-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavones. These are flavonoids with a structure based on the backbone of 2-phenylchromen-4-one (2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one). 5, 6, 7, 8-Tetrahydroxy-2-(3, 4, 5-trihydroxyphenyl)-4H-chromen-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as angular furanocoumarins. These are furanocoumarins, with a structure characterized by a furan ring angularly fused to a coumarin. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils, green vegetables, and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of the three carboxy groups and protonation of the amino group of it; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is the open chain form of D-fructose 6-phosphate. It derives from a D-fructose. It is a conjugate acid of a D-fructose 6-phosphate(2-). 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Inhalation of high concentrations may have a narcotic effect. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a ubiquinone compound having a (2E,6E,10E,14E,18E)-3,7,11,15,19,23-hexamethyltetracosa-2,6,10,14,18,22-hexaen-1-yl substituent at position 2. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
it is a primary amino compound that is propan-1-amine which carries a phenyl group at position 1. It is a primary amino compound, a member of benzenes and a phenylalkylamine. It is a conjugate base of a 1-phenylpropan-1-aminium. 
it, also known as barterin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyanogenic glycosides. These are glycosides in which the aglycone moiety contains a cyanide group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in papaya. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a macrolide that is oleandolide having a 2,6-dideoxy-alpha-L-arabino-hexopyranosyl (alpha-L-olivosyl) residue attached at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a macrolide, a glycoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from an oleandolide. 
it is the 4-isomer of oxoproline. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-oxoprolinate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Estra-1,3,5(10)-trien-3-ol is a 3-hydroxy steroid resulting from deoxygenation at position 17 of estradiol or estrone. It has a role as an estrogen. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 40Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air. Contact with the material may irritate skin, eyes or mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used as a solvent. 
it is a selective peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma) modulator with antilipidemic activity. it also decreases fasting plasma glucose in type 2 diabetic patients, but not normoglycemic subjects. 
it, also known as acetoacetic acid, isobutyl ester or acib, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C3 carbon atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has a sweet, brandy, and fruity taste. 
it is a member of the family of mitomycins that exhibits antibiotic and antitumour properties as well as a high level of toxicity. It has a role as a toxin, an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and an alkylating agent. It is a itnd an ether. It is a conjugate acid of a mitomycin A(1-). 
it is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a (2R)-2-[3-(methanesulfonyl)-2-oxoimidazolidine-1-carboxamido]-2-phenylacetamido group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a broad-spectrum, beta-lactam penicillin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts the final stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually causing cell lysis. 
it, also known as fema 3302, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, methoxypyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, cocoa, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes methoxypyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a carboxylic acid and a carbotricyclic compound. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a vasodilator agent, an antihypertensive agent, a cardiovascular drug, a vitamin K antagonist and a human blood serum metabolite. 
it is a D-allose in open-chain form. It is a D-allose and an aldehydo-allose. It is an enantiomer of an aldehydo-L-allose. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Zorubicin is a benzoylhydrazone derivative of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic daunorubicin. Zorubicin intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair as well as RNA and protein synthesis. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the naphthalenecarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are compounds containing a napthalene moiety with a ring carbon which bears a carboxylic acid group or a derivative. This drug targets the protein neocarzinostatin. 
it is a zinc-dependent enzyme isolated from a strain of the bacterium Pseudomonas. Because it rapidly hydrolyzes methotrexate into inactive metabolites, it may be useful as a rescue agent for methotrexate-induced nephrotoxicity. In antibody-directed enzyme prodrug therapy (ADEPT), this agent is conjugated with an antibody that binds to a specific tumor cell type, allowing for it-catalyzed activation of a co-administered prodrug at the site of the tumor. 
it is a colorless oily liquid with a weak oily odor. Solidifies (freezing point is 79Â° F) and sinks on first contact with water, then mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a member of the class of tetrahydrothiophenes that is tetrahydrothiophene in which the sulfur has been oxidised to give the corresponding sulfone. A colourless, high-boiling (285â„ƒ) liquid that is miscible with both water and hydrocarbons, it is used as an industrial solvent, particularly for the purification of hydrocarbon mixtures by liquid-vapour extraction. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. It is a sulfone and a member of tetrahydrothiophenes. It derives from a hydride of a tetrahydrothiophene. 
it is a member of isoquinolines and a carboxamidine. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an adrenergic agent, a sympatholytic agent and a human metabolite. 
it is a hydrobromide salt obtained by reaction of imetit with two equivalents of hydrobromic acid. An extremely potent, high affinity agonist at H3 and H4 receptors (Ki values are 0.3 and 2.7 nM respectively). Induces shape change in eosinophils with an EC50 of 25 nM. Centrally active following systemic administration. It has a role as a H4-receptor agonist and a H3-receptor agonist. It contains an imetit(2+). 
it appears as a colorless or white crystalline solid becoming black on exposure to light or organic material. it is a silver salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. It has a role as an astringent. it is an inorganic chemical with antiseptic activity. it can potentially be used as a cauterizing or sclerosing agent. 
N-butyl proprionate appears as a water-white liquid with an apple-like odor. Less dense than water. Flash point 90Â°F. May irritate skin and eyes. Used to make perfumes and flavorings. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Noncombustible. Corrodes aluminum. Used as a disinfectant, in etching glass, metal casting, and electroplating. 
it is the dihydrate form of cephradine, a beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it, also known as 3, 4-dihydro-2H-pyran-2-one or 4, 5-dehydrovalerolactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydropyranones. Dihydropyranones are compounds containing a hydrogenated pyran ring which bears a ketone, and contains one double bond. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 5-hydroxy-4-pentenoic acid D-lactone can be found in nuts. This makes 5-hydroxy-4-pentenoic acid D-lactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a triazolo[4,3-a][1,4]benzodiazepine having a phenyl group at position 6 and a chloro substituent at position 8. A short-acting benzodiazepine with general properties similar to diazepam, it is given by mouth as a hypnotic in the short-term management of insomnia. It has a role as an anxiolytic drug, an anticonvulsant and a GABA modulator. It is a member of triazoles and a triazolobenzodiazepine. it is a triazolo-benzodiazepine with anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, hypnotic, and muscle relaxant properties. it binds to the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor at a site distinct from the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA binding site in the limbic system of the central nervous system (CNS). This binding leads to an opening of the chloride channels, which allows the flow of chloride ions into the neuron, hyperpolarizes the neuronal membrane, inhibits neuronal firing, and leads to a decrease in neuronal excitability. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyridines. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring linked to a pyridine ring through a CC or CN bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
Cefixime is a broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived semisynthetically from the marine fungus Cephalosporium acremonium with antibacterial activity. As does penicillin, the beta-lactam antibiotic cefixime inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by disrupting peptidoglycan synthesis, resulting in a reduction in bacterial cell wall stability and bacterial cell lysis. Stable in the presence of a variety of beta-lactamases, this agent is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria compared to second-generation cephalosporins. 
it is a primary alcohol that is butan-1-ol substituted by a chloro group at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a butan-1-ol. 
it is a quinolone that is 4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid which is substituted at positions 1, 6, 7 and 8 by cyclopropyl, fluoro, hexahydropyrrolo[3,4-b][1,4]oxazin-6-yl and cyano groups respectively; an antibiotic used for treatment of acute otitis externa (swimmer's ear) caused by the bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a quinolone, a monocarboxylic acid, an organofluorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound, a nitrile and a member of cyclopropanes. 
Methionine is a sulfur-containing amino acid that is butyric acid bearing an amino substituent at position 2 and a methylthio substituent at position 4. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a plant metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid and a sulfur-containing amino acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate base of a methioninium. It is a conjugate acid of a methioninate. It is a tautomer of a methionine zwitterion. Methionine is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (provided by food), Methionine is required for growth and tissue repair. A sulphur-containing amino acid, methionine improves the tone and pliability of skin, hair, and strengthens nails. Involved in many detoxifying processes, sulphur provided by methionine protects cells from pollutants, slows cell aging, and is essential for absorption and bio-availability of selenium and zinc. Methionine chelates heavy metals, such as lead and mercury, aiding their excretion. It also acts as a lipotropic agent and prevents excess fat buildup in the liver. (NCI04) 
5alpha-it, also known as 3-keto-5alpha, 16-androstene or androstenone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. 5alpha-it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. 5alpha-it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 5alpha-androst-16-en-3-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5alpha-androst-16-en-3-one can be found in parsnip and wild celery. This makes 5alpha-androst-16-en-3-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A kappa opioid receptor agonist. The compound has analgesic action and shows positive inotropic effects on the electrically stimulated left atrium. It also affects various types of behavior in mammals such as locomotion, rearing, and grooming. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic useful for the treatment of bacterial infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. it is an azalide, derived from erythromycin, and a member of a subclass of macrolide antibiotics with bacteriocidal and bacteriostatic activities. it reversibly binds to the 50S ribosomal subunit of the 70S ribosome of sensitive microorganisms, thereby inhibiting the translocation step of protein synthesis, wherein a newly synthesized peptidyl tRNA molecule moves from the acceptor site on the ribosome to the peptidyl (donor) site, and consequently inhibiting RNA-dependent protein synthesis leading to cell growth inhibition and cell death. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxirane carboxylic acids. Oxirane carboxylic acids are compounds containing an oxirane ring bearing a carboxylic acid group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the class of 1,2-benzothiazoles that is 1,2-benzothiazole 1,1-dioxide substituted at position 3 by an allyloxy group. A fungicide used to control rice blast. It has a role as a plant activator and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a 1,2-benzisothiazole, an aromatic ether, a sulfone and a benzothiazole fungicide. It derives from a saccharin. 
it, also known as fema 2946 or propyl pyromucate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, earthy, and herbal taste. 
it is a heavily substituted carbohydrazide that is an antiretroviral drug of the protease inhibitor (PI) class used to treat infection of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). It has a role as an antiviral drug and a HIV protease inhibitor. it is an aza-dipeptide analogue with a bis-aryl substituent on the (hydroxethyl)hydrazine moiety with activity against both wild type and mutant forms of HIV protease. it does not elevate serum lipids, a common problem with other protease inhibitors. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as secondary alcohols. Secondary alcohols are compounds containing a secondary alcohol functional group, with the general structure HOC(R)(R') (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as colorless needles, gray flakes or off-white lumpy solid. Phenolic odor. Formerly used as a fungicide and bactericide. it is a trichlorophenol carrying chloro groups at positions 2, 4 and 5. 
1,2-di-[(9Z)-hexadecenoyl]-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine in which both acyl substituents are specified as (9Z)-hexadecenoyl (palmitoleoyl). It derives from a palmitoleic acid. It is a tautomer of a 1,2-di-[(9Z)-hexadecenoyl]-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine zwitterion. 
Kanamycin Sulfate is the sulfate salt of kanamycin, a naturally occurring aminoglycoside antibiotic with antimicrobial property. Derived from Streptomyces kanamyceticus, kanamycin is an antibiotic complex consisting of three components: kanamycin A, the major component (also usually designated as kanamycin), and kanamycins B and C, the minor components. This agent irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. Specifically, this antibiotic is lodged between 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex, misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses. it is the sulfate salt form of kanamycin A, the major component of the kanamycin complex, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces kanamyceticus, with antibacterial activity. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks in and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a tricarboxylic acid and a NTA. It has a role as a nephrotoxic agent and a carcinogenic agent. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a white, crystalline solid compound. it is mainly used as a chelating and eluting agent and is found in laundry detergents. Exposure to it irritates the skin, eyes and respiratory tract and causes kidney and bladder damage. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point -4Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a formate ester resulting from the formal condensation of formic acid with ethanol. It has a role as a fumigant and a plant metabolite. It is a formate ester and an ethyl ester. 
it is the hemisulfate salt form of proflavine, an acridine-derived fluorescent contrast and disinfectant agent that can potentially be used for cellular imaging and antiseptic purposes. Upon topical application of it, proflavine diffuses into cells and intercalates into DNA, thereby accumulating in and staining the nucleus. During fluorescence imaging, the cell nuclei can be visualized. This allows nuclear morphometry and the identification of cancer cells. In addition, proflavine exerts its antibacterial effect by binding to bacterial DNA, thereby disrupting DNA synthesis and halting bacterial cell growth. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid where the methyl hydrogens have been replaced by two phenyl groups respectively. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an acetic acid. 
Silver Sulfadiazine is a sulfonamide-based topical agent with antibacterial and antifungal activity. Silver sulfadiazine may act through a combination of the activity of silver and sulfadiazine. When this agent interacts with sodium chloride-containing body fluids, silver ions are released slowly and sustainably into wounded areas. Ionized silver atoms catalyze the formation of disulfide bonds leading to protein structural changes and inactivating thiol-containing enzymes; silver ions may also intercalate DNA thereby interfering with replication and transcription of bacteria. As a competitive inhibitor of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), sulfadiazine inhibits bacterial dihydropteroate synthase, thereby resulting in disruption of folic acid metabolism and ultimately DNA synthesis. 
L-it is an L-phenylalanine derivative in which the phenyl group of L-phenylalanine is replaced by a 3,4-dioxocyclohexa-1,5-dien-1-yl group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a L-phenylalanine derivative and a member of 1,2-benzoquinones. It is a tautomer of a L-it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-thiazoles having a dimethylaminomethyl substituent at position 2 and an alkylthiomethyl moiety at position 4. It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug, a H2-receptor antagonist and a cholinergic drug. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a C-nitro compound, an organic sulfide, a tertiary amino compound and a carboxamidine. it is a competitive and reversible histamine H2-receptor antagonist with antacid activity. it inhibits the histamine H2-receptors located on the basolateral membrane of the gastric parietal cell, thereby reducing basal and nocturnal gastric acid secretion, resulting in a reduction in gastric volume, acidity, and amount of gastric acid released in response to stimuli. 
2-trans,6-trans,10-trans-it is the all-trans-isomer of it. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-trans,6-trans,10-trans-it(3-). 
it is an acyl-CoA oxoanion that is the tetraanion of it, arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a saturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-) and a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a dicarboximide that is a six-membered cyclic compound having ethyl and 4-aminophenyl substituents at the 3-position. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an adrenergic agent, an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor and an anticonvulsant. It is a dicarboximide, a member of piperidones and a substituted aniline. It derives from a piperidine-2,6-dione. it is a synthetic derivative of the sedative and anticonvulsant glutethimide with anti-steroid properties. Originally used as an anticonvulsant, it also blocks adrenal steroidogenesis by inhibiting the enzymatic conversion of cholesterol to pregnenolone. In addition, this agent blocks the peripheral aromatization of androgenic precursors to estrogens. it does not suppress ovarian estrogen production. 
it is a morphinane alkaloid from the opium poppy, in which the 5,6,8,14-tetradehydromorphinan-7-one skeleton is substituted at position 4 by a hydroxyl group, positions 3 and 6 by methoxy groups and position N17 by a methyl group. An intermediate in the biosynthesis of narcotic analgesics such as morphine and codeine. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HBV agent. It is a conjugate base of a salutaridinium(1+). It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. 
it (it) is a propyl analogue of tetrahydrocannabinol (Î”9-THC), one of the primary pharmacological components of [Medical Cannabis]. Î”9-THC is currently available in several synthetic forms, including [Dronabinol], while purified or isolated it is not approved for any medical uses and is not available as any marketed products. As a major phytocannabinoid, however, it is accessible within [Medical Cannabis] along with other identified cannabinoids including [Cannabidiol] (CBD), [cannabinol] (CBN), [cannabigerol] (CBG), [cannabichromene] (CBC), [cannabivarin] (CBV), and [Cannabidivarin] (CBDV).   it is one of four cannabinoids with identified potential as anticonvulsant agents, which also includes Î”9-tetrahydrocannabinolic acid, [Cannabidiol] (CBD), and [Cannabidivarin] (CBDV).  Although it possesses an almost identical structure to Î”9-THC (varying only by the length of its lipophilic alkyl chain), it has different molecular targets and pharmacological profile. Compared to THC which demonstrates its effects through weak partial agonist activity of both endocannabinoid receptors Cannabinoid-1 (CB1R) and Cannabinoid-2 (CB2R), it acts as a CB1 antagonist and a partial agonist of CB2. Further evidence has also shown that it acts as an agonist of GPR55 and l-Î±-lysophosphatidylinositol (LPI). Beyond the endocannabinoid system, it has also been reported to activate 5HT1A receptors to produce an antipsychotic effect that has therapeutic potential for ameliorating some of the negative, cognitive and positive symptoms of schizophrenia. Furthermore, it interacts with different transient receptor potential (TRP) channels including TRPV2, which may contribute to the analgesic, anti-inflammatory and anti-cancer effects of cannabinoids and Cannabis extracts. It has also shown antiepileptiform and anticonvulsant properties, that suggest possible therapeutic application in the treatment of pathophysiologic hyperexcitability states such as untreatable epilepsy.  Cannabinoid receptors are utilized endogenously by the body through the endocannabinoid system, which includes a group of lipid proteins, enzymes, and receptors that are involved in many physiological processes. Through its modulation of neurotransmitter release, the endocannabinoid system regulates cognition, pain sensation, appetite, memory, sleep, immune function, and mood among many others. These effects are largely mediated through two members of the G-protein coupled receptor family, cannabinoid receptors 1 and 2 (CB1 and CB2). CB1 receptors are found in both the central and peripheral nervous systems, with the majority of receptors localized to the hippocampus and amygdala of the brain. Physiological effects of using cannabis make sense in the context of its receptor activity as the hippocampus and amygdala are primarily involved with regulation of memory, fear, and emotion. In contrast, CB2 receptors are mainly found peripherally in immune cells, lymphoid tissue, and peripheral nerve terminals.  Reliably studying the effects of Cannabis (and of it) is complicated by the numerous other compounds that Cannabis contains such as terpenes, flavonoids, phenols, amino acids, and fatty acids among many others that have the potential to modulate the plant's pharmacological effect. 
it is a methylindole carrying a methyl substituent at position 3. It is produced during the anoxic metabolism of L-tryptophan in the mammalian digestive tract. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite and a human metabolite. 
it, also known as E275 or fema 2312, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, floral, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in citrus, fruits, garden tomato, and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Methyl-3-methylthioproprionate, also known as methyl 3-(methylthio)propanoic acid or fema 2720, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methyl esters. These are organic compounds containing a carboxyl group that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=H or organyl group and R'=methyl group. Methyl-3-methylthioproprionate is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, methyl-3-methylthioproprionate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Methyl-3-methylthioproprionate exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Methyl-3-methylthioproprionate is a sweet, garlic, and onion tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes methyl-3-methylthioproprionate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
ITP is the inosine phosphate that has a triphosphate group at the 5'-position. It is an intermediate in the metabolism of purine. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and an inosine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an ITP(3-) and an ITP(4-). 
it is a it and a quinolinate. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a quinolinate(1-). 
it is an N-acylethanolamine compound formed by a condensation of prostaglandin H2 and ethanolamine. It is a N-acylethanolamine and a prostaglandins H. It derives from a prostaglandin H2. 
it is the potassium salt of oxonate, an enzyme inhibitor that modulates 5- fluorouracil (5-FU) toxicity. it inhibits orotate phosphoribosyltransferase, which catalyzes the conversion of 5-FU to its active or phosphorylated form, FUMP. Upon oral administration, Oxonate is selectively distributed to the intracellular sites of tissues lining the small intestines, producing localized inhibitory effects within the gastrointestinal tract. As a result, 5-FU associated gastrointestinal toxic effects are reduced and the incidence of diarrhea or mucositis is decreased in 5-FU related therapy. 
it appears as blue or emerald-green crystalline material. Toxic and carcinogenic. Two known phases. Alpha-form (blue tetragonal) converts to beta-form (green monoclinic) at 127.9Â°F. Becomes blue and opaque at room temperature. Odorless. Sweet astringent taste. Somewhat efflorescent. Greenish-yellow anhydrous salt is formed at 536Â°F. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate of nickel sulfate. It has a role as a sensitiser. It contains a nickel sulfate. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is 1,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone which is substituted a position 2 by a 3-oxobutanoyl group and at position 3 by a carboxymethyl group. An intermediate in the biosynthesis of nogalamycin. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an oxo monocarboxylic acid, a polyphenol, a polyketide and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. It is a conjugate acid of a nogalonate(2-). 
it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 1 and two methyl groups at position 5. It is approved by the FDA for use as an adjuvant in the bleaching of recycled paper and board used in food packaging, and is also a decomposition product of Dit, a preservative and antimicrobial agent used in cosmetics and personal care products. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione and a hemiaminal. 
Pantothenol, also known as it or bepanthen, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl amines. N-acyl amines are compounds containing a fatty acid moiety linked to an amine group through an ester linkage. Pantothenol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Pantothenol has been found in human epidermis tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva and urine. Within the cell, pantothenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, pantothenol is involved in pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis pathway. 
it appears as a colorless gas (boiling point -2 to 0Â°C) shipped in cylinders or, if polymerized, a liquid. Heating the containers of gas may cause them to rupture violently and rocket. Polymeric it is a clear oily liquid of widely variable viscosity and density. 
A nucleoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus. It has some antineoplastic properties and has broad spectrum activity against DNA viruses in cell cultures and significant antiviral activity against infections caused by a variety of viruses such as the herpes viruses, the VACCINIA VIRUS and varicella zoster virus. 
D-camphor appears as colorless or white crystals. Sublimes. Flash point 149Â°F. Burns readily with a bright, smoky flame. Penetrating aromatic odor. Pungent, aromatic taste followed by a sensation of cold. (NTP, 1992) 
O(4)-phospho-L-tyrosine is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-tyrosine phosphorylated at the phenolic hydroxy group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and an immunogen. It is a L-tyrosine derivative, an O(4)-it and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of an O(4)-phosphonato-L-tyrosine(2-). It is an enantiomer of an O(4)-phospho-D-tyrosine. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as macrolides and analogues. These are organic compounds containing a lactone ring of at least twelve members. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in herbs and spices. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a cyclic monoterpene ketone that is camphor bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 6. It is a bornane monoterpenoid and a cyclic monoterpene ketone. It derives from a camphor. 
it is a diterpene alkaloid, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound, an acetate ester, a cyclic acetal and an organic polycyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
it is a water-soluble phosphate ester prodrug of phenytoin, a hydantoin derivative with anticonvulsant activity. it is hydrolyzed to phenytoin by phosphatases. Phenytoin exerts its effect mainly by promoting sodium efflux and stabilizes neuronal membranes in the motor cortex. This leads to a suppression of excessive neuronal firing and limits the spread of seizure activity. 
Methyl 2, 4, 6-trihydroxybenzoate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxybenzoic acid derivatives. Hydroxybenzoic acid derivatives are compounds containing a hydroxybenzoic acid (or a derivative), which is a benzene ring bearing a carboxyl and a hydroxyl groups. Methyl 2, 4, 6-trihydroxybenzoate exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, methyl 2, 4, 6-trihydroxybenzoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, methyl 2, 4, 6-trihydroxybenzoate can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes methyl 2, 4, 6-trihydroxybenzoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 2-methyl-6-methoxypyrazine or pyrazine, 2-methyl-6-methoxy, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is an almond, hazelnut, and peanut tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate that is ATP in which position 2 on the adenine moiety is substituted by a hydroxy group. It derives from an ATP. 
it is an optically active form of 3-amino-3-phenylpropanoic acid having R-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-3-amino-3-phenylpropanoic acid. It is a tautomer of a (R)-3-ammonio-3-phenylpropanoate. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02256735 (Study to Investigate the Effect of KUC 7483 CL on the QT/QTc Interval of the ECG in Comparison to Placebo and Moxifloxacin in Healthy Male and Female Volunteers). 
it is a it in which the benzene ring is fused to a 1,3-oxazole ring across positions 4 and 5. It is a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent and a member of its. 
it is a vibsane diterpenoid that is (2Z,6E,10E)-cycloundeca-2,6,10-trien-1-one which is substituted at positions 2, 5, 5, 8, 9, and 9 by hydroxymethyl, methyl, 2-methylpent-2-en-5-yl, 3-methylbut-2-enoyloxy, hydroxy, and methyl groups, respectively (the 5S,8R,9R stereoisomer). It has been found to inhibit root growth in rice seedlings (IC50 0.14 mM). It has a role as a plant metabolite and a plant growth retardant. It is a vibsane diterpenoid, an enone, a cyclic terpene ketone and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a 3-methylbut-2-enoic acid. 
3-Acetoxy-3-methyl-1-phenylbutane, also known as 2-methyl-4-phenyl-2-butyl acetate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 3-Acetoxy-3-methyl-1-phenylbutane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-acetoxy-3-methyl-1-phenylbutane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 3-Acetoxy-3-methyl-1-phenylbutane has a sweet, balsam, and deep taste. 
it chloride is an organic chloride salt. It has a role as a dye. It contains a it cation. 
it is a member of the class of furans carrying two formyl substituents at positions 2 and 5. It is a member of furans, an arenecarbaldehyde and a dialdehyde. 
2-it, also known as it or 3-propyl-acrolein, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. 2-it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 2-it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, saliva, and blood. Within the cell, 2-hexenal is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-it is a sweet, almond, and apple tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as soy bean, cucumber, black elderberry, and blackcurrant. This makes 2-hexenal a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 2-it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a synthetic pentasaccharide which, apart from the O-methyl group at the reducing end of the molecule, consists of monomeric sugar units which are identical to a sequence of five monomeric sugar units that can be isolated after either chemical or enzymatic cleavage of the polymeric glycosaminoglycans heparin and heparan sulfate. It has a role as an anticoagulant. It is an amino sugar, an oligosaccharide sulfate and a pentasaccharide derivative. It derives from a normethylit. It is a conjugate acid of a it(10-). it is a synthetic glucopyranoside with antithrombotic activity. it selectively binds to antithrombin III, thereby potentiating the innate neutralization of activated factor X (Factor Xa) by antithrombin. Neutralization of Factor Xa inhibits its activity and interrupts the blood coagulation cascade, thereby preventing thrombin formation and thrombus development. 
it is a 3beta-sterol that is methyl-5alpha-ergosta-8,14,24(28)-trien-3beta-ol carrying an additional 4alpha-methyl substituent. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol and a Delta(14) steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-ergostane. 
2-aminosulfonyl-benzoic acid methyl ester is a benzoate ester that is methyl benzoate substituted by a sulfamoyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the herbicide metsulfuron-methyl. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a benzoate ester, a sulfonamide and a methyl ester. 
it is the prodrug of a bifunctional sulfonate alkylating agent with myeloablative, immunosuppressive, and antineoplastic activities. Under physiological conditions, it converts nonenzymatically to L-diepoxybutane via a monoepoxide intermediate. The monoepoxide intermediate and L-diepoxybutane alkylate DNA at guanine residues and produce DNA interstrand crosslinks, resulting in DNA fragmentation and apoptosis. In escalated doses, this agent also exhibits myeloablative and immunosuppressive activities. 
it is an adenosine that is the the delta-(5'-adenosyl) derivative of ornithine. It has a role as an antifungal agent and an antimicrobial agent. It is a member of adenosines and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a L-ornithine. it is a natural nucleoside related to S-adenosylmethionine that has been isolated from Streptomyces species with antifungal, antiviral and antiparasitic activity. it inhibits DNA methyltransferase which leads to an inhibition of DNA synthesis. 
it is a colorless watery liquid with a pleasant odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is an alkene that is octadecane containing one double bond at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a methylbutyric acid comprising a butyric acid core carrying a 2-methyl substituent. Produced from amino acid leucine during nutrient starvation in bacteria. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methylbutyrate. 
it is a trideoxyhexose derivative that is alpha-D-glucose in which the 2 and 6-hydroxy groups are replaced by amino groups while the 3-hydroxy group is replaced by hydrogen. It is an amino sugar and a trideoxyhexose derivative. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
The biologically active fragment of human growth hormone-releasing factor, consisting of GHRH(1-29)-amide. This N-terminal sequence is identical in several mammalian species, such as human, pig, and cattle. It is used to diagnose or treat patients with GROWTH HORMONE deficiency. 
it is a tripeptide that is the 2-phenylethyl amide of L-arginyl-2,5,7-tri-tert-butyl-L-tryptophyl-L-arginine It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a peptidomimetic. It is a tripeptide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydrofurans. Dihydrofurans are compounds containing a dihydrofuran moiety, which is a furan derivative with only one double bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a blackcurrant taste. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of nonanoic acid. It derives from a nonanoic acid and a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it appears as a colorless liquid. May irritate skin and eyes. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make rubber. it is an antiaromatic annulene that is cyclooctane having four double bonds at positions 1, 3, 5 and 7. 
it, also known as fema 3222 or phenethyl caprylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a sweet, cocoa, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Dodecapeptide tachykinin found in the central nervous system of the amphibian Kassina senegalensis. It is similar in structure and action to other tachykinins, but is especially effective in contracting smooth muscle tissue and stimulating the micturition reflex. 
it is a meroterpenoid resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of fumagillol with the carboxylic acid group of (all-E)-deca-2,4,6,8-tetraenedioic acid. Originally isolated from the fungus Aspergillus fumigatus, it is used for the control of Nosema infection in honey bees. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antibacterial drug, an antiprotozoal drug, a methionine aminopeptidase 2 inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and a fungal metabolite. It is an organooxygen heterocyclic antibiotic, a meroterpenoid, a carboxylic ester, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an antibiotic antifungal drug and a spiro-epoxide. It derives from a fumagillol and an (all-E)-deca-2,4,6,8-tetraenedioic acid. 
it is an organic molecular entity. It has a role as a SMO receptor agonist. it is a topical, synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic properties. it exerts its effect by interacting with specific intracellular receptors, and the ligand-receptor complex subsequently modulates gene expressions via the typical glucocorticoid signalling pathway. This results in the synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins as well as in synthesis inhibition of certain inflammatory mediators. Consequently, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions are accomplished. (NCI05) 
it(2-) is a organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy and one of the phosphate OH groups of carboxyphosphoric acid It is a conjugate base of a carboxyphosphoric acid. 
it is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of it. It is the major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is an orally bioavailable chelate composed of zinc and L-carnosine, with potential gastroprotective, anti-oxidant, anti-ulcer and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon administration, it increases the expression of various anti-oxidant enzymes, such as superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD-1), SOD-2, heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), glutathione S-transferase (GST), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-px), peroxidredoxin-1 (PRDX1; PRXI) and PRXD5 (PRXV) in the gastric mucosa, which protect cells against reactive oxygen species (ROS). In addition, this agent inhibits the activity of the transcription factor nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) and reduces the expression of several pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as interleukin (IL) 1beta, IL-6, IL-8, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-a). it also increases the expression of various growth factors, such as platelet-derived growth factor-B (PDGF-B), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), and nerve growth factor (NGF), and various heat shock proteins (HSPs), including HSP90, HSP70, HSP60, HSP47, HSP27, and HSP10. This protects against damages to, and accelerates healing of the gastric mucosa. 
it is an organic disulfide and a S-substituted coenzyme M. It derives from an O-phospho-L-threonine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
Mangafodipir Trisodium is the trisodium salt of mangafodipir with potential antioxidant and chemoprotective activities. Consisting of manganese (II) ions chelated to fodipir (dipyridoxyl diphosphate or DPDP), mangafodipir scavenges oxygen free radicals such as superoxide anion, hydrogen peroxide, and hydroxyl radical, potentially preventing oxygen free radical damage to macromolecules such as DNA and minimizing oxygen free radical-related chemotoxicity in normal tissues. However, this agent may potentiate the chemotherapy-induced generation of oxygen free radicals in tumor cells, resulting in the potentiation of chemotherapy-induced cytotoxicity; tumor cells, with higher levels of reactive oxygen species than normal cells, possess a lower threshold for oxygen free radical-mediated cytotoxicity. Mangafodipir is traditionally used as an imaging agent in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is 4-(1-methylindol-3-yl)pyrimidin-2-amine in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 2-methoxy-4-[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl](methyl)amino-5-acrylamidophenyl group. Used (as the mesylate salt) for treatment of EGFR T790M mutation positive non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of indoles, an aminopyrimidine, a biaryl, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound, a monomethoxybenzene, a member of acrylamides, a substituted aniline and a secondary carboxamide. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a third-generation, orally available, irreversible, mutant-selective, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it covalently binds to and inhibits the activity of mutant forms of EGFR, including the T790M EGFR mutant, thereby preventing EGFR-mediated signaling. This may both induce cell death and inhibit tumor growth in EGFR-overexpressing tumor cells. EGFR, a receptor tyrosine kinase mutated in many tumor cell types, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization. it preferentially inhibits mutated forms of EGFR including T790M, a secondarily-acquired resistance mutation, and may have enhanced anti-tumor effects in tumors with T790M-mediated resistance when compared to other EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. As this agent is selective towards mutant forms of EGFR, its toxicity profile may be reduced when compared to non-selective EGFR inhibitors which also inhibit wild-type EGFR. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as winter savory, common sage, sweet basil, and peppermint. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Minocycline is a tetracycline antibiotic with excellent absorption and tissue penetration that is used for several bacterial infections as well as treatment of acne. Minocycline can cause both an acute hepatitis-like syndrome occurring within 1 to 3 months of starting therapy or a more insidious chronic hepatitis with autoimmune features typically after long term treatment. it is the hydrochloride salt of minocycline, a broad spectrum long-acting derivative of the antibiotic tetracycline, with antibacterial and anti-inflammatory activities. Minocycline binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interferes with the binding of tRNA to the ribosomal complex, thereby inhibiting protein translation in bacteria. In addition, minocycline inhibits the inflammatory enzyme 5-lipoxygenase (5LOX) and may impede T cell-microglia interactions; both activities may contribute to minocycline's neuroprotective effects. 5LOX catalyzes the synthesis of inflammatory mediators such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. 
Calcium chloride is a white to off-white solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a calcium salt and an inorganic chloride. It has a role as a fertilizer. 
it is the chloride salt of acetylcholine, and a parasympatomimetic drug. It contains an acetylcholine. it is the chloride salt form of acetylcholine, a synthetic, quaternary amino alcohol with cholinergic properties. it mimics the parasympathomimetic effect of the endogenous compound acetylcholine. Administered as an ophthalmic solution, this drug stimulates the cholinoceptors in the sphincter muscle of the iris, causing the pupil to constrict. (NCI05) 
5-Hexyldihydro-5-methyl-2(3H)-furanone, also known as 4-hydroxy-4-methyldecanoic acid lactone or 4-methyl-4-decanolide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. 5-Hexyldihydro-5-methyl-2(3H)-furanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-hexyldihydro-5-methyl-2(3H)-furanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 5-Hexyldihydro-5-methyl-2(3H)-furanone has a coconut, fresh, and jasmin taste. 
it is a synthetic phenylmethyl-piperazinyl derivative, antihistaminic Cetirizine is a metabolite of hydroxyzine and a selective peripheral histamine H1-receptor antagonist. It is used for symptomatic treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and for chronic urticaria. (NCI04) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Liposarcoma, Solid Tumors, Multiple Myeloma, and Recurrent Thyroid Cancer, among others. it is an orally bioavailable thiazolidinedione and an agonist of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and activates PPAR-gamma thus inducing cell differentiation and apoptosis, leading to a reduction in cellular proliferation. PPAR-gamma is a nuclear hormone receptor and a ligand-activated transcription factor that controls the expression of genes involved in macromolecule metabolism and cell differentiation, specifically adipocyte differentiation. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of procainamide, an amide derivative exhibiting class 1A antiarrhythmic property and analog of procaine. it reversibly binds to and blocks activated (open) voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby blocks the influx of sodium ions into the cell, which leads to an increase in threshold for excitation and inhibit depolarization during phase 0 of the action potential. In addition, the effective refractory period (ERP), action potential duration (APD), and ERP/APD ratios are increased, resulting in decreased impulse conduction velocity. The lasting action potential may also be due to blockage of outward K+ currents. The result is a decrease in automaticity, increase in refractory period and slowing of impulse conduction. 
2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-1, 4-benzenediol, also known as 25-ditertbutylhydroquinone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-1, 4-benzenediol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 6-di-tert-butyl-1, 4-benzenediol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 6-di-tert-butyl-1, 4-benzenediol can be found in tea. This makes 2, 6-di-tert-butyl-1, 4-benzenediol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a sulfonamide resulting from the formal condensation of the sulfonic acid group of 5-(phenylsulfonyl)-2-(trifluoromethyl)benzenesulfonic acid with the primary amino group of piperidin-4-amine. An inhibitor of secreted Frizzled-Related Protein-1 (sFRP-1). It has a role as a secreted frizzled-related protein 1 inhibitor. It is a sulfone, a sulfonamide, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a member of piperidines and a secondary amino compound. 
it is the difumarate salt form of emedastine, a second generation, selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist with anti-allergic activity. Emedastine reversibly and competitively blocks histamine by binding to H1 receptors, thus blocking its downstream activity. As a result, this agent interferes with mediator release from mast cells either by inhibiting calcium ion influx across mast cell/basophil plasma membrane or by inhibiting intracellular calcium ion release within the cells. In addition, emedastine may also inhibit the late-phase allergic reaction mediated through leukotrienes or prostaglandins, or by producing an anti-platelet activating factor effect. Upon ocular administration, emedastine causes a dose-dependent inhibition of histamine-stimulated vascular permeability in the conjunctiva. Emedastine does not affect adrenergic, dopamine, or serotonin receptors. 
it is the sulfate salt form of the quinidine alkaloid isolate quinine. Quinine has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May be slightly toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make other chemicals. 
it, also known as L-argininosuccinate or acid, argininosuccinic, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aspartic acid and derivatives. Aspartic acid and derivatives are compounds containing an aspartic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of aspartic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human prostate and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from citrulline and L-aspartic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme argininosuccinate synthase. Furthermore, it can be converted into fumaric acid and L-arginine through the action of the enzyme argininosuccinate lyase. Furthermore, it can be converted into fumaric acid and L-arginine; which is mediated by the enzyme argininosuccinate lyase. Finally, it can be biosynthesized from citrulline and L-aspartic acid through its interaction with the enzyme argininosuccinate synthase. In humans, it is involved in the aspartate metabolism pathway, the arginine and proline metabolism pathway, and the urea cycle pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the canavan disease pathway, arginine: glycine amidinotransferase deficiency (agat deficiency), the argininemia pathway, and the citrullinemia type I pathway. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 26-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid, a 5beta-hydroxy steroid, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a phytoecdysteroid. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of nitrotoluenes that is 4,6-dinitrotoluene bearing an additional hydroxylamino substituent at position 2. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a nitrotoluene and a member of hydroxylamines. 
it is an acyclic mixed acid anhydride formed by condensation of phosphoric acid with carbonic acid. It is an acyclic mixed acid anhydride, an organic phosphate and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a carboxyphosphate(2-). 
(S)-it, also known as 2-PMP-pa or na-PMP, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyloxyphenoxypropionic acids. These are aromatic compounds containing a phenoxypropionic acid that is para-substituted with an alkyl group (S)-it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (S)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a pyrazolodiazepinone derivative used as an anaesthetic in veterinary medicine. it is typically used in combination with the NMDA antagonist tiletamine or the Î±2 adrenoceptor agonist xylazine. It is around four times the potency of diazepam but it is both water-soluble and un-ionized at physiological pH meaning that its onset is very fast. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxy-dihydrochalcones. These are organic compounds containing dihydrochalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. Thus, dihydroflavokawin b is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a tryptamine alkaloid that is N-methyltryptamine carrying an additional phosphoryloxy substituent at position 4. It has a role as a hallucinogen and a fungal metabolite. It is an organic phosphate, a tryptamine alkaloid and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a tryptamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
4-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)but-3-en-2-one, also known as 4-hydroxybenzalacetone or 4-hydroxycinnamoylmethane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives. Hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives are compounds containing an cinnamic acid (or a derivative thereof) where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 4-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)but-3-en-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
An anti-nematodal agent effective against the intestinal nematodes ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES (roundworm) and ENTEROBIUS VERMICULARIS (pinworm, threadworm). It produces a neuromuscular block leading to flaccid muscle paralysis in susceptible worms, which are then dislodged from the gut and expelled in feces. 
it is an L-alanine derivative that is isopropyl L-alaninate in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by an (S)-({[(2R)-1-(6-amino-9H-purin-9-yl)propan-2-yl]oxy}methyl)(phenoxy)phosphoryl group. A prodrug for tenofovir, it is used (as the fumarate salt) in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV-1 infection. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a L-alanine derivative, a phosphoramidate ester, an ether, a member of 6-aminopurines and an isopropyl ester. It derives from an adenine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a lipophilic phosphonamidate prodrug of tenofovir, a synthetic antiviral acyclic nucleotide analog of adenosine 5-monophosphate and a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI), with antiviral activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV) and potentially against human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Upon oral administration, it is taken up by hepatocytes through passive diffusion and through the hepatic uptake transporters organic anion transporting polypeptides 1B1 (OATP1B1) and 1B3 (OATP1B3). Inside the hepatocytes, it is hydrolyzed and converted to tenofovir by carboxylesterase 1 (CES1). Intracellular tenofovir is phosphorylated by cellular kinases to its pharmacologically active form, tenofovir diphosphate. Tenofovir diphosphate is incorporated into viral DNA instead of the natural substrate deoxyadenosine 5-triphosphate, and inhibits HBV reverse transcriptase, resulting in DNA chain-termination and inhibition of HBV replication. In addition, tenofovir diphosphate is incorporated into HIV DNA instead of the natural substrate deoxyadenosine 5-triphosphate, thereby inhibiting HIV-1 reverse transcriptase (RT) and resulting in DNA chain termination and impairment of HIV replication. 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is furan-3-sulfonic acid carrying hexyl and ethyl substituents at positions 2 and 5 respectively. It has a role as a nematode metabolite and a protective agent. It is a member of furans and an arenesulfonic acid. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls that is 1,1'-biphenyl substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 3. It is a member of catechols and a member of hydroxybiphenyls. 
A highly basic, 28 amino acid neuropeptide released from intestinal mucosa. It has a wide range of biological actions affecting the cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, and respiratory systems and is neuroprotective. It binds special receptors (RECEPTORS, it). 
Mcl-1 Inhibitor MIK665 is an inhibitor of induced myeloid leukemia cell differentiation protein (Mcl-1; Bcl2-L-3), with potential pro-apoptotic and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, MIK665 binds to and inhibits the activity of Mcl-1, which promotes apoptosis of cells overexpressing Mcl-1. Mcl-1, an anti-apoptotic protein belonging to the Bcl-2 family of proteins, is upregulated in cancer cells and promotes tumor cell survival. 
it is a carboxyalkyl phosphate and a carboxyalkanesulfonic acid. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2R)-2-O-phosphonato-3-sulfonatolactate(4-). 
N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosamine 4-sulfate is a galactosamine sulfate that is N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosamine in which the hydroxy group at position 4 has been converted into its sulfate derivative. It derives from a N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosamine. 
it is a polyketide obtainbed by allylic hydroxylation of dihydromonacolin L acid at the 3alpha-position. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a polyketide and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a dihydromonacolin L acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3alpha-hydroxy-3,5-dihydromonacolin L carboxylate. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a methoxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of vanillic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a methoxybenzoate and a monohydroxybenzoate. It is a conjugate base of a vanillic acid. 
it is a lactam that is 3,4-dihydroquinolin-2(1H)-one in which the hydrogen at position 6 is substituted by a 4-(1-cyclohexyl-1H-tetrazol-5-yl)butoxy group. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a vasodilator agent, a fibrin modulating drug, a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent, an anticoagulant and an EC 3.1.4.17 (3',5'-cyclic-nucleotide phosphodiesterase) inhibitor. It is a member of tetrazoles and a lactam. it is a quinolinone derivative and cellular phosphodiesterase inhibitor, more specific for phosphodiesterase III (PDE III). Although the exact mechanism of action of is unknown, it and its metabolites appears to inhibit PDE III activity, thereby suppressing cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) degradation. This results in an increase in cAMP in platelets and blood vessels, leading to inhibition of platelet aggregation and vasodilation. 
it, anhydrous appears as a colorless gas with a pungent irritating odor. Corrosive. Heavier than air. Prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat may result in the violent rupture and rocketing of the container. Long-term exposure to low concentrations or short-term exposure to high concentrations can result in adverse health effects from inhalation. Used to make other chemicals and as a catalyst in the manufacture of chemicals.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 2 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Chemical manufacturing industry; very corrosive. Bromine atom is a halogen. It has a role as a micronutrient. 
it is the S-malonyl derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.21 (carnitine O-palmitoyltransferase) inhibitor, a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is quercetin in which the hydroxy group at position 5 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 7-hydroxyflavonol, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. 
Quinine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of the quinidine alkaloid isolate quinine. Quinine has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) it is the sulfate salt form of quinidine, an alkaloid with antimalarial and antiarrhythmic (Class la) properties. it exerts its anti-malarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the hemepolymer (hemozoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. it exerts its antiarrhythmic effects by depressing the flow of sodium ions into cells during phase 0 of the cardiac action potential, thereby slowing the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node, reducing the rate of phase 0 depolarization and prolonging the refractory period. it also reduces the slope of phase 4 depolarization in Purkinje-fibres resulting in slowed conduction and reduced automaticity in the heart. 
N-(N-(N(2)-(N-(N-(N-(N-D-Alanyl L-seryl)-L-threonyl)-L-threonyl) L-threonyl)-L-asparaginyl)-L-tyrosyl) L-threonine. Octapeptide sharing sequence homology with HIV envelope protein gp120. It is potentially useful as antiviral agent in AIDS therapy. The core pentapeptide sequence, TTNYT, consisting of amino acids 4-8 in it, is the HIV envelope sequence required for attachment to the CD4 receptor. 
A group of ANTI-BACTERIAL AGENTS characterized by a chromophoric naphthohydroquinone group spanned by an aliphatic bridge not previously found in other known ANTI-BACTERIAL AGENTS. They have been isolated from fermentation broths of Streptomyces mediterranei. 
A chemical reagent that reacts with and modifies chemically the tryptophan portion of protein molecules. Used for 'active site' enzyme studies and other protein studies. Sometimes referred to as Koshland's reagent. 
4, 5-Dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)thiazole, also known as 2-iso-propyl-4, 5-dimethylthiazole or 4, 5-dimethyl-2-isopropyl-thiazole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 4, 5-Dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)thiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4, 5-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)thiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4, 5-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)thiazole can be found in cocoa and cocoa products, nuts, and potato. This makes 4, 5-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)thiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an oxopurine that is 5,7-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(9H)-trione in which the hydrogen at position 5 is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 5,7-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(9H)-trione. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as rhoeadine alkaloids. These are alkaloids with a structure based on rhoeadine. They usually contain a benzazepine system fused with a six-membered hemiacetal or acetal. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in opium poppy. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is urea in which the two hydrogens on one of the amino groups are replaced by nitroso and 2-chloroethyl groups and one hydrogen from the other amino group is replaced by a 4-amino-2-methylpyrimidin-5-ylmethyl] group. An antineoplastic agent especially effective against malignant brain tumors. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organochlorine compound, an aminopyrimidine and a member of N-nitrosoureas. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a nitrosourea with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and crosslinks DNA, thereby causing DNA fragmentation, inhibition of protein synthesis, and cell death. (NCI05) 
N-(2,4-dinitrophenyl)aminohexanoic acid is a C-nitro compound comprising hexanoic acid with a (2,4-dinitrophenyl)amino substituent at position C-6. It derives from a 6-aminohexanoic acid. 
it is a it that has S-configuration at the chiral centre. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (6R)-it. 
it is an aromatic ether, being the (2S)-3-(tert-butylamino)-2-hydroxypropyl ether of the phenolic hydroxy group of (6S,7R)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthalene-1,6,7-triol. It is a triol, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic ether. It is an enantiomer of a (2R,3S,2'R)-nadolol. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid that is the conjugate base of 5-hydroxyhexanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid anion, a medium-chain fatty acid anion and a hydroxy saturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 5-hydroxyhexanoic acid. 
it is a bioactive sphingoid which is the 1-deoxymethyl derivative of sphinganine. It is an amino alcohol and a sphingoid. It derives from a sphinganine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside having adenine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purines 2'-deoxy-D-ribonucleoside and a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside. it is a purine nucleoside component of DNA comprised of adenosine linked by its N9 nitrogen to the C1 carbon of deoxyribose. 
it (anhydrous) is the anhydrous sodium salt of dantrolene. It contains a dantrolene(1-). it is the sodium salt form of dantrolene, a hydantoin derivative and direct-acting skeletal muscle relaxant. Dantrolene depresses excitation-contraction coupling in skeletal muscle by binding to the ryanodine receptor 1, and decreasing intracellular calcium concentration. Ryanodine receptors mediate the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum, an essential step in muscle contraction. 
it is a monoatomic monocation obtained from sodium. It has a role as a human metabolite and a cofactor. It is an alkali metal cation, an elemental sodium, a monovalent inorganic cation and a monoatomic monocation. 
An ionophorous, polyether antibiotic from Streptomyces chartreusensis. It binds and transports CALCIUM and other divalent cations across membranes and uncouples oxidative phosphorylation while inhibiting ATPase of rat liver mitochondria. The substance is used mostly as a biochemical tool to study the role of divalent cations in various biological systems. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of naproxen with the hydroxy group of 4-(nitrooxy)butanol. A cyclooxygenase-inhibiting nitric oxide donator that is metabolised to naproxen and a nitric oxide donating moiety, effective in treatment of osteoarthritis. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, a prodrug, a nitric oxide donor and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a nitrate ester, a carboxylic ester and a methoxynaphthalene. It derives from a naproxen and a butane-1,4-diol. 
it is the hydrochloride and hydrate of the trypanocidal drug eflornithine. It is a hydrochloride and a hydrate. It contains an eflornithine. 
A complex of cyclic peptide antibiotics produced by the Tracy-I strain of Bacillus subtilis. The commercial preparation is a mixture of at least nine bacitracins with bacitracin A as the major constituent. It is used topically to treat open infections such as infected eczema and infected dermal ulcers. (From Goodman and Gilman, The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 8th ed, p1140) 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon) it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (S)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-it can be found in beverages, crustaceans, green vegetables, and tea. This makes (S)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenothiazines. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a phenothiazine moiety, which is a linear tricyclic system that consists of a two benzene rings joined by a para-thiazine ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a 3-hydroxybutanenitrile that has R configuration. A metabolite isolated from Aspergillus sp. KJ-9, it is active against a wide variety of phytopathogenic fungi. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. 
it is an odorless white to faint yellow crystalline powder. Bitter taste. A 10% solution in water has a pH of 3.5-5.0. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt of promethazine. It has a role as an antipruritic drug, a H1-receptor antagonist, a local anaesthetic, an antiemetic, a sedative, an anti-allergic agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It contains a promethazine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of promethazine, a phenothiazine derivative with antihistaminic, sedative and antiemetic properties. it selectively blocks peripheral H1 receptors thereby diminishing the effects of histamine on effector cells. it also blocks the central histaminergic receptors, thereby depressing the reticular system causing sedative and hypnotic effects. In addition, it also has centrally acting anticholinergic properties and probably mediates nausea and vomiting by acting on the medullary chemoreceptive trigger zone. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-leucine and L-arginine joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-arginine. 
Butylated hydroxyanisole appears as white, beige or slightly yellow waxy solid with an aromatic odor and a slightly bitter burning taste. (NTP, 1992) it is an aromatic ether that is 4-methoxyphenol in which one of the hydrogens ortho- to the phenolic hydroxy group is replaced by a tert-butyl group. It has a role as an antioxidant and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 
it is a dithiocarbamate salt that is the zinc salt of diethyldithiocarbamic acid. It is an accelerator and activator for natural rubber. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dithiocarbamate salt and a zinc molecular entity. It contains a diethyldithiocarbamate and a zinc(2+). It derives from a diethyldithiocarbamic acid. 
it is a hexadecanoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of butanol. It has a role as an animal metabolite, a plant metabolite and an insect repellent. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxy-dihydrochalcones. These are organic compounds containing dihydrochalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as it or arg-pro, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group has been replaced by a 2-azocan-1-ylethyl group. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an adrenergic antagonist and a sympatholytic agent. It is a member of guanidines and a member of azocanes. It derives from a guanidine. It derives from a hydride of an azocane. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless gas with a faint ethereal odor. Shipped as a confined liquid under its vapor pressure. Any leak can either be liquid or vapor. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. Easily ignited. Vapors are heavier than air. Can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is an alpha-amino acid ester that is the methyl ester of S-[(2E,6E)-farnesyl]-L-cysteine. It is a L-cysteine derivative and an alpha-amino acid ester. It derives from a S-[(2E,6E)-farnesyl]-L-cysteine. 
3-(indol-3-yl)pyruvic acid is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid substituted by a 1H-indol-3-yl group at position 3. It has been found in Lycopersicon esculentum It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(indol-3-yl)pyruvate. 
it is the (5S)- (active) enantiomer of zopiclone. Unlike almost all other hypnotic sedatives, which are approved only for the relief of short-term (6-8 weeks) insomnia, it is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for long-term use. It has a role as a sedative and a central nervous system depressant. It is an enantiomer of a (5R)-zopiclone. it is a nonbenzodiazepine, cyclopyrrolone and active stereoisomer of zopiclone with hypnotic and sedative activity and without significant anxiolytic activity. Although the exact mechanism of action remains to be fully elucidated, it is able to bind to and activate the omega-1 subtype of the alpha subunit of the gamma-aminobutyric acid-benzodiazepine GABA receptor complex (GABA-A), a chloride ionophore complex in the central nervous system (CNS). This leads to the opening of chloride channels, causing hyperpolarization, inhibition of neuronal firing, and enhancement of the inhibitory effect of GABA. This eventually leads to a hypnotic effect and allows for an induction of sleep. 
it appears as colorless or white colored needles that turn red or purple in air. Melting point 64-66 C. Density 1.14 g / cm3. Flash point 280 F. May irritate skin and eyes. Toxic by skin absorption, inhalation or ingestion. Used in aramid fiber manufacture, as a polymer additive, dye manufacturing, as a laboratory reagent, and in photography. it is a phenylenediamine taht is benzene substituted at positions 1 and 3 with amino functions. 
it is a hydrochloride salt prepared from equimolar amounts of trazodone and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a H1-receptor antagonist, an adrenergic antagonist, a sedative and an antidepressant. It contains a trazodone. it is the hydrochloride salt form of trazodone, a synthetic triazolopyridine derivative with antidepressant and sedative properties. Based on studies from animal models, trazodone selectively inhibits the re-uptake of serotonin by synaptosomes in the brain, thereby increasing serotonin levels in the synaptic cleft and potentiating serotonin activity. Trazodone is not a monoamine oxidase inhibitor and, unlike amphetamine-type drugs, does not stimulate the central nervous system. The sedative effect of trazodone is likely via alpha-adrenergic and mild histamine H1 blocking actions. 
it is a pyridinium salt that has N-hexadecylpyridinium as the cation and chloride as the anion. It has antiseptic properties and is used in solutions or lozenges for the treatment of minor infections of the mouth and throat. It has a role as an antiseptic drug and a surfactant. It is a chloride salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains a cetylpyridinium. it is the chloride salt form of cetylpyridinium, a quaternary ammonium with broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity. Upon topical administration, it is positively charged and reacts with the negatively charged microbial cell surfaces, thereby destroying the integrity of the cell membrane. This causes leakage of intracellular components leading to microbial cell death. 
it is a tertiary amine oxide resulting from the oxidation of the non-acylated nitrogen of strychnine. It is a metabolite of strychnine. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an organic heteroheptacyclic compound, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and a tertiary amine oxide. It derives from a strychnine. 
1-Methyl-4-(1-methyl-2-propenyl)-benzene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. 1-Methyl-4-(1-methyl-2-propenyl)-benzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1-Methyl-4-(1-methyl-2-propenyl)-benzene has been primarily detected in saliva. Within the cell, 1-methyl-4-(1-methyl-2-propenyl)-benzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol in which both the 1- and 2-acyl groups are specified as octanoyl. Formula C19H36O5. It is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol and a dioctanoylglycerol. It is an enantiomer of a 2,3-dioctanoyl-sn-glycerol. 
it is an erythromycin that consists of erythronolide A having 2,6-dideoxy-3-C-methyl-alpha-L-ribo-hexopyranosyl and 3,4,6-trideoxy-3-(dimethylamino)-beta-D-xylo-hexopyranosyl residues attahced at positions 4 and 6 respectively. It derives from an erythronolide A. It is a conjugate base of an erythromycin C(1+). 
it is an inositol having myo- configuration substituted at position 5 by a phosphate group. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a proanthocyanidin that is a doubly linked dimer composed of (-)-epicatechin and (-)-epigallocatechin as its flavanol units. Isolated from the wood of Xanthoceras sorbifolium, it exhibits inhibitory activity towards HIV-1 protease. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV protease inhibitor. It derives from a (-)-epigallocatechin and a (-)-epicatechin. 
it appears as odorless yellow crystals or powder. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is a dihydropyridine, a methyl ester and a C-nitro compound. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker, a vasodilator agent, a tocolytic agent and a human metabolite. it is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocking agent. it inhibits the transmembrane influx of extracellular calcium ions into myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cells, causing dilatation of the main coronary and systemic arteries and decreasing myocardial contractility. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in some multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of its that is D-arginine in which one of the hydrogens of attached to the alpha-amino group has been replaced by a benzoyl group. It is a member of benzamides and a member of its. It is an enantiomer of a N-benzoyl-L-arginine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a pyrido[4,3-b]indole compound having a 5-methyl-1H-imidazol-4-ylmethyl group at the 2-position. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, an antiemetic and a gastrointestinal drug. It is a pyridoindole and a member of imidazoles. it is a potent and selective 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. it blocks the actions of serotonin at 5-HT3 sites in the peripheral nervous system, particularly on enteric and nociceptive sensory neurons, thereby affecting the regulation of visceral pain, decreasing gastrointestinal contraction and motility, and decreasing gastrointestinal secretions. This agent is used to treat diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome in women. 
it is a cephalosporin compound having pyridinium-1-ylmethyl and 2-thienylacetamido side-groups. A first-generation semisynthetic derivative of cephalosporin C. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin, a semisynthetic derivative and a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen. it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Chlorpyrifos methyl appears as colorless crystals. Corrosive to copper, brass, iron, and tin plate. Used as an insecticide. it is an organic thiophosphate that is O,O-dimethyl hydrogen phosphorothioate in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a 3,5,6-trichloropyridin-2-yl group. It has a role as an agrochemical, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an acaricide and an insecticide. It is an organic thiophosphate and a chloropyridine. 
it is the R- (less active) enantiomer of ketamine. It has a role as an intravenous anaesthetic, an analgesic and a NMDA receptor antagonist. It is an enantiomer of an esketamine. 
(-)-Quebrachamine, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quebrachamine alkaloids. These are alkaloids with a structure based on the quebrachamine skeleton, a tetracyclic compound that is derived by fission of the 7, 21 bond of the aspidospermidine skeleton. Some quebrachamine alkaloids lack the C-16 methoxycarbonyl group (-)-Quebrachamine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (-)-quebrachamine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) (-)-Quebrachamine has a bitter taste. 
4, 5-Dimethyl-2-pentyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 4, 5-Dimethyl-2-pentyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4, 5-dimethyl-2-pentyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4, 5-dimethyl-2-pentyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 4, 5-dimethyl-2-pentyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N(6),N(6)-dimethyladenosine is a methyladenosine compound with two methyl groups attached to N(6) of the adenine nucleobase. It derives from an adenosine. 
A tetraiodofluorescein used as a red coloring in some foods (cherries, fish), as a disclosure of DENTAL PLAQUE, and as a stain of some cell types. It has structural similarity to THYROXINE. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiolanes. These are organic compounds containing thiolane, a five-member saturated ring containing four carbon atoms and a sulfur atom. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
, also known as fema 2706, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. Thus, is considered to be a fatty acid lipid molecule. is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. has a butter, cheese, and green taste. 
it is a hydroxypiperidine that is deoxynojirimycin in which the amino hydrogen is replaced by a butyl group. It has a role as an EC 2.4.1.80 (ceramide glucosyltransferase) inhibitor and an anti-HIV agent. It is a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a duvoglustat. it is a synthetic, N-alkylated imino analogue of D-glucose. it competitively and reversibly binds to and inhibits the activity of UDP-glucose ceramide glucosyltransferase, which catalyzes the initial step in the synthesis of glycosphingolipids (GSL). This leads to a decrease in the production of glycosphingolipid, which has important roles in various cellular processes. it can be used in substrate reduction therapy in diseases in which the enzyme glucocerebrosidase, that is responsible for the breakdown of GSL, is deficient. 
it is a member of the class of pyrroles carrying chloro and 3-chloro-2-nitrophenyl substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antifungal drug. It is a member of pyrroles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a C-nitro compound and an indole alkaloid. it is a pyrrole antifungal agent isolated from several Pseudomonas species. it interrupts the terminal electron transport system and inhibits cellular respiration. This agent has activity against dermatophytic fungi, especially species of Trichophyton. 
it is an acyclic carotene commonly obtained from tomatoes and other red fruits. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It contains a carotenoid. psi-end group. it is a linear, unsaturated hydrocarbon carotenoid, the major red pigment in fruits such as tomatoes, pink grapefruit, apricots, red oranges, watermelon, rosehips, and guava. As a class, carotenoids are pigment compounds found in photosynthetic organisms (plants, algae, and some types of fungus), and are chemically characterized by a large polyene chain containing 35-40 carbon atoms; some carotenoid polyene chains are terminated by two 6-carbon rings. In animals, carotenoids such as it may possess antioxidant properties which may retard aging and many degenerative diseases. As an essential nutrient, it is required in the animal diet. (NCI04) 
it appears as a colorless to light yellow colored liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. 
it is an ethyl 2-(dimethylamino)-1-phenylcyclohex-3-ene-1-carboxylate that has S configuration at the carbon bearing the phenyl group and R configuration at the carbon bearing the dimethylamino group. The opioid analgesic tilidine is the racemate comprising equimolar amounts of it and its enantiomer, ent-it. A prodrug, tilidine is converted by the liver to the active analgesic, nortilidine; virtually all of the opioid activity resides in the (1S,2R) isomer (i.e. the isomer derived from it). It has a role as an opioid analgesic and a prodrug. It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid that is butanoic acid substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite derived from the isoleucine metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acid, a branched-chain saturated fatty acid and a hydroxy fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-ethylhydracrylate. 
Perchlorates are colorless salts that have no odor. There are five perchlorate salts that are manufactured in large amounts: magnesium perchlorate, potassium perchlorate, ammonium perchlorate, sodium perchlorate, and it. Perchlorate salts are solids that dissolve easily in water. The health effects of perchlorate salts are due to the perchlorate itself and not to the other component (i. e. , magnesium, ammonium, potassium, etc. ). One place where perchlorate occurs naturally is in saltpeter deposits in Chile, where the saltpeter is used to make fertilizer. In the past, the United States used a lot of this fertilizer on tobacco plants, but now uses very little. Perchlorates are very reactive chemicals that are used mainly in explosives, fireworks, and rocket motors. The solid booster rocket of the space shuttle is almost 70% ammonium perchlorate. Perchlorates are also used for making other chemicals. Many years ago, perchlorate was used as a medication to treat an over-reactive thyroid gland. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzofurans. Dibenzofurans are compounds containing a dibenzofuran moiety, which consists of two benzene rings fused to a central furan ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the 10-methochloride salt of 3,6-diaminoacridine. Note that a mixture of this compound with 3,6-diaminoacridine (proflavine) is known as acriflavine or neutral acriflavine. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antiseptic drug, a carcinogenic agent, an intercalator and a histological dye. It contains a 3,6-diamino-10-methylacridinium. 
it is a it and the trans-isomer of oleic acid. It has a role as a food component. It is a conjugate acid of an elaidate and an Octadec-9-enoic acid anion. It derives from a hydride of a trans-octadec-9-ene. 
it is a pterin phosphate, a member of neopterins and a dihydropterin. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of cadaverine with 2 mol eq. of hydrogen chloride. It contains a cadaverine(2+). 
it is a benzenetriol that is phenethylamine in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4, and 5 on the phenyl ring are replaced by hydroxy groups. It occurs naturally in human urine, but is also produced as a metabolite of the drug DOPA (used for the treatment of Parkinson's disease). It has a role as a neurotoxin, a human metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a primary amino compound, a benzenetriol and a catecholamine. It derives from a dopamine. it is an antagonist of the neurotransmitter dopamine with potential antineoplastic activity. it (6-HOD) can be taken up by selective adrenergic terminals, thereby causing acute degeneration of adrenergic terminals that leads to depletion of norepinephrine, and of dopamine in the dopamine-sensitive sites. This agent is auto-oxidated at physiological pH that leads to the formation of reactive free radicals, thereby leading to cytotoxicity in neural cells. it is often used to induce CNS and sympathetic neural lesions that model aging and various nervous disorders in animal systems. 
it appears as a white, crystalline solid or powder. Classified as a division 1.1 explosive if powdered into particles smaller than 15 microns in diameter or if powdered into larger particles but thoroughly dried. Does not readily burn, but will burn if contaminated by combustible material. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Used to make rocket propellants, explosives, pyrotechnics, as an etching and engraving agent, and in analytical chemistry. 
Strychnine sulfate appears as colorless, odorless, very bitter crystals or white crystalline powder. Has been used as a tonic and stimulant in veterinary medicine. Registered as a rodenticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is an acetate ester that is octyl acetate substituted by a chloro group at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an acetate ester and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a quinazoline that consists of 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinazolin-4-one bearing additional methyl, 2-tolyl, sulfamyl and chloro substituents at positions 2, 3, 6 and 7 respectively. A quinazoline diuretic, with properties similar to thiazide diuretics. It has a role as a diuretic, an antihypertensive agent and an ion transport inhibitor. It is a member of quinazolines, an organochlorine compound and a sulfonamide. it is a long acting, quinazoline-based sulfonamide thiazide-like, diuretic. Similar to the thiazides, it acts on the distal convoluted tubule (DCT) and inhibits the sodium-chloride symporter, thereby preventing sodium and chloride reabsorption and excretion of water. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is cyclopentane substituted at position 1 by amino and carboxy groups. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.6 (methionine adenosyltransferase) inhibitor. it is a non-metabolizable synthetic amino acid, formed through the cyclization of the amino acid leucine, with immunosuppressive, antineoplastic, and cytostatic activities. it competitively inhibits the enzyme methionine adenosyltransferase, resulting in the inhibition of S-adenosylmethionine (SAM) synthesis from methionine and ATP, and subsequent nucleic acid methylation and polyamine production; RNA, and perhaps to a lesser extent, DNA biosyntheses and cell cycle progression are finally disrupted. This agent is also a competitive inhibitor at the glycine modulatory site of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is propanoic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a nitro group. It has a role as a neurotoxin, an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, an antimycobacterial drug and a mycotoxin. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-nitropropanoate. It is a tautomer of a 3-aci-nitropropanoic acid. 
it is guanosine substituted at the purine 8-position by a hydroxy group. It is used as a biomarker of oxidative DNA damage. It has a role as a biomarker. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydroisoquinolines. These are tetrahydrogenated isoquinoline derivatives. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products, sacred lotus, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a diastereoisomeric mixture comprising equimolar amounts of L-(R)- and L-(S)-it. It is a systemic fungicide, specific to oomycetes, used on potatoes and grape vines. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a diastereoisomeric mixture, a valinamide fungicide and a carbamate fungicide. It contains a L-(R)-it and a L-(S)-it. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides. Fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides are compounds composed of a mono- or disaccharide moiety linked to one hydroxyl group of a fatty alcohol or of a phosphorylated alcohol (phosphoprenols), a hydroxy fatty acid or to one carboxyl group of a fatty acid (ester linkage) or to an amino alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a cucurbitacin in which a lanostane skeleton is multi-substituted with hydroxy, methyl and oxo substituents, with unsaturation at positions 5 and 23; a hydroxy function at C-25 is acetylated. It is a cucurbitacin, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 
it is a quinolone, a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, a dichlorobenzene, an aromatic ether and a delta-lactam. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, a serotonergic agonist, a second generation antipsychotic and a drug metabolite. it is a quinoline derivate and atypical anti-psychotic agent. it has partial agonistic activity at dopamine D2 receptors and serotonin 5-HT1A receptors, as well as potent antagonistic activity on serotonin 5-HT2A receptors. This drug stabilizes dopamine and serotonin activity in the limbic and cortical system. it is used in managing symptoms of schizophrenia and of acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorders. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Migraine. It is an antagonist of the receptor for calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), a primary neuropeptide involved in the pathophysiology of migraine. CGRP and its receptors are found in areas of the central and peripheral nervous system that are important for the transmission of migraine pain. During migraine attacks, CGRP activates these receptors and facilitates the transmission of pain impulses. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propanoic acid; the active stereoisomer of the racemic herbicide mecoprop. It has a role as a phenoxy herbicide. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propanoate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-mecoprop. 
N-propanolamine is a colorless to pale yellow liquid with a fishy odor. Less dense than water. Melting point 12.4Â°C (54Â°F). Moderately toxic by ingestion. it is a member of the class of propanolamines that is propane with a hydroxy substituent at C-1 and an amino substituent at C-2, making it both a primary amine and a primary alcohol. It is a primary alcohol, a primary amine and a propanolamine. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxyphenylacetic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxyphenylacetic acid. 
it is a cholesteryl glycoside in which cholesterol is linked glycosidically via its 3-hydroxy group to 6-O-myristoyl-alpha-D-glucose. Produced naturally by Helicobacter pylori, a bacteria that colonizes the stomach and which is associated with protection against asthma, it is also chemically synthesized as it. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is insoluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used to make plastics and foams and for other uses. it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is the 1,4-dicarboxy derivative of butane. It has a role as a food acidity regulator and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an adipate(1-). 
it is an azaarene that is the 2,3-diaza analogue of naphthalene. The parent of the class of its. It is a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent, a member of its, an azaarene and an ortho-fused heteroarene. 
Pemetrexed is a parenterally administered folate antagonist and antineoplastic agent, used in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer and malignant mesothelioma. Pemetrexed therapy has been associated with moderate rates of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but has not been convincingly linked to instances of acute, clinically apparent liver injury. it is the disodium salt of a synthetic pyrimidine-based antifolate. Pemetrexed binds to and inhibits the enzyme thymidylate synthase (TS) which catalyses the methylation of 2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (dUMP) to 2'-deoxythymidine-5'-monophosphate (dTMP), an essential precursor in DNA synthesis. 
it is an acetate ester obtained via formal condensation of the allylic hydroxy function of coniferol with acetic acid. It is an acetate ester, a coniferyl ester and a member of phenols. It derives from a coniferol. 
it is the D-enantiomer of glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a D-glycerate. It is an enantiomer of a L-glyceric acid. 
it is a carbohydrate-containing antibiotic, an anthracycline antibiotic, an aureolic acid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitor and a metabolite. it is an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces plicatus with antineoplastic activity. it, also known as it, binds to the minor groove of DNA at GC-rich sites, resulting in inhibition of RNA synthesis; this agent also inhibits mRNA expression, resulting in a reduction in protein synthesis. In addition, plicamycin may inhibit bone resorption by down regulating transcription of c-src, an oncogene involved in bone metabolism and resorption. (NCI04) 
Beta-D-fructofuranose 1-phosphate is a D-fructofuranose 1-phosphate in which the anomeric centre has beta-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-D-fructofuranose 1-phosphate(2-). 
it is a methyl ester, an indole alkaloid, an alkaloid ester and a beta-D-glucoside. It is a conjugate acid of a 3alpha(S)-strictosidinium(1+). 
Lanreotide is a synthetic polypeptide analogue of somatostatin that resembles the native hormone in its ability to suppress levels and activity of growth hormone, insulin, glucagon and many other gastrointestinal peptides. Because its half-life is longer than somatostatin, lanreotide can be used clinically to treat neuroendocrine tumors that secrete excessive amounts of growth hormone (acromegaly) or other active hormones or neuropeptides. Lanreotide has many side effects including suppression of gall bladder contractility and bile production, and maintenance therapy may cause cholelithiasis and pancreatitis as well accompanying liver injury. it is a synthetic long-acting cyclic octapeptide with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin. it is a more potent inhibitor of growth hormone, glucagon, and insulin than somatostatin. Similar to somatostatin, this agent also suppresses the luteinizing hormone response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone, decreases splanchnic blood flow, and inhibits the release of serotonin, gastrin, vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP), secretin, motilin, pancreatic polypeptide, and thyroid stimulating hormone. 
it is a substituted aniline that is 3-nitroanisole in which the hydrogen para to the methoxy group is replaced by an amino group. It is a member of 3-nitroanisoles and a substituted aniline. 
A co-polymer that consists of varying ratios of polylactic acid and polyglycolic acid. It is used as a matrix for drug delivery and for BONE REGENERATION. 
Quetiapine Fumarate is the fumarate salt form of quetiapine, a dibenzothiazepine derivative with antipsychotic property. Quetiapine fumarate antagonizes serotonin activity mediated by 5-HT 1A and 5-HT2 receptors. With a lower affinity, this agent also reversibly binds to dopamine D1 and D2 receptors in the mesolimbic and mesocortical areas of the brain leading to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, quetiapine fumarate also binds to other alpha-1, alpha-2 adrenergic and histamine H1 receptors. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion that is the conjugate base of galactarate(1-). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a galactaric acid anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of a galactarate(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in citrus, fruits, mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), and sweet orange. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a tetrahydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide obtained by formal stereo- and regioselective hydration across the 2,3-double bond in the nicotinyl ring of NADPH, with the hydroxy group located at position 2, having (S)-configuration. It is a tetrahydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide and a hemiaminal. It derives from a NADPH. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is the hydrochloride salt of (+)-pilocarpine, a medication used to treat increased pressure inside the eye and dry mouth. It contains a (+)-pilocarpine. it is the hydrochloride salt of a natural alkaloid extracted from plants of the genus Pilocarpus with cholinergic agonist activity. As a cholinergic parasympathomimetic agent, pilocarpine predominantly binds to muscarinic receptors, thereby inducing exocrine gland secretion and stimulating smooth muscle in the bronchi, urinary tract, biliary tract, and intestinal tract. When applied topically to the eye, this agent stimulates the sphincter pupillae to contract, resulting in miosis; stimulates the ciliary muscle to contract, resulting in spasm of accomodation; and may cause a transitory rise in intraocular pressure followed by a more persistent fall due to opening of the trabecular meshwork and an increase in the outflow of aqueous humor. 
it is a derivative of adenosine in which the 5'-hydroxymethyl group is replaced by an N-ethylcarboxamido group. It has a role as an adenosine A1 receptor agonist, an adenosine A2A receptor agonist, an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a vasodilator agent. It is a member of adenosines and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an adenosine. 
it, also known as it or 4-hydroxy-benzenepropanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-hydroxy-2-unsubstituted benzenoids. These are phenols that are unsubstituted at the 2-position. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ite is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ite can be found in cherimoya. This makes ite a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organoarsonic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a methylarsonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
2&#39;,3&#39;-didehydro-3&#39;-deoxythymidine appears as white crystalline solid or powder. Odorless. (NTP, 1992) it is a nucleoside analogue obtained by formal dehydration across positions 2 and 3 of thymidine. An inhibitor of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase It has a role as an antimetabolite, an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor and an antiviral agent. It is an organic molecular entity, a nucleoside analogue and a dihydrofuran. It derives from a thymine. it is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of thymidine. it has been recommended to undergo phase-out management due to its long-term, irreversible side-effects. 
it is an imidazoline that is 2-amino 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazoline in which one of the exocyclic amino hydrogens has been replaced by a 4-amino-2,6-dichlorophenyl group. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, an antiglaucoma drug, an ophthalmology drug, a beta-adrenergic agonist and a diagnostic agent. It is a member of imidazolines, a dichlorobenzene and a member of guanidines. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a clonidine derivative with selective alpha-2-adrenergic agonistic activity. Upon ocular administration, it enhances aqueous humor uveoscleral outflow and decreases aqueous production by vasoconstriction. This may decrease intraocular pressure (IOP). 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of alpha-aminobutyric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an alpha-aminobutyric acid. 
it is the sodium salt form of phenytoin, a hydantoin derivate and non-sedative antiepileptic agent with anticonvulsant activity. it promotes sodium efflux from neurons located in the motor cortex, thereby stabilizing the neuron and inhibiting synaptic transmission. This leads to a reduction in posttetanic potentiation at synapses, an inhibition of repetitive firing of action potentials and ultimately inhibits the spread of seizure activity. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of phenanthridines. It has a role as an intercalator and a fluorochrome. 
it is a hydrochloride salt prepared from anileridine and 2 equivalents of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It contains an anileridine(2+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of anileridine, an opioid receptor agonist belonging to the piperidine class with analgesic activity. By binding to and activating opioid receptors in the central nervous sytem (CNS), anileridine mimics the endogenous opioids resulting in a decrease of nociceptve neurotransmitters and eventually an analgesic effect. 
1-oleoylglycerol is a 1-monoglyceride where the acyl group is oleoyl. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 1-acylglycerol 18:1 and a monooleoylglycerol. It derives from an oleic acid. 
Etozolin is an organonitrogen compound and an organooxygen compound. It derives from an alpha-amino acid. Etozolin is a long-acting loop diuretic. Etozolin appears to be rapidly metabolized to its active metabolite ozolinone. 
it is an S-alkyl-CoA having carboxymethyl as the S-alkyl component. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite and an EC 2.3.3.1 [citrate (Si)-synthase] inhibitor. 
A cationic cytochemical stain specific for cell nuclei, especially DNA. It is used as a supravital stain and in fluorescence cytochemistry. It may cause mutations in microorganisms. 
it is under investigation for the prevention of Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML). it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of Janus kinase 2 (JAK2) and the JAK2 mutant JAK2V617F with potential antineoplastic activity. Oral JAK2 inhibitor it competes with JAK2 for ATP binding, which may result in inhibition of JAK2 activation, inhibition of the JAK-STAT signaling pathway, and so caspase-dependent apoptosis. JAK2 is the most common mutated gene in bcr-abl-negative myeloproliferative disorders; the JAK2V617F gain-of-function mutation involves a valine-to-phenylalanine modification at position 617. The JAK-STAT signaling pathway is a major mediator of cytokine activity. 
ADP-Glucose, also known as adpg or ADP glucose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleotide sugars. These are purine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. ADP-Glucose is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ADP-glucose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a benzoic acid carrying trifluoromethyl substituents at the 2- and 5-positions. It is a member of benzoic acids and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it is 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid consisting of lactic acid having a 6-hydroxyindol-3-yl group at the 3-position. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(6-hydroxyindol-3-yl)lactate. 
Protodioscin, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Protodioscin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Protodioscin has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, protodioscin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, protodioscin can be found in common beet and green vegetables. This makes protodioscin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aromatic ether that is 4-methoxyphenol in which one of the hydrogens ortho- to the methoxy group is replaced by a tert-butyl group. It is a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 
Nystatin is a topical and oral antifungal agent with activity against many species of yeast and candida albicans, which is used largely to treat skin and oropharyngeal candidiasis. Nystatin is not absorbed orally and has not been linked to drug induced liver injury. 
it appears as white crystalline solid or off-white chunky solid with black specks and a pungent odor. Average shelf life 1 year in a closed container. (NTP, 1992) 
it is the methyl ester of guvacine. It has a role as a muscarinic agonist and a plant metabolite. It is a beta-amino acid ester, a methyl ester, an enoate ester, a tetrahydropyridine, a secondary amino compound, an alpha,beta-unsaturated carboxylic ester and a pyridine alkaloid. It derives from a guvacine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzofuranones. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a furanone. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a monohydroxycinnamic acid in which the hydroxy substituent is located at C-2 of the phenyl ring. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-coumarate. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is acetate where the methyl group has been hydroxylated. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a glycolic acid. 
it is a lignan that is 5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthalen-2-ol substituted by hydroxymethyl groups at positions 6 and 7, a methoxy group at position 3 and a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl group at position 8. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a polyphenol, a primary alcohol and a member of guaiacols. 
it is a D-mannopyranose in which the anomeric centre has beta-configuration. It has a role as an epitope. It is an enantiomer of a beta-L-mannose. 
it is a p-menthane monoterpenoid in which p-menthane carries hydroxy groups at C-3 and C-8. It derives from a hydride of a p-menthane. 
P-aminocyclohexylmethane appears as a colorless viscous oily liquid with almost no odor. Contact with the skin, eyes and mucous membranes causes severe chemical burns. Toxic by skin absorption. Toxic ammonia and nitrogen oxides may be released upon exposure to fire. 
it appears as a yellow to yellowish red gas. Liquefies at -5.5Â°C. Very toxic by inhalation. Noncombustible, but accelerates burning of combustible material. Decomposed by water to form corrosive hydrochloric acid. Vapors heavier than air. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat can cause containers to rupture violently and rocket . 
it is a methoxynaphthalene that is 2-methoxynaphthalene substituted by a carboxy ethyl group at position 6. it is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug commonly used for the reduction of pain, fever, inflammation and stiffness caused by conditions such as osteoarthritis, kidney stones, rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, gout, ankylosing spondylitis, menstrual cramps, tendinitis, bursitis, and for the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea. It works by inhibiting both the COX-1 and COX-2 enzymes. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antipyretic, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a non-narcotic analgesic, a gout suppressant, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a drug allergen. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a methoxynaphthalene. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a propionic acid derivative and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic activities. it inhibits the activity of the enzymes cyclo-oxygenase I and II, resulting in a decreased formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes. The resulting decrease in prostaglandin synthesis is responsible for the therapeutic effects of it. it also causes a decrease in the formation of thromboxane A2 synthesis, by thromboxane synthase, thereby inhibiting platelet aggregation. 
it is a disaccharide derivative that is 6-O-beta-D-xylopyranosyl-beta-D-glucopyranose having an (R)-mandelonitrile group at the anomeric position. It is a glycoside and a disaccharide derivative. It derives from a (R)-mandelonitrile. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. Thus, is considered to be an oxygenated hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). has a citrus and fatty taste. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy group is replaced by a 4,5-dihydroxy-2-(hydroxymethyl)-10-oxo-9,10-dihydroanthracen-9-yl moiety (the 9R diastereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite and a laxative. It is a C-glycosyl compound, a member of anthracenes, a cyclic ketone and a member of phenols. 
Solanine is a glycoalkaloid poison found in species of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), such as the potato (Solanum tuberosum). It is a trisccharide derivative of solanidine [(22beta)-solanid-5-en-3beta-ol]. It has a role as a phytotoxin, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is a steroid saponin, a trisaccharide derivative and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. It derives from a solanidine. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid and a beta-diketone. It derives from an oct-2-enedioic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-it(2-). 
it, also known as allyl alpha-toluate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-propenyl phenylacetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, fruity, and honey taste. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is succinic acid in which the hydroxy group of one of the carboxy groups is replaced by a pyridin-3-yl group. A byproduct of tobacco-specific N-nitrosamines generated by cytochrome P-450 which catalyzes methylnitrosaminopyridylbutanone hydroxylation, this nicotine metabolite is commonly found in the urine of smokers. It is a member of pyridines, a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a 4-oxo-4-(pyridin-3-yl)butanal. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-oxo-4-(pyridin-3-yl)butanoate. 
it is a colorless liquid that solidifies below -19Â° C. Decomposes at 70Â°C. Flammable and a dangerous fire risk. Heating may cause explosion. Used as a polymerization initiator. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the ethyl ester of [(1R,3aR,4aR,6R,8aR,9S,9aS)-9-{(E)-2-[5-(3-fluorophenyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethynyl}-1-methyl-3-oxododecahydronaphtho[2,3-c]furan-6-yl]carbamic acid. A protease-activated receptor-1 antagonist used (as its sulfate salt) for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI) or with peripheral arterial disease. It has been shown to reduce the rate of a combined endpoint of cardiovascular death, MI, stroke and urgent coronary revascularisation. It has a role as a protease-activated receptor-1 antagonist, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a cardiovascular drug. It is a member of pyridines, a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound, a naphthofuran and a lactone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a synthetic, benzimidazole-derived angiotensin II receptor antagonist prodrug with antihypertensive activity. After hydrolysis of it to candesartan during gastrointestinal absorption, candesartan selectively competes with angiotensin II for the binding of the angiotensin II receptor subtype 1 (AT1) in vascular smooth muscle, blocking angiotensin II-mediated vasoconstriction and inducing vasodilatation. In addition, antagonism of AT1 in the adrenal gland inhibits angiotensin II-stimulated aldosterone synthesis and secretion by the adrenal cortex; sodium and water excretion increase, followed by a reduction in plasma volume and blood pressure. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by an ethynyl group. It causes the irreversible inactivation of gamma-cystathionase (also known as cystathionine gamma-lyase) and is used as an affinity labeling reagent for gamma-cystathionase and other enzymes. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.2 (L-amino-acid oxidase) inhibitor, an EC 2.6.1.2 (alanine transaminase) inhibitor and an EC 2.5.1.48 (cystathionine gamma-synthase) inhibitor. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a benzazepine and a tetracyclic antidepressant. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, a histamine antagonist, an anxiolytic drug, a H1-receptor antagonist and a oneirogen. it is a synthetic tetracyclic derivative of the piperazino-azepines with antidepressant activity. Although its mechanism of action is unknown, it enhances central adrenergic and serotonergic transmission, possibly by acting as an antagonist at central presynaptic alpha 2 adrenergic inhibitory autoreceptors and heteroreceptors. This agent is a potent antagonist of 5-hydroxytryptamine type 2 (5-HT2), 5-HT3, and histamine 1 (H1) receptors, and a moderate antagonist of peripheral alpha 1 adrenergic and muscarinic receptors. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
Watery odorless colorless liquid. Floats on and dissolves slowly in water. (USCG, 1999) it is an alkyl hydroperoxide in which the alkyl group is tert-butyl. It is widely used in a variety of oxidation processes. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an oxidising agent. 
it is a secondary carboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-(N,N-dimethylcarbamimidoyl)benzoic acid with the amino group of 2-amino-N-(5-chloropyridin-2-yl)-5-methoxybenzamide. A synthetic anticoagulant compound that targets activated factor Xa in the coagulation cascade. It has a role as an anticoagulant and an EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor. It is a member of guanidines, a member of benzamides, a secondary carboxamide, a monochloropyridine and a monomethoxybenzene. it is an orally active inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. it is primarily excreted unchanged in the bile and has a half life of about 19 hours. 
it is a marmesin with R-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a rat metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-marmesin. 
it is a synthetic broad-spectrum antibiotic with antibacterial, anticoagulant and potential antiangiogenic activities. it, derived from the amino acid taurine, binds to and neutralizes bacterial exotoxins and endotoxins, or lipopolysaccharides (LPS). it binding to LPS prevents bacterial adherence to host epithelial cells, thereby prevents bacterial invasion of uninfected host cells. Although the mechanism underlying its antineoplastic activity has not been fully elucidated, it may be related to this agent's anti-adherence property. In addition, it also promotes apoptosis by inducing various apoptotic factors and suppresses the production of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), a protein that plays an important role in angiogenesis. 
it is a cephalosporin antibacterial drug and exerts a mechanism of action similar to other Î²-lactam antibiotics. Unlike other agents in this category, it is a siderophore able to undergo active transport into the bacterial cell through iron channels. It represents a significant addition to antibacterial treatment option as it has proven to be effective *in vitro* against multidrug resistant strains including extended spectrum Î²-lactamase producers and carbapenemase producing bacteria.  it was granted designation as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product and granted priority review status by the FDA on November 14, 2019. It is indicated for use in complicated urinary tract infections in patients with limited or no alternative treatments available. This indication was supported by a positive clinical trial composed of 448 patients with complicated urinary tract infections which demonstrated a 72.6% rate of symptom resolution and bacterial eradication with it compared to 54.6% with the comparator, imipenem/cilastatin. A concern noted in the trial was a 0.3% higher rate of all cause mortality, the cause of which has not been determined. 
it is an isoquinoline that is 3,4-dihydroisoquinoline bearing amidino and hydroxy substituent at positions 2 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a carboxamidine, a member of isoquinolines and a secondary alcohol. 
it appears as yellow prisms or plates (from chloroform or ligroin) or pale yellow granules. Alkaline solutions turn from yellow to orange. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydroxycinnamic acid that is cinnamic acid in which the phenyl ring is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 4. It exists in cis and trans forms; the latter is the more common. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an antioxidant and an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor. It is a hydroxycinnamic acid and a member of catechols. it is an orally bioavailable, hydroxycinnamic acid derivative and polyphenol, with potential anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it acts as an antioxidant and prevents oxidative stress, thereby preventing DNA damage induced by free radicals. it targets and inhibits the histone demethylase (HDM) oncoprotein gene amplified in squamous cell carcinoma 1 (GASC1; JMJD2C; KDM4C) and inhibits cancer cell proliferation. GASC1, a member of the KDM4 subgroup of Jumonji (Jmj) domain-containing proteins, demethylates trimethylated lysine 9 and lysine 36 on histone H3 (H3K9 and H3K36), and plays a key role in tumor cell development. 
it is an organic sodium salt and a carbonate salt. it is the disodium salt of carbonic acid with alkalinizing property. When dissolved in water, it forms carbonic acid and sodium hydroxide. As a strong base, sodium hydroxide neutralizes gastric acid thereby acting as an antacid. 
it appears as a white granular or powdery solid with a sharp odor of sulfur dioxide. Decomposes at 150 to 190Â°C. Density 2.3 g / cm3. Contact severely irritates skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Low toxicity. Used as a food preservative and an antioxidant. 
Terpenyl isovalerate, also known as fema 3054 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Terpenyl isovalerate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, terpenyl isovalerate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Terpenyl isovalerate has a sweet, bitter, and incense taste. 
its a monocarboxylic acid that is phenanthrene-1-carboxylic acid that is substituted by a methylenedioxy group at the 3,4 positions, by a methoxy group at position 8, and by a nitro group at position 10. It is the most abundant of the its and is found in almost all Aristolochia (birthworts or pipevines) species. It has been tried in a number of treatments for inflammatory disorders, mainly in Chinese and folk medicine. However, there is concern over their use as it is both carcinogenic and nephrotoxic. It has a role as a nephrotoxin, a carcinogenic agent, a mutagen, a toxin and a metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a C-nitro compound, a cyclic acetal, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an aromatic ether. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, hydroxycitronellol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, hydroxycitronellol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a diterpenoid that is hexadec-2-en-1-ol substituted by methyl groups at positions 3, 7, 11 and 15. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a schistosomicide drug and an algal metabolite. It is a diterpenoid and a long-chain primary fatty alcohol. it is an acyclic diterpene alcohol and a constituent of chlorophyll. it is commonly used as a precursor for the manufacture of synthetic forms of vitamin E and vitamin K1. Furthermore, phytol also was shown to modulate transcription in cells via transcription factors PPAR-alpha and retinoid X receptor (RXR). 
it is a colorless, odorless gas. It is shipped as a liquid under its own vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite to unprotected skin. It can asphyxiate by displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
it is the glycosyloxyflavone which is the 7-O-glucuronide of baicalein. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor, a prodrug and a plant metabolite. It is a glucosiduronic acid, a glycosyloxyflavone, a dihydroxyflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a baicalein. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monocyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing 1 ring in the isoprene chain. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products and nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pleasant fruity odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and for making other chemicals. 
it is a potassium salt comprising equal numbers of potassium and acetate ions It has a role as a food acidity regulator. It contains an acetate. it is the acetate salt form of potassium, an essential macromineral. Potassium maintains intracellular tonicity, is required for nerve conduction, cardiac, skeletal and smooth muscle contraction, production of energy, the synthesis of nucleic acids, maintenance of blood pressure and normal renal function. This agent has potential antihypertensive effects and when taken as a nutritional supplement may prevent hypokalemia. 
Methyl 2-(4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl)-5-methylbenzoate is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-(4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl)-5-methylbenzoic acid with methanol. It is a methyl ester and an imidazolone. It derives from a 2-(4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl)-5-methylbenzoic acid. 
N(alpha)-methyl-L-tryptophan is a N-methyl-L-alpha-amino acid that is the N(alpha)-methyl derivative of L-tryptophan. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a L-tryptophan derivative and a N-methyl-L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a N(alpha)-methyl-L-tryptophan zwitterion. 
it is a carbon oxoacid that consists of 1,2-diketocyclobut-3-ene bearing two enolic hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a carbon oxoacid and an alicyclic ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogensquarate. 
it is an epoxycarotenol that is found in brown seaweed and which exhibits anti-cancer, anti-diabetic, anti-oxidative and neuroprotective properties. It has a role as an algal metabolite, a CFTR potentiator, a food antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent, a hypoglycemic agent, an apoptosis inhibitor, a hepatoprotective agent, a marine metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an epoxycarotenol, an acetate ester, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and a member of allenes. 
ILX-295501 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ovarian Cancer, Metastatic Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Cavity Cancer. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is oleanane substituted at the 3beta-position by a hydroxy group and containing a double bond between positions 12 and 13. It is one of the most commonly occurring triterpenoids in higher plants. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is an aminonicotinic acid in which the amino group is situated at position 5 of the pyridine ring. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aromatic amine, an aminopyridine and an aminonicotinic acid. It derives from a nicotinic acid. 
it is the cation resulting from the protonation of the nitrogen atom of tert-butylamine. It is a conjugate acid of a tert-butylamine. 
it is a monoacyl alpha,alpha-trehalose in which the acyl group is specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl) and is located at position 2. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted at positions 4, 6 and 7 by a (4-benzamidophenyl)nitrilo group, methoxy group and a 3-(morpholin-4-yl)propoxy group, respectively. It is an ATP-competitive inhibitor of Aurora A and Aurora B kinases with IC50 of 110 nM and 130 nM, respectively. It has a role as an Aurora kinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of benzamides, a member of quinazolines, an aromatic ether, a member of morpholines, a polyether, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a perillyl alcohol in which the chiral centre has S configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-(+)-perillyl alcohol. 
it is a monohydroxypyridine that is pyridine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3, an aminomethyl group at position 4, a hydroxymethyl group at position 5 and a methyl group at position 2. The 4-aminomethyl form of vitamin B6, it is used (in the form of the hydrochloride salt) for treatment of diabetic nephropathy. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite, a mouse metabolite, an iron chelator and a nephroprotective agent. It is a hydroxymethylpyridine, a monohydroxypyridine, an aminoalkylpyridine and a vitamin B6. It is a conjugate base of a pyridoxaminium(1+). 
pan-PI3K/mTOR Inhibitor it is a water soluble, small-molecule prodrug containing the pan-PI3K/mTOR inhibitor LY294002/SF1101 conjugated to the RGD-containing tetra-peptide SF1174 with potential antineoplastic and antiangiogenic activities. The targeting peptide SF1174 moiety of pan-PI3K/mTOR inhibitor it selectively binds to cell surface integrins and, upon cell entry, the agent is hydrolyzed to the active drug SF1101; SF1101 selectively inhibits all isoforms of phosphoinositide-3-kinase (PI3K) and other members of the PI3K superfamily, such as the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) and DNA-PK. By inhibiting the PI3K signaling pathway, this agent may inhibit tumor cell and tumor endothelial cell proliferation and survival. 
it, also known as 18:1, N-9 or 9-octadecenoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as blood and urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from octadec-9-ene. it is also a parent compound for other transformation products, including but not limited to, 1-octadec-9-enoylglycero-3-phosphate, N-(2-hydroxy-1-methylethyl)-9-octadecenamide, and sterculic acid. 
it appears as a colorless, odorless gas at room conditions Shipped as a liquid confined under its own vapor pressure. Noncombustible. Nontoxic but can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a sulfoxide in which the S atom is substituted by a phenyl and (2,3-diphenylcyclopropyl)methyl group. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a sulfoxide, a member of cyclopropanes and a member of benzenes. 
3, 4-Dimethylheptane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 3, 4-Dimethylheptane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 4-dimethylheptane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3, 4-dimethylheptane can be found in green vegetables, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes 3, 4-dimethylheptane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is {4-[(propan-2-yl)(pyrazin-2-yl)amino]butoxy}acetic acid carrying two additional phenyl substituents at positions 5 and 6 on the pyrazine ring. The active metabolite of selexipag, an orphan drug used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It has a role as an orphan drug, a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a prostacyclin receptor agonist, a vasodilator agent and a drug metabolite. It is an aromatic amine, an ether, a member of pyrazines, a sulfonamide, a tertiary amino compound and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is the S-(4-coumaroyl) derivative of coenzyme A. It is a 2-enoyl-CoA and a monounsaturated fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a 4-coumaric acid and a cinnamoyl-CoA. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it, also known as acetyl-beta -sitosterol or sitosterol, beta, acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Beta-sitosterol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Beta-sitosterol acetate can be found in pulses. This makes Beta-sitosterol acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and about the same density as water. Used to make other chemicals. it is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of octanoic acid with the hydroxy group of methanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a fatty acid methyl ester and an octanoate ester. 
Serpentine is an indole alkaloid that is 18-oxayohimban dehydrogenated at positions 3, 4, 5, 6, 16 and 17 and substituted by a methyl group at the 19alpha position and by a methoxycarbonyl group at position 16. It is an indole alkaloid, a member of quinolizines, a carboxylic ester, an iminium betaine and a zwitterion. It is a conjugate base of a serpentine(1+). It derives from a hydride of a 18-oxayohimban. 
it, or YKP-3089, is an antiepileptic drug developed by SK Pharmaceuticals and used to treat partial onset seizures. The exact mechanism of action has not been described in the literature, though it positively modulates GABAA and inhibits voltage gated sodium channels.  it was granted FDA approval on 21 November 2019. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is fenbendazole in which the sulfur has been oxidised to the corresponding sulfoxide. It has a role as an antinematodal drug. It is a sulfoxide, a member of benzimidazoles and a carbamate ester. It derives from a fenbendazole. 
(10Z)-heptadecenoic acid is the cis-isomer of 10-heptadecenoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (10Z)-heptadecenoate. 
Calcium cyanamide is the calcium salt of cyanamide, formed when calcium carbide reacts with nitrogen It has a role as a fertilizer. It contains a cyanamide(2-). 
A neurotransmitter found at neuromuscular junctions, autonomic ganglia, parasympathetic effector junctions, a subset of sympathetic effector junctions, and at many sites in the central nervous system. 
Iodine I 124 is a radioactive isotope of iodine, a nonmetallic element of the halogen group, with an atomic mass of 124 and a half-life of 4.18 days with radioisotopic activity. Selectively accumulating in thyroid tissue, iodine I 124 emits positrons that can be detected by positron emission tomography (PET), allowing localization of thyroid tissue. This radioisotope also emits gamma rays. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Slightly denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Flash point below 75Â°F. When heated to high temperatures may emit toxic fumes. it is a bromoalkane that is propane carrying a bromo substituent at position 1. It has a role as a neurotoxin and a solvent. It is a bromoalkane and a bromohydrocarbon. 
it is an iodoalkane that is undecane substituted by an iodo group at position 1 and a methyl group at position 2. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamides that is 5-carbamimidamido-N-(naphthalen-2-yl)pentanamide in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 has been replaced by a benzamido group. It is a member of benzamides, a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide and an arginine derivative. 
it is an N-acylsulfonamide resulting from the formal condensation of valdecoxib with propionic acid. It is a prodrug for valdecoxib. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a prodrug. It is a member of isoxazoles and a N-sulfonylcarboxamide. It derives from a valdecoxib. it is an amide prodrug of the cyclooxygenase II (COX-2) selective, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) valdecoxib, with anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic activities. Upon administration, it is hydrolyzed by hepatic carboxyesterases to its active form, valdecoxib. Valdecoxib selectively binds to and inhibits COX-2. This prevents the conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandins, which are involved in the regulation of pain, inflammation, and fever. This NSAID does not inhibit COX-1 at therapeutic concentrations and, therefore, does not interfere with blood coagulation. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of flurbiprofen with the free hydroxy group of 4-(nitrooxy)butanol. It is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent showing inhibitory effects against the cyclooxygenases COX1 and COX2. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and a vasodilator agent. It is an organofluorine compound, a member of biphenyls, a carboxylic ester and a nitrate ester. It derives from a flurbiprofen. 
Valyl-methionine, also known as it or val-met, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Valyl-methionine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Valyl-methionine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone of the eudesmanolide group, found particularly in Magnolia grandiflora and Laurus nobilis. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene lactone and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 
it, also known as fema 3907, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, bornyl butyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a herbal and woody taste. 
it, also known as 2-methyl-5-propanoylthiophene or thiophene, 2-methyl-5-propionyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-(5-methyl-2-thienyl)-1-propanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an iminium ion that is the cationic component of the histological dye 'brilliant green'. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antiseptic drug, an environmental contaminant, a fluorochrome, a histological dye and a poison. 
it is a third generation, non-sedating, selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist, with antihistamine, anti-inflammatory and potential anti-angiogenic activities. it competes with endogenous histamine for binding at peripheral H1-receptor sites on the effector cell surface. This prevents the negative symptoms associated with histamine release and an allergic reaction. In addition, as histamine plays an important role in angiogenesis during an allergic inflammatory reaction, blocking the action of histamine may modulate the expression of proangiogenic factors and thus may prevent angiogenesis. As a third-generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist, it has fewer side effects than most second-generation antihistamines. 
Vascular Disrupting Agent it is a vascular disrupting agent (VDA), with potential anti-vascular and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, vascular disrupting agent it binds to tubulin and inhibits its polymerization, which results in a blockage of mitotic spindle formation, cell cycle arrest, and disruption of the tumor vasculature. This deprives tumor cells of nutrients and results in tumor cell apoptosis. In addition to its VDA activity, this agent has a direct cytotoxic effect on tumor cells by inhibiting tubulin polymerization. 
it is a N-sulfonylurea. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, a radical scavenger and an insulin secretagogue. it is a short-acting, relatively high-potency, second-generation sulfonylurea compound with hypoglycemic activity. it also increases peripheral insulin sensitivity. This agent is metabolized by CYP2C9. 
UDP-N-acetyl-3-O-(1-carboxyvinyl)-alpha-D-glucosamine is a UDP-N-acetyl-3-O-(1-carboxyvinyl)-D-glucosamine in which the anomeric centre of the glucosamine fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-N-acetyl-3-O-(1-carboxylatovinyl)-alpha-D-glucosamine(3-). 
Siccanin is a succinate dehydrogenase inhibitor originally isolated from the pathogenic fungus Helminthosposium siccans with antifungal activity. Siccanin, in a quinone-dependent manner, inhibits succinate dehydrogenase in the terminal electron transport chain thereby disrupting cellular respiration. 
Clindamycin Phosphate is the phosphate salt form of clindamycin, a semi-synthetic, chlorinated broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of lincomycin. Clindamycin phosphate is used in topical preparations. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, Early Breast Cancer (Phase 2), and Advanced Breast Cancer (Phase 1b). 
it is a nucleotide-sugar having ADP as the nucleotide fragment and D-ribofuranos-5-yl as the sugar component. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an ADP. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is the first caspase inhibitor tested in human which has received orphan drug status by FDA. It is developed by Pfizer and made in such a way that it protects liver cells from excessive apoptosis. 
it is a dihydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that is (4Z,7Z,11E,13E,15Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid in which the two hydroxy substituents are located at positions 10 and 17 (the 10R,17S-stereoisomer). it is one of the specialised proresolving mediators. When produced in neural tissues, it is called it It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a neuroprotective agent, a PPARgamma agonist, an apoptosis inhibitor, a hepatoprotective agent, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a specialised pro-resolving mediator. It is a dihydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. 
it is a hydroxy-amino acid that is glycine substituted by a hydroxy group at the alpha-position. It is a hydroxy-amino acid, a glycine derivative and a hemiaminal. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is acetohexamide in which the acetyl group is replaced by a 2-(5-chloro-2-methoxybenzamido)ethyl group. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, an anti-arrhythmia drug, an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor and an EC 3.6.3.49 (channel-conductance-controlling ATPase) inhibitor. It is a N-sulfonylurea and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a sulfonamide urea derivative with antihyperglycemic activity that can potentially be used to decrease cerebral edema. Upon administration, it binds to and blocks the sulfonylurea receptor type 1 (SUR1) subunit of the ATP-sensitive inwardly-rectifying potassium (K(ATP)) channels on the membranes of pancreatic beta cells. This prevents the inward current flow of positively charged potassium (K+) ions into the cell, and induces a calcium ion (Ca2+) influx through voltage-sensitive calcium channels, which triggers exocytosis of insulin-containing granules. In addition, it also inhibits the SUR1-regulated nonselective cation (NC) Ca-ATP channel, melastatin 4 (transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily M member 4; (TRPM4)), thereby preventing capillary failure and brain swelling. SUR1-TRPM4 channels are formed by co-assembly of SUR1 with TRPM4 in neurons, astrocytes, and capillary endothelium during cerebral ischemia. Upon ischemia-induced ATP depletion, channels open which results in sodium influx, cytotoxic edema formation, capillary fragmentation and necrotic cell death. SUR1-TRPM4 is not expressed in normal, uninjured tissues. 
2,2&#39;-azodi-(2,4-dimethyl-4-methoxyvaleronitrile) appears as a white to light-colored crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
4-hydroxy-17beta-estradiol is a 4-hydroxy steroid that consists of 17beta-estradiol having an additional hydroxy group at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. it is a metabolite formed during the metabolism of 17beta-estradiol by hydroxylation of the carbon at position 4 by cytochrome P450 1B1, with potential carcinogenic activity. The mechanism of action for the tumor promoting activity of it (4-OHE2) is not entirely known but this metabolite undergoes metabolic redox cycling with its oxidized quinoid form, estradiol 3,4-quinone, and generates reactive oxygen species (ROS), which induce oxidative DNA damage. 4-OHE2 also activates nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kB) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase/mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways, and induces the expression of certain genes through activation of the estrogen receptor (ER), which stimulates cellular proliferation in susceptible cells. 
it is a trihydroxyflavone with the hydroxy groups at positions C-5, -7 and -8. It has a role as an antioxidant and a metabolite. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid consisting of isovaleric acid having a 4-chlorophenyl group at the 2-position. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an isovaleric acid. 
it appears as white solid or powder. Formerly used as an anti-diabetic drug. Toxic (causes lactic acidosis. it is the hydrochloride salt form of phenformin, an agent belonging to the biguanide class of antidiabetics with antihyperglycemic activity. Phenformin is not used clinically due to the high risk of lactic acidosis that is associated with its use. 
3,3-diethoxypropene appears as a colorless liquid with an agreeable odor. Very volatile. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and to make cosmetics. 
2,2-dichloro-1-[5-(furan-2-yl)-2,2-dimethyl-1,3-oxazolidin-3-yl]ethanone is a member of the class of oxazolidines that is 2,2-dimethyl-1,3-oxazolidine which is substituted by a dichloroacetyl group at position 3 and by a furan-2-yl group at position 5. It is a member of furans, an organochlorine compound, a member of oxazolidines and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of dicyclomine, a synthetic analog of acetylcholine with antimuscarinic activity. it antagonizes muscarinic receptors on smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, thereby preventing the actions of acetylcholine and reducing GI smooth muscle spasms. 
it is a derivative of puromycin lacking the O-methyl group on the tyrosyl residue. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is a dieter that is 1-pentoxyethane substituted by an ethoxy group at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is an acetate salt obtained by combining flecainide with one molar equivalent of acetic acid. An antiarrhythmic agent used to prevent and treat tachyarrhythmia (abnormal fast rhythm of the heart). It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It contains a flecainide(1+). it is the acetate salt form of flecainide, a synthetic agent derived from trifluoroethoxy-benzamide exhibiting antiarrhythmic and local anesthetic activity. As a class Ic antiarrhythmic that blocks sodium channels, flecainide depresses polarization phase 0 and decreases the induction velocity of the His-Purkinje system. It also decreases phase 4 slope and increases the depolarization threshold. 
it is an imidazolium ion formed via cyclo-dimerisation of L-lysine and glyoxal. It has a role as an epitope. It is an imidazolium ion, a L-lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a dithioketal that is propane-2,2-dithiol in which the hydrogens attached to both sulfur atoms are replaced by 3,5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxyphenyl groups. An anticholesteremic drug with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, it is used to treat high levels of cholesterol in blood. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory drug, a cardiovascular drug and an antilipemic drug. It is a dithioketal and a polyphenol. it is a bis-phenol antioxidant with antilipidemic activity. it inhibits oxidation of low density lipoprotein and lowers the level of cholesterol in the bloodstream by increasing the rate of LDL catabolism. 
it is a tocotrienol that is chroman-6-ol substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 8 and a farnesyl chain at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a NF-kappaB inhibitor. It is a tocotrienol and a vitamin E. 
2-(2,6-dioxopiperidin-3-yl)-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione is a dicarboximide that is isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 2,6-dioxopiperidin-3-yl group. It is a member of piperidones and a member of phthalimides. it is a synthetic derivative of glutamic acid (alpha-phthalimido-glutarimide) with teratogenic, immunomodulatory, anti-inflammatory and anti-angiogenic properties. it acts primarily by inhibiting both the production of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) in stimulated peripheral monocytes and the activities of interleukins and interferons. This agent also inhibits polymorphonuclear chemotaxis and monocyte phagocytosis. In addition, it inhibits pro-angiogenic factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), thereby inhibiting angiogenesis. 
it is a polyunsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)-docosapentaenoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a polyunsaturated fatty acid anion, a long-chain fatty acid anion, a docosapentaenoate and a (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)-docosapentaenoyl derivative. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid that is pyridine-3-carboxylic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5, hydroxy methyl group at position 4 and a methyl group at position 6. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a monohydroxypyridine, a hydroxymethylpyridine, a member of methylpyridines and a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-pyridoxate. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-tyrosine and L-histidine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-tyrosine and a L-histidine. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an unpleasant odor. Insoluble in water and slightly denser than water. Flash point 30Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Irritates the skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Used to make pharmaceuticals and dyes. it is a monocyclic heteroarene that is furan in which the oxygen atom is replaced by a sulfur. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a member of its, a monocyclic heteroarene and a volatile organic compound. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it that is one of the end-products of the pentose phosphate pathway. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-ribulose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a dimeric naphthopyran with formula C32H26O10, originally isolated from Aspergillus niger. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a biaryl, an aromatic ether, an aromatic ketone, a cyclic ketone, a polyphenol, an organooxygen heterocyclic antibiotic and a naphtho-gamma-pyrone. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
Doxazosin is a nonselective alpha-1 adrenergic antagonist (alpha-blocker) used in the therapy of hypertension and benign prostatic hypertrophy. Doxazosin is associated with a low rate of transient serum aminotransferase elevations, but has not been linked to instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is the mesylate salt form of doxazosin, a quinazoline compound with smooth muscle relaxing activity. it selectively antagonizes alpha-1-adrenergic receptors in smooth muscle of the bladder neck and prostate, thereby relaxing the smooth muscle and decreasing the obstruction and urethral resistance seen with benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH). This may improve BPH symptoms. This agent also blocks alpha-1-adrenergic receptors in peripheral vascular smooth muscle, which leads to vasodilatation and a subsequent decrease in peripheral vascular resistance. 
it is a sialotetraosylceramide consisting of a branched pentasaccharide made up from one sialyl residue, two galactose residues, one N-acetylgalactosamine residue and a glucose residue at the reducing end attached to N-stearoylsphingosine via a beta-linkage. It is a sialotetraosylceramide and an alpha-N-acetylneuraminosyl-(2->3)-[beta-D-galactosyl-(1->3)-N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosaminyl-(1->4)]-beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosyl-(1<->1')-N-acylsphingosine. It contains a ->8)-alpha-Neu5Ac-(2->3)-[beta-D-Gal-(1->3)-beta-D-GalNAc-(1->4)]-beta-D-Gal-(1->4)-yl group. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a 19-membered macrocyle that is geldanamycin in which the methoxy substituent attached to the benzoquinone moiety has been replaced by an allylamino group. It is a potent inhibitor of heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90). A less toxic analogue than geldanamycin, it induces apoptosis and displays antitumour effects. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a Hsp90 inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a secondary amino compound, an ansamycin, a carbamate ester, an organic heterobicyclic compound and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. It derives from a geldanamycin. it is a benzoquinone antineoplastic antibiotic derived from the antineoplastic antibiotic geldanamycin. it binds to and inhibits the cytosolic chaperone functions of heat shock protein 90 (HSP90). HSP90 maintains the stability and functional shape of many oncogenic signaling proteins; the inhibition of HSP90 promotes the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins that may be overexpressed by tumor cells. 
Formyl-CoA, also known as formyl-coenzyme a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coenzyme a and derivatives. These are derivative of vitamin B5 containing a 4'-phosphopantetheine moiety attached to a diphospho-adenosine. Formyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). In humans, formyl-CoA is involved in the oxidation OF branched chain fatty acids pathway and the phytanic Acid peroxisomal oxidation pathway. Formyl-CoA is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the refsum disease pathway. 
it is a benzoselenazole that is 1,2-benzoselenazol-3-one carrying an additional phenyl substituent at position 2. Acts as a mimic of glutathione peroxidase. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent, an apoptosis inducer, an anti-inflammatory drug, an antioxidant, a hepatoprotective agent, a genotoxin, a radical scavenger, an enzyme mimic, an EC 1.3.1.8 [acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitor, an EC 1.8.1.12 (trypanothione-disulfide reductase) inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 2.5.1.7 (UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase) inhibitor, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor, an EC 3.5.4.1 (cytosine deaminase) inhibitor and an EC 5.1.3.2 (UDP-glucose 4-epimerase) inhibitor. it is a organoselenium compound with anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidant and cytoprotective activity. it acts as a glutathione peroxidase mimetic and is thereby able to prevent cellular damage induced by reactive oxygen species (ROS). In addition, this agent inhibits the activity of a variety of enzymes including nitric oxide synthase (NOS), 5-lipoxygenase, cyclooxygenase, protein kinase C (PKC), NADPH oxidase and gastric H+/K+-ATPase. Furthermore, it may be neuroprotective due to its ability to neutralize free radicals upon NMDA receptor activation thus, reducing lipoperoxidation mediated by glutamate-induced excitotoxicity. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylisoflavones. These are isoflavones with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the isoflavone backbone. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carbamate ester that consists of 3,4,5-trimethylphenol carrying an O-(N-methylcarbamoyl) group. One of two constituents of it. It has a role as an agrochemical and an insecticide. It derives from a 3,4,5-trimethylphenol. 
it is a dimethylbutyric acid in which both methyl substituents are at C3; used as an intermediate in the synthesis of medicines and agricultural chemicals. 
it is a bromoamino acid comprising an L-tyrosine core with a bromo- substituent ortho to the hydroxy group on the benzene ring. It is a bromoamino acid, a L-tyrosine derivative, a member of bromobenzenes and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a arenesulfonic acid in which two sulfonated indole moieties are linked via a 4-methylhepta-1,3,5-triene-1,7-diyl chain. It is a member of indoles, an arenesulfonic acid and an iminium betaine. It is a conjugate acid of a tetrasulfocyanine(3-). 
it is an androgenic anabolic steroid having potent anti-estrogenic effect, which inhibits the progression of estrogen-stimulated cancers such as breast cancer. (NCI) 
it is an organic anion that is the conjugate base of methanol. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a methanol. 
it is a polyketide obtained by hydrolysis of the pyranone ring of monacolin L. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a polyketide and a member of hexahydronaphthalenes. It derives from a monacolin L. It is a conjugate acid of a monacolin L carboxylate. 
it is a glycophytoceramide that consists of phytosphingosine having a 6-acetamido-6-deoxy-alpha-D-galactosyl attached at the O-1 position via a glycosidic linkage and a (Z)-tetracos-15-enoyl group attached to the nitrogen. It has a role as a ceramide allergen. It derives from an alpha-D-galactose. 
Alphit, also known as Î±-bulnesene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Alphit is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-bulnesene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alpha-bulnesene can be found in cottonseed, herbs and spices, pepper (spice), and sweet basil. This makes Alpha-bulnesene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1,3,5-tris(6-isocyanatohexyl)-1,3,5-triazin-2,4,6-trione is a derivative of isocyanuric acid having a 6-isocyanatohexyl group at each of the 1-, 3- and 5-positions. It derives from an isocyanuric acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydropyridines. Hydropyridines are compounds containing a hydrogenated pyridine ring (i. e. containing less than the maximum number of double bonds. ). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dipeptide isolated from the cultures of Streptomyces tanashiensis. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an EC 3.4.24.11 (neprilysin) inhibitor and an EC 3.4.24.71 (endothelin-converting enzyme 1) inhibitor. It is a deoxyaldohexose phosphate and a dipeptide. 
The major active component of silymarin flavonoids extracted from seeds of the MILK THISTLE, Silybum marianum; it is used in the treatment of HEPATITIS; LIVER CIRRHOSIS; and CHEMICAL AND DRUG INDUCED LIVER INJURY, and has antineoplastic activity; silybins A and B are diastereomers. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyisoflavans that is isoflavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 2' and a methoxy group at position 4'. Isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis, it exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a plant metabolite and a phytoalexin. It is an aromatic ether, a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a faint ether-like odor. Flash point 95Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is an methyl ketone that is octan-2-one carrying a double bond at position 7. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and an olefinic compound. 
Strychnine sulfate appears as colorless, odorless, very bitter crystals or white crystalline powder. Has been used as a tonic and stimulant in veterinary medicine. Registered as a rodenticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino function of loperamide. It is an organic cation and an ammonium ion derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a loperamide. 
it appears as colorless needles. Primarily used (along with salts such as it sulfate) as a component of hair & fur dye formulations. (NIOSH, 2016) 
it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-it. Used for the treatment of vaginal candidiasis. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a racemate, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. It contains a (S)-it and a (R)-it. 
it is 2-Methylcyclohexa-1,3-diene in which a hydrogen at the 5 position is substituted (R configuration) by a 6-methyl-hept-5-en-2-yl group (S configuration). It is a sesquiterpene found in the dried rhizomes of Indonesian ginger, Zingiber officinale. It is a sesquiterpene and a cyclohexadiene. It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. 
it is a polyprenol phosphate that is geraniol in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a phospho group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a geraniol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent that consists of a furan ring flanked by two benzene rings ortho-fused across the 2,3- and 4,5-positions. It has a role as a xenobiotic. It is a member of it, a polycyclic heteroarene and a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent. 
it is a limonoid that is salannin in which the acetyloxy group at position 6 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has been isolated from Azadirachta indica. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of furans, a limonoid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. It derives from a tiglic acid and a salannin. 
it is an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. it inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid consisting of cyclopropane having amino and carboxy substituents both at the 1-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a member of ethylene releasers. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-aminocyclopropanecarboxylate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid bearing a methyl substituent at position 2. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methylhexadecanoate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Gliomas, Lymphoma, Leukemia, and Lung Cancer, among others. it is a cyclic Arg-Gly-Asp peptide with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the activities of the alpha(v)beta(3) and alpha(v)beta(5) integrins, thereby inhibiting endothelial cell-cell interactions, endothelial cell-matrix interactions, and angiogenesis. (NCI04) 
it is an alkanethiol that is hexane substituted at positions 1 and 3 by hydroxy and sulfanyl groups respectively. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and an alkanethiol. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it is a member of the class of resolvins that consists of docosa-4Z,9E,11E,13Z,15E,19Z-hexaenoic acid carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 7, 8, and 17 (the 7S,8R,17S-stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antiviral agent, an analgesic, a TGFbeta receptor antagonist, a nephroprotective agent, an anti-allergic agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a resolvin, a secondary allylic alcohol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
An isoquinoline derivative that prevents dopamine reuptake into synaptosomes. The maleate was formerly used in the treatment of depression. It was withdrawn worldwide in 1986 due to the risk of acute hemolytic anemia with intravascular hemolysis resulting from its use. In some cases, renal failure also developed. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p266) 
it is anthraquinone carrying amino, sulfo and [3-({4-chloro-6-[(3-sulfophenyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl}amino)-4-sulfophenyl]amino substituents at positions 1, 2 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a dye. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is an organic sodium salt. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor and an anti-ulcer drug. It contains a pantoprazole(1-). it is the sodium salt form of a substituted benzimidazole with proton pump inhibitor activity. Pantoprazole is a lipophilic, weak base that crosses the parietal cell membrane and enters the acidic parietal cell canaliculus where it becomes protonated, producing the active metabolite sulfenamide, which forms an irreversible covalent bond with two sites of the H+/K+-ATPase enzyme located on the gastric parietal cell, thereby inhibiting both basal and stimulated gastric acid production. 
7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione is an oxopurine in which the purine ring is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2, 6, and 8. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tautomer of a 2,6-dihydroxy-7,9-dihydro-8H-purin-8-one, a 9H-purine-2,6,8-triol, a 7H-purine-2,6,8-triol, a 1H-purine-2,6,8-triol and a 5,7-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(9H)-trione. it is a white tasteless odorless crystalline product of protein metabolism, found in the blood and urine, as well as trace amounts found in the various organs of the body. It can build up and form stones or crystals in various disease states. 
it appears as a colorless to brown viscous liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a it that is aniline carrying a methyl substituent at the nitrogen atom. It is a phenylalkylamine, a secondary amine and a it. It derives from an aniline. 
it is l-Proline in which a hydrogen at the 4-position of the pyrrolidine ring is substituted by a hydroxy group (S-configuration). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a 4-hydroxyproline. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a colorless to pale yellow crystalline solid with a slight odor. (NTP, 1992) 1-(4-chlorophenoxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butan-2-one is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1-hydroxy-3,3-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butan-2-one in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a 4-chlorophenyl group. It is a member of triazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether, a ketone and a hemiaminal ether. 
it is a C19 straight-chain fatty acid of plant or bacterial origin. An intermediate in the biodegradation of n-icosane, it has been shown to inhibit cancer growth. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a nonadecanoate. 
it is an optically active form of 4-it having L-trans-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tautomer of a trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline zwitterion. it is a nonessential amino acid derivative formed during post-translational protein modification through hydroxylation of the amino acid proline by the enzyme prolyl hydroxylase which requires vitamin C as a co-factor. it is a major component of the protein collagen and plays a key role in the stability of the collagen triple helix. It can be used as an indicator to determine the amount of collagen. Increased it levels in the urine and/or serum are normally associated with degradation of connective tissue. Vitamin C deficiency decreases the conversion of proline to it, which leads to reduced collagen stability. 
N,N'-(hexane-1,6-diyl)bis(1-{(2S)-2-cyclohexyl-2-[(N-methyl-L-alanyl)amino]acetyl}-L-prolyl-beta-phenyl-L-phenylalaninamide) is a polyamide consisting of hexane-1,6-diamine having a 1-{(2S)-2-cyclohexyl-2-[(N-methyl-L-alanyl)amino]acetyl}-L-prolyl-beta-phenyl-L-phenylalanyl moiety attached to both nitrogens. It derives from a methyl 1-{(2S)-2-cyclohexyl-2-[(N-methyl-L-alanyl)amino]acetyl}-L-prolyl-beta-phenyl-L-phenylalaninate. 
it is a carbodiimide having cyclcohexyl and 2-(4-morpholinyl)ethyl as the two N-substituents. It has a role as a cross-linking reagent. It is a carbodiimide and a member of morpholines. 
it appears as brown to black powder or plates or scales. Formerly used as a counterirritant and vesicant. Used for the removal of warts. Used as an experimental anti tumor agent. Active ingredient in spanish fly, a reputed aphrodisiac. (EPA, 1998) it is a monoterpenoid with an epoxy-bridged cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride structure secreted by many species of blister beetle, and most notably by the Spanish fly, Lytta vesicatoria. Natural toxin inhibitor of protein phosphatases 1 and 2A. It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor and a herbicide. It is a monoterpenoid and a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride. 
it is a steroid lactone, a 20-hydroxy steroid, a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid, a 12-oxo steroid and a phytoecdysteroid. 
it is a hydroxypolyether aldehyde comprising hexaethylene glycol having one of the terminal hydroxy groups substituted by formylmethoxy. It derives from a hexaethylene glycol. 
it is a quinolinium ion comprising decane in which one methyl hydrogen at each end of the molecule has been replaced by a 4-amino-2-methylquinolin-1-yl group. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antiseptic drug and a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2S,3S)-2,3-dihydroxy-2-isopropylbutanoic acid with the hydroxy group of (7aS)-2,3,5,7a-tetrahydropyrrolizin-7-ylmethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of pyrrolizines, a butyrate ester, a carboxylic ester, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and a pyrrolizidine alkaloid. 
it appears as a clear colorless volatile liquid with a pungent irritating odor. About the same density as water and insoluble in water. Floats on water Very irritating to skin and eyes and very toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a sulfoxide and a member of pyrazolidines. It has a role as a uricosuric drug. it is a phenylbutazone derivative with uricosuric and antithrombotic properties. it competitively inhibits reabsorption of urate at the proximal renal tubule in the kidney. This agent acts on the organic anion transport exchanger, thereby increasing uric acid excretion and decreasing serum uric acid levels resulting in the prevention of urate deposition. it also blocks tubular excretion of various acidic drugs, resulting in increased serum concentration of the drugs. In addition, it and its active metabolite inhibit the synthesis of thromboxane A2, by competitively inhibiting the activity of cyclooxygenase, thereby preventing platelet aggregation through restoration of platelet survival time to normal, and decreasing platelet adhesiveness to subendothelial cells. 
A basic polypeptide isolated from Streptomyces netropsis. It is cytotoxic and its strong, specific binding to A-T areas of DNA is useful to genetics research. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of (S)-2-hydroxybutyric acid, obtained by decarboxylation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-2-hydroxybutyric acid. 
it is a colorless to yellow crystalline solid. Used as a contact herbicide and desiccant. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic chloride salt. It has a role as a herbicide and a photosystem-I inhibitor. It contains a paraquat. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a one-carbon compound that is ammonia in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a carboxy group. Although it derivatives are common, it itself has never been synthesised. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a one-carbon compound, a carbon oxoacid and an organonitrogen compound. It is a conjugate acid of a carbamate. 
it is an oxopurine that is theophylline bearing a 2,3-dihydroxypropyl group at the 7 position. It has broncho- and vasodilator properties, and is used in the treatment of asthma, cardiac dyspnea, and bronchitis. It is also an ingredient in preparations that have been promoted for coughs. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a vasodilator agent, an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor and a muscle relaxant. It is an oxopurine and a member of propane-1,2-diols. it is a xanthine derivative. Dyphilline exerts bronchodilator effects and to a lesser extent vasodilator and diuretic properties. Dyphilline probably acts as a competitive inhibitor of phosphodiesterase which leads to an increase in intracellular cAMP. This results in relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and other smooth muscles. it may also antagonize adenosine receptors. it is used in the treatment of acute bronchial asthma, chronic bronchitis and emphysema. 
it appears as a clear colorless low-boiling liquid (boiling point 97Â°F) with an overpowering, garlic-like/skunk-like odor. Flash point -55Â°F. Less dense than water and very slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Vapors may irritate nose and throat. May be toxic if swallowed, by inhalation or by contact. Added to natural gas as an odorant. Used as a stabilizer for adhesives. 
Sisomicin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of sisomicin, a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Micromonospora inyoensis. Sisomicin is strucurally similar to gentamicin but has a unique unsaturated diamino sugar. Of the aminoglycoside antibiotics, sisomicin has the greatest activity against gram-positive bacteria. 
FK778, a novel compound with multiple mechanisms of action, is efficacious, well tolerated and safe in kidney transplant patients, potentially offering a breakthrough in immunosuppressive therapy. 
it is an organic anion that is a borate diester derived from a furanose and acts a universal signal molecule mediating intra- and interspecies communication among bacteria. It has a role as an autoinducer and a bacterial metabolite. 
it is an acetate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the two hydroxy groups of butane-1,4-diol with two molecules of acetic acid It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a butane-1,4-diol. 
it is a colorless liquid with an odor of gasoline. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Produces irritating vapor. it is a straight chain alkane composed of 8 carbon atoms. It has a role as a xenobiotic. 
it is acetamide substituted on nitrogen by a para-chlorophenyl group. It is a member of acetamides and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is an omega-hydroxy-long-chain fatty acid that is pentadecanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl group has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and an omega-hydroxy-long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a pentadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 15-hydroxypentadecanoate. 
Isopropyl dodecanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Isopropyl dodecanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Isopropyl dodecanoic acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva and urine. Within the cell, isopropyl dodecanoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an N-glycosyl-1,3,5-triazine that is 4-amino-1,3,5-triazin-2(1H)-one substituted by a beta-D-arabinofuranosyl residue via an N-glycosidic linkage. A synthetic analogue of cytosine arabinoside and 5-azacytidine that incorporates structural features of both compounds, it shows good activity against a variety of transplanted tumors. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-glycosyl-1,3,5-triazine and a nucleoside analogue. It derives from a beta-D-arabinofuranose. it is an orally-active pyrimidine analogue of an aza-substituted cytidine in which the ribose moiety is replaced by an arabinose sugar. Similar in action to cytarabine, it is phosphorylated by deoxycytidine kinase to a triphosphate form which competes with thymidine for incorporation into DNA; its incorporation into DNA inhibits DNA synthesis, resulting in tumor cell death and tumor necrosis. The presence of deoxycytidine kinase in a tumor is a determinant of tumor sensitivity to this drug. (NCI04) 
it is the 5-phospho derivative of D-ribitol. It derives from a ribitol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a beta-alanine derivative arising from quaternisation of the nitrogen of beta-alanine with three methyl groups and removal of the proton attached to the carboxy group. It is an osmoprotective compound accumulated by most members of the highly stress-tolerant Plumbaginaceae family. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an amino-acid betaine and a beta-alanine derivative. 
C.i. it appears as a dull dark green powder. Used as a dye for silk or wool and biological stains. Guinee green B is an organic sodium salt having 3-[(ethyl{4-[(4-{ethyl[(3-sulfonatophenyl)methyl]amino}phenyl)(phenyl)methylidene]cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene}azaniumyl)methyl]benzene-1-sulfonate. Used as a substitute for Light green SF yellowish in Masson's trichrome, although it is prone to fade. Previously used as a food dye but is now no longer approved. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a food colouring and a histological dye. It contains a Guinee green B(1-). 
L-gamma-glutamyl-L-cysteine is a molecular entity formed when L-cysteine amino group binds to the gamma-carbonyl of L-glutamic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-cysteine. It is a conjugate acid of a L-gamma-glutamyl-L-cysteinate(1-). 
it is a ketooctose derivative that is D-glycero-D-altro-octulose carrying a single phosphate substituent at position 8. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a ketooctose derivative and a ketose phosphate. 
it is a gamma-lactam that is an unusual red pigment isolated from the marine sponge Trikentrion laeve. It has been shown to exhibit anti-HIV1 activity. It has a role as a marine metabolite, an animal metabolite and an anti-HIV-1 agent. It is a pyrroline, a gamma-lactam, a tertiary alcohol and a diol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2, 4-triazolo[4, 3-a][1, 4]benzodiazepines. These are aromatic compounds containing a 1, 4-benzodiazepine fused to and sharing a nitrogen atom with a 1, 2, 4-triazole ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a white crystalline powder with a mild odor. Used as an insecticide and immobilizing agent for birds, acaricide and molluscicide. (EPA, 1998) it is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the phenolic group of 3,5-dimethyl-4-(methylsulfanyl)phenol with the carboxy group of methylcarbamic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a molluscicide, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an avicide, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an insecticide. It is a carbamate ester and an aryl sulfide. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 3,5-dimethyl-4-(methylsulfanyl)phenol. 
it is an N-silyl compound that is N-methyltrifluoroacetamide in which the amide nitrogen is replaced by a trimethylsilyl group. it is a derivatisation agent used in gas chromatography/mass spectrometry applications. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a N-silyl compound and a trifluoroacetamide. 
it is a methoxybenzene that is benzene substituted by methoxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 3 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
4-hydroxynon-2-enoic acid is a medium-chain fatty acid that is non-2-enoic acid substituted at position 4 by a hydroxy group. It is an olefinic fatty acid, a hydroxy fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. 
it is a butanone that is the 2-methylbutanoyl derivative of phloroglucinol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a benzenetriol and a butanone. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
it, also known as malyl-coenzyme A or L-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as (r)-3-hydroxyacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a (R)-3-hydroxyl acylated coenzyme A derivative. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an N-acyl-amino acid resulting from the formal condensation of carboxy group of isovaleric acid with the amino group of sarcosine. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a glycine derivative, a N-acyl-amino acid and a tertiary carboxamide. 
Dihydro-6-isopropyl-2, 4-dimethyl-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3, 5-dithiazinanes. These are cyclic compounds that contain a dithiazinane ring, which is a saturated heterocycle that consisting of one nitrogen atom, two sulfur atoms at the 1-, 3-, and 5- position, respectively. Dihydro-6-isopropyl-2, 4-dimethyl-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dihydro-6-isopropyl-2, 4-dimethyl-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Dihydro-6-isopropyl-2, 4-dimethyl-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is a cocoa, meaty, and peanut tasting compound that can be found in mollusks. This makes dihydro-6-isopropyl-2, 4-dimethyl-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Scopolamine as a natural plant alkaloid that has potent anticholinergic effects and is used to treat mild to moderate nausea, motion sickness and allergic rhinitis. Scopolamine has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Scopolamine is a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it is a benzoate salt obtained by combining equimolar amounts of alogliptin and benzoic acid. Used for treatment of type 2 diabetes. It has a role as an EC 3.4.14.5 (dipeptidyl-peptidase IV) inhibitor and a hypoglycemic agent. It contains an alogliptin(1+). it is the benzoate salt form of alogliptin, a selective, orally bioavailable, pyrimidinedione-based inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. In addition to its effect on glucose levels, alogliptin may inhibit inflammatory responses by preventing the toll-like receptor 4 (TLR-4)-mediated formation of proinflammatory cytokines. 
it hydrate, frozen is an orange colored solid, appearing as a block of ice, with a faint odor of chlorine. It may only be shipped in the frozen state and then only by private or contract motor carrier. The melting point of the hydrate is around 30Â°F. If it should thaw and further warm up, it gas is given off. The gas is toxic by inhalation. The gas and liquid are violently decomposed by organic materials. The gas will decompose explosively at temperatures below the boiling point of water. It is used to bleach wood pulp, fats and oils; in processing flour, and for water purification.   it is a yellow to reddish gas or a red-brown liquid below 52 deg. F. with an unpleasant odor similar to chlorine. 
it is a solid. Specific uses for it were not found. it1,and it3 are reported as antibiotics produced by Streptomyces for use as a fungicide and possibly as an insecticide and miticide. Registered only as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
Megestrol acetate is a progestogen with actions and uses similar to those of the progestogens in general. It also has anti-androgenic properties. It is given by mouth in the palliative treatment or as an adjunct to other therapy in endometrial carcinoma and in breast cancer. Megestrol acetate has been approved to treat anorexia and cachexia. (From Reynolds JEF(Ed): Martindale: The Extra Pharmacopoeia (electronic version). Micromedex, Inc, Englewood, CO, 1995) 
N-acetyltyrosine-4-azobenzenearsonic acid is an L-tyrosine derivative having an N(alpha)-acetyl substituent and a 4-arsonophenyldiazenyl group at the 3-position of the benzene ring. It is a monoazo compound and a L-tyrosine derivative. It derives from an arsanilic acid. 
it is a recombinant DNA produced polypeptide analogue of human glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) which is used in combination with diet and exercise in the therapy of type 2 diabetes, either alone or in combination with other antidiabetic agents. There have been no published reports of hepatotoxicity attributed to it therapy. 
ite is a diterpene alkaloid isolated from Delphinium shawurense. It is a dicarboximide, a pyrrolidinone, a diterpene alkaloid and a benzoate ester. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
it appears as a water-white liquid with a fishlike odor. May be very irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals and as a component of adhesives. 
it is a member of the class of imidazolidinones that is dethiobiotin carrying a mercapto substituent at position 9. An intermediate in the biosynthesis of biotin. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of ureas, an imidazolidinone and a thiol. It derives from a (4R,5S)-dethiobiotin. 
it, a phosphoramidate derivative of (E)-5-(2-bromovinyl)-2'-deoxyuridine, is a novel small molecule anticancer agent. it is selectively active against tumor cells expressing high levels of thymidylate synthase (TS), a critical enzyme in DNA biosynthesis. it was as efficacious as irinotecan, a drug recently approved for the treatment of 5-fluorouracil-resistant colon cancer. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it, also known as D-kyotorphin or tyr-arg, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups are both oleoyl. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,2-dioleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. 
it is a substituted aniline in which the aniline ring carries 4-hydroxy and 2,6-dimethyl substituents; a urinary metabolite of lidocaine. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a substituted aniline and a member of phenols. 
it is a fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of oleic acid with the amino group of dopamine. Synthesised in catecholaminergic neurons, it crosses the blood-brain barrier and might be considered as a carrier of dopamine into the brain. It is a transient receptor potential vanilloid type 1 (TRPV1) receptor agonist. It has a role as a TRPV1 agonist. It is a fatty amide, a secondary carboxamide and a member of catechols. It derives from a dopamine and an oleic acid. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 1R is substituted by a benzyloxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a member of benzenes. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as estrogens and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure containing a 3-hydroxylated estrane. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an Insulin Analog. The chemical classification of it is Insulin. Insulin Glargine is a recombinant human insulin analog with long-acting, blood glucose-lowering activity. it, like regular types of human insulin, regulates glucose metabolism by binding to insulin receptors on muscle and fat cells, thereby facilitating the cellular uptake of glucose. This lowers blood glucose levels. At the same time, it inhibits the liver's conversion of stored glycogen into glucose, which also contributes to lower blood glucose levels. it also inhibits lipolysis in adipose tissue, inhibits proteolysis, and enhances protein synthesis. (NCI05) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00012324 (it Dihydrochloride Compared With Doxorubicin in Treating Patients With Recurrent or Unresectable Liver Cancer). 
it is a colorless liquid with a mild, choking alcohol odor. Less dense than water, soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Produces an irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) Isoamylol is an primary alcohol that is butan-1-ol in which a hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a primary alcohol, a volatile organic compound and an alkyl alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an isopentane. 
it is a tetracarboxylic acid that is benzene substituted by four carboxy groups at positions 1, 2, 4 and 5 respectively. It is a member of benzoic acids and a tetracarboxylic acid. 
it is an epoxy steroid that is pregn-4-ene-3,20-dione which has an epoxy group whose oxygen is attached to the 9alpha and 11alpha-positions. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and an epoxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide that is 3',5'-cyclic AMP in which the exocyclic amino group on the purine fragment is carrying a butyryl substituent. It has a role as a protein kinase agonist. It is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide, an adenyl ribonucleotide and a member of butanamides. It derives from a 3',5'-cyclic AMP. 
A copper-containing dye used as a gelling agent for lubricants, for staining of bacteria and for the dyeing of histiocytes and fibroblasts in vivo. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is 2,3-dihydro-2'H,4H-3,8'-bichromen-4-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5' and 7 and geminal methyl groups at position 2'. Isolated from the roots of Erythrina lysistemon, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is a polyphenol and a hydroxyisoflavanone. 
An ester formed between the aldehydic carbon of RIBOSE and the terminal phosphate of ADENOSINE DIPHOSPHATE. It is produced by the hydrolysis of nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide (NAD) by a variety of enzymes, some of which transfer an ADP-ribosyl group to target proteins. 
it is a Prostaglandin Analog. The chemical classification of it is Prostaglandins. it is the (15S)-15 methyl analogue of naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha (PGF2 alpha) with oxytocic activity. Mimicking endogenous PGF2 alpha, it activates prostaglandin F receptor, a G-protein coupled receptor, on smooth muscle cells, thereby resulting in smooth muscle contractions. When administered intramuscularly on gravid subjects, this agent induces myometrium contractions, thereby initiating luteolysis and consequently parturition. Furthermore, it's action on vascular smooth muscle and gastrointestinal tract sphincters leads to raised blood pressure and induces vomiting or diarrhea, respectively. 
it, also known as 4-acetyl-2-methyl-1-butene or fema 3365, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a foliage, green, and vegetable taste. 
it is a secoiridoid glycoside that is (4aS,5R,6R)-6-hydroxy-5-vinyl-4,4a,5,6-tetrahydro-1H,3H-pyrano[3,4-c]pyran-1-one in which the hydroxy group has been converted to the corresponding 2,3,6-tri-O-acetyl-beta-D-glucoside, the 4-hydroxy group of which has been esterified by formal condensation with the carboxy group of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid 3-beta-D-glucoside. It is a component of Gentiana scabra root extract, which is used as an internal remedy in traditional Korean medicine for the treatment of diabetes mellitus. It is a beta-D-glucoside, an acetate ester, a member of phenols, a delta-lactone, a pyranopyranone and a secoiridoid glycoside. 
it, also known as ad 41, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthracyclines. These are polyketides containing a tetracenequinone ring structure with a sugar attached by glycosidic linkage. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV, Gallstones, Fatty Liver, Metabolic Syndrome, and Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, among others. 
2', 4'-Dimethylacetophenone, also known as (2, 4-dimethylphenyl)ethanone or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 2', 4'-Dimethylacetophenone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2', 4'-dimethylacetophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2', 4'-Dimethylacetophenone is a sweet, floral, and mimosa tasting compound that can be found in tea. This makes 2', 4'-dimethylacetophenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point below 75Â°F. Spontaneous ignition may occur in contact with oxidizing materials. Very toxic by inhalation and by skin absorption. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Hours - days  Odor threshold: 1-10 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Solvent, rocket fuel; flammable; irritating to skin/eyes. 
it is a synthetic glucocorticoid drug that is particularly effective as an immunosuppressant, and affects virtually all of the immune system. it is a prodrug that is converted by the liver into prednisolone (a beta-hydroxy group instead of the oxo group at position 11), which is the active drug and also a steroid. It has a role as a prodrug, an anti-inflammatory drug, an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent and an adrenergic agent. It is a 20-oxo steroid, an 11-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. After cell surface receptor attachment and cell entry, it enters the nucleus where it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in an altered gene expression and inhibition of proinflammatory cytokine production. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cell populations. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a diterpenoid that is hexadeca-2,6,10,14-tetraene substituted by methyl groups at positions 3, 7, 11 and 15 and a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a volatile oil component and an antileishmanial agent. It is a diterpenoid and a polyprenol. 
2-methoxy-17beta-estradiol 3-O-(beta-D-glucuronide) is a steroid glucosiduronic acid that is 2-methoxy-17beta-estradiol having a single beta-D-glucuronic acid residue attached at position 3. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, an aromatic ether, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It derives from a 2-methoxy-17beta-estradiol. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methoxy-17beta-estradiol 3-O-(beta-D-glucuronide)(1-). 
Chitosan is an aminoglycan consisting of beta-(1->4)-linked D-glucosamine residues. It has a role as a plant activator and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an aminoglycan and an exopolysaccharide. It is a conjugate base of a cationic chitosan. 
An acetic acid ester of CARNITINE that facilitates movement of ACETYL COA into the matrices of mammalian MITOCHONDRIA during the oxidation of FATTY ACIDS. 
4, 4-Dimethyl-14a-formyl-5a-cholesta-8, 24-dien-3b-ol, also known as 32-ketolanosterol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. 4, 4-Dimethyl-14a-formyl-5a-cholesta-8, 24-dien-3b-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4, 4-dimethyl-14a-formyl-5a-cholesta-8, 24-dien-3b-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a substituted pyrimidone with inhibitory activity towards lipoprotein-associated phospholipase-A2 (Lp-PLA2), an important regulator of lipid metabolism and inflammation that circulates with lipoprotein particles and is carried into the arterial wall with low-density lipoprotein particles during the progression of atherosclerosis. 
One of the non-essential amino acids commonly occurring in the L-form. It is found in animals and plants, especially in sugar cane and sugar beets. It may be a neurotransmitter. 
it is a 3beta sterol that is 5alpha-androstane which is substituted by beta-hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 17 and by an alpha-hydroxy group at position 7. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a triol, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-sterol and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 5alpha-androstane. 
This is a chemical weapon precursor or chemical weapon impurity which is similar to 2-diethylaminoethanol. See the chemical datasheet for 2-diethylaminoethanol for more information. 
Alpha-Methylphenylalanine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. Alpha-Methylphenylalanine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of carbapenems and a pivaloyloxymethyl ester. it is an orally available pivaloyloxymethyl ester prodrug of tebipenem, a broad-spectrum 1-beta-methylcarbapenem antibiotic with a 1-(1,3-thiazolin-2-yl) azetidin-3-ylthio group at the C-2 position. After oral administration of it, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active tebipenem. 
Estradiol Acetate is the acetate salt form of estradiol, the most potent, naturally produced estrogen. Estradiol acetate diffuses through the cell membrane and binds to and subsequently activates the nuclear estrogen receptor found in the reproductive tract, breast, pituitary, hypothalamus, liver, and bone. The activated complex binds to the estrogen response element on the DNA and activates the transcription of genes involved in the functioning of the female reproductive system and secondary sex characteristics. 
it is a nucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-) that results from the removal of two protons from the phosphate group of IMP; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an IMP. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a lignan that is 2,3-dimethylbutane substituted by a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl group at position 1 and a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 4. It has been isolated from the bark of Machilus robusta. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan and a member of guaiacols. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is teasterone lacking the oxo substituent at position 6. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 23-hydroxy steroid and a brassinosteroid. It derives from a teasterone. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-campestane. 
it, also known as fema 2812 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a basil, bois de rose, and earthy taste. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is amiloride in which the amino substitutent of the pyrazine ring that is adjacent to the chloro substituent has been substituted by an ethyl group and by an isopropyl group. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug, a neuroprotective agent and a sodium channel blocker. It is a member of guanidines, an aromatic amine, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound, a member of pyrazines and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an amiloride. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it, also known as benzyldithiomethane or disulfide, benzyl methyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a cabbage, green, and metallic tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products and nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a synthetic dihydrotriazine derivative with antineoplastic properties. As an antifolate agent related to methotrexate (MTX), it inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR), resulting in decreased tetrahydrofolate production and interference with thymidylate synthesis. Unlike MTX, this agent is not converted to polyglutamate forms. it also inhibits the transport of folates and may be selectively toxic to MTX-resistant tumor cells. (NCI04) 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is abieta-8,11,13-triene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 11 and 12 and a carboxy group at position 20. It is isolated from rosemary (Rosmarinus officinalis) and common sage (Salvia officinalis) and exhibits anti-angiogenic, antineoplastic, antioxidant and anti-HIV activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, a HIV protease inhibitor, an angiogenesis modulating agent, an apoptosis inducer, a plant metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and a food preservative. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound, a member of catechols and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a carnosate. 
it is the S-(3-oxopalmitoyl) derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a palmitoyl-CoA and a 3-oxopalmitic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a branched amino trisaccharide consisting of D-galactose having an alpha-L-fucosyl residue at the 2-position and an N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosaminyl residue at the 3-position. It is a galactosamine oligosaccharide and an amino trisaccharide. 
it is a member of the class of naphthols that is 2-naphthol carrying an additional bromo substituent at position 6. It is a member of naphthols and an organobromine compound. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
it is a triterpenoid isolated from whole plants of Geum japonicum and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against HIV-1 protease. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV protease inhibitor. It is a triterpenoid, a secondary alcohol, a methyl ketone and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as penmacrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as proline and derivatives. Proline and derivatives are compounds containing proline or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of proline at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a it that consists of octa-1,3,6-triene bearing two methyl substituents at positions 3 and 7 (the 3E-isomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil with methyl group substituents at positions 1 and 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a derivative of prednisolone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive property. Upon binding to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor and cell entry, it activates specific glucocorticoid response elements, resulting in altered gene expression. These include induction of synthesis of anti-inflammatory protein IkappaB-alpha and inhibition of synthesis of nuclear factor kappaB (NFkappa B). As a result, pro-inflammatory cytokine production such as interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-2 and IL-6 is down-regulated and cytotoxic T-lymphocyte activation inhibited. Therefore, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions may be achieved. 
it is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid that is nicotinic acid substituted at position 2 by a 2-methyl-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenylamino group. A relatively potent non-narcotic, nonsteroidal analgesic with anti-inflammatory, anti-endotoxic and anti-pyretic properties; used in veterinary medicine (usually as the meglumine salt) for treatment of horses, cattle and pigs. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antipyretic, a non-narcotic analgesic and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid, an aminopyridine and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a compound that occurs in nature. It is often found combined with other substances to form compounds called borates. Common borate compounds include boric acid, salts of borates, and boron oxide. Several companies in the United States produce most of the world's borates by processing boron compounds. itorates are used mostly to produce glass. They are also used in fire retardants, leather tanning industries, cosmetics, photographic materials, soaps and cleaners, and for high-energy fuel. Some pesticides used for cockroach control and some wood preservatives also contain borates. it atom is a nonmetal atom, a boron group element atom and a metalloid atom. It has a role as a micronutrient. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 5, and atomic weight 11. 
it is an organic perchlorate salt that has tetramethylrhodamine ethyl ester(1+) as the cation. It is used as a cell-permeant, cationic, red-orange fluorescent dye that is readily sequestered by active mitochondria. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a reagent. It is a xanthene dye and an organic perchlorate salt. It contains a tetramethylrhodamine ethyl ester(1+). 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C30H48O4, originally isolated from Akebia quinata and Stauntonia hexaphylla. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a diol. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
Minute crystals or white powder. pH of aqueous solutions 5.6 to 7.0 or even higher (a 10% solution, made from a commercial grade, may have a pH of 7.4 to 7.7). (NTP, 1992) it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the 3-hydroxy group of ascorbic acid by a sodium ion. It has a role as a water-soluble vitamin, a vitamin C, a food antioxidant, a flour treatment agent, a coenzyme, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and a reducing agent. It contains a L-ascorbate. 
Pivaloyloxymethyl ester of amdinocillin that is well absorbed orally, but broken down to amdinocillin in the intestinal mucosa. It is active against gram-negative organisms and used as for amdinocillin. 
it is a sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Like sulfonylureas, it is able to lower blood glucose levels by increasing the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells. 
it is a benzoate ester. It derives from an o-orsellinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an o-orsellinate depsidate(1-). 
Histidinal, also known as histidinaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aralkylamines. These are alkylamines in which the alkyl group is substituted at one carbon atom by an aromatic hydrocarbyl group. Histidinal is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Histidinal exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Histidinal participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Histidinal can be biosynthesized from L-histidinol through its interaction with the enzyme histidine biosynthesis trifunctional protein. In addition, Histidinal can be converted into L-histidine through its interaction with the enzyme histidine biosynthesis trifunctional protein. Outside of the human body, histidinal can be found in a number of food items such as cloudberry, burbot, other bread, and japanese persimmon. This makes histidinal a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Alpha-Cadinol, also known as a-cadinol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Alpha-Cadinol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Alpha-cadinol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Alpha-Cadinol is a herb and wood tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as fruits, cloves, ginger, and common oregano. This makes Alpha-cadinol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an imide in which an imino group and an oxo group are both attached to an atom of sulfur. 
it appears as a reddish brown gas or yellowish-brown liquid when cooled or compressed. Shipped as a liquefied gas under own vapor pressure. Vapors are heavier than air. Toxic by inhalation (vapor) and skin absorption. Noncombustible, but accelerates the burning of combustible materials. Cylinders and ton containers may not be equipped with a safety relief device. 
Methyl 4-chloro-1H-indole-3-acetate, also known as 4-chloro-indoleacetic acid methyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indole-3-acetic acid derivatives. Indole-3-acetic acid derivatives are compounds containing an acetic acid (or a derivative) linked to the C3 carbon atom of an indole. Methyl 4-chloro-1H-indole-3-acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, methyl 4-chloro-1H-indole-3-acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, methyl 4-chloro-1H-indole-3-acetate can be found in a number of food items such as lentils, broad bean, pulses, and common pea. This makes methyl 4-chloro-1H-indole-3-acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
An RNA polymerase II transcriptional inhibitor. This compound terminates transcription prematurely by selective inhibition of RNA synthesis. It is used in research to study underlying mechanisms of cellular regulation. 
it is a dibenzothiepine and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic drug, a serotonergic drug and a second generation antipsychotic. 
it is a 7-hydroxyflavonol with additional hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 5 respectively; a growth inhibitor of breast tumor cells. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from a hexanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxyhexanoic acid. 
it is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt resulting from the treatment of paromomycin with sulfuric acid. A broad-spectrum antibiotic, it is used for the treatment of acute and chronic intestinal protozoal infections, but is not effective for extraintestinal protozoal infections. It is also used as a therapeutic against visceral leishmaniasis. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antiprotozoal drug, an anthelminthic drug and an antiparasitic agent. It derives from a paromomycin. it is the sulfate salt form of paromomycin, a structural derivative of neomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with amebicidal and bactericidal effects against predominantly aerobic gram-negative bacteria. Paromomycin binds specifically to the RNA oligonucleotide at the A site of bacterial 30S ribosomes, thereby causing misreading and premature termination of translation of mRNA and inhibition of protein synthesis followed by cell death. 
Chitotriose belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminoglycosides. These are molecules or a portion of a molecule composed of amino-modified sugars. Chitotriose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, chitotriose can be found in a number of food items such as saffron, mexican oregano, mammee apple, and carrot. This makes chitotriose a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the juvenile hormone family of compounds that is the methyl ester of farnesoic acid. Found in several species of crustaceans. It has a role as a crustacean metabolite. It is a juvenile hormone, an enoate ester and a fatty acid methyl ester. It derives from a farnesoic acid. 
it is an organosilicon compound that is silane in which the hydrogens have been replaced by three methyl and one ethyl group. 
MG(0:0/20:0/0:0), also known as mag(0:0/20:0) or 1-monoacylglyceride, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as endocannabinoids. These are arachidonic acid derivatives containing either an N-acetylethanolamine(type 1) or a glycerol(types 2 and 3) moiety attached to the aliphatic tail. MG(0:0/20:0/0:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. MG(0:0/20:0/0:0) has been found throughout all human tissues. Within the cell, MG(0:0/20:0/0:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as a colorless to light yellow liquid with a very pungent odor. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a white to tan solid with a weak aromatic odor. (EPA, 1998) it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of phenylhydrazine and hydrogen chloride. It contains a phenylhydrazine. 
it is an organofluorine compound that is 5-fluorocytosine substituted at the 1 position by a 2-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3-oxathiolan-5-yl group (2R,5S configuration). It is used in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV-1 infection. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It is a pyrimidone, an organofluorine compound, a monothioacetal and a nucleoside analogue. it is a synthetic fluoro derivative of thiacytidine with potent antiviral activity. it is phosphorylated to form it 5'-triphosphate within the cell. This metabolite inhibits the activity of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) reverse transcriptase both by competing with the natural substrate deoxycytidine 5'-triphosphate and by incorporation into viral DNA causing a termination of DNA chain elongation (due to the lack of the essential 3'-OH group). 
it is an adenosine 5'-phosphate that is coenzyme A in which the phosphate group at position 3' has been replaced by a hydrogen atom. It is an intermediate metabolite in pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an orally bioavailable, highly selective and potent small molecule inhibitor of the delta and gamma isoforms of phosphoinositide-3 kinase (PI3K) with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it prevents the activation of the PI3K delta/gamma-mediated signaling pathways which may lead to a reduction in cellular proliferation in PI3K delta/gamma-expressing tumor cells. Unlike other isoforms of PI3K, the delta and gamma isoforms are overexpressed primarily in hematologic malignancies and inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. By selectively targeting these PI3K isoforms, PI3K signaling in normal, non-neoplastic cells is minimally or not affected which would result in a more favorable side effect profile. 
it is the 6-O-methyl ether of erythromycin A, it is a macrolide antibiotic used in the treatment of respiratory-tract, skin and soft-tissue infections. It is also used to eradicate Helicobacter pylori in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease. It prevents bacteria from growing by interfering with their protein synthesis. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. it is a semisynthetic 14-membered ring macrolide antibiotic. it binds to the 50S ribosomal subunit and inhibits RNA-dependent protein synthesis in susceptible organisms. it has been shown to eradicate gastric MALT (mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue) lymphomas, presumably due to the eradication of tumorigenic Helicobacter pylori infection. This agent also acts as a biological response modulator, possibly inhibiting angiogenesis and tumor growth through alterations in growth factor expression. (NCI04) 
4, 5-Dichloro-3H-1, 3-dithiol-2-one, also known as 4, 5-dichloro-1, 2-dithiacyclopentenone or dichlorodithiolone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl chlorides. These are organic compounds containing the acyl chloride functional group. 4, 5-Dichloro-3H-1, 3-dithiol-2-one exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4, 5-dichloro-3H-1, 3-dithiol-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4, 5-Dichloro-3H-1, 3-dithiol-2-one is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a member of chromanes and a thiazolidinone. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, an antioxidant, a vasodilator agent, an anticonvulsant, an anticoagulant, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. it is an orally-active thiazolidinedione with antidiabetic and hepatotoxic properties and potential antineoplastic activity. it activates peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma), a ligand-activated transcription factor, thereby inducing cell differentiation and inhibiting cell growth and angiogenesis. This agent also modulates the transcription of insulin-responsive genes, inhibits macrophage and monocyte activation, and stimulates adipocyte differentiation. (NCI04) 
it is a zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the nitrogen alpha to the carboxy group. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of an it. 
2,2&#39;-azodi-(2,4-dimethylvaleronitrile) appears as an odorless white solid. May burst into flames upon exposure to fire or high heat. Dust may form an explosive mixture in air. 
it is a tetrapyrrole fundamental parent that is the octadehydro drivative of corrin. It is a member of its and a tetrapyrrole fundamental parent. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it appears as a colorless volatile liquid with a fruity, aromatic odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May irritate skin and eyes. Used to make flavoring extracts and other chemicals. it is a fatty acid methyl ester obtained by the formal condensation of isobutyric acid with ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isobutyric acid. 
(1R, 2R)-1, 2, 7, 7-Tetramethylbicyclo[2. 2. 1]heptan-2-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other (1R, 2R)-1, 2, 7, 7-Tetramethylbicyclo[2. 2. 1]heptan-2-ol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (1R, 2R)-1, 2, 7, 7-tetramethylbicyclo[2. 2. 1]heptan-2-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1R, 2R)-1, 2, 7, 7-tetramethylbicyclo[2. 2. 1]heptan-2-ol can be found in crustaceans and fishes. This makes (1R, 2R)-1, 2, 7, 7-tetramethylbicyclo[2. 2. 1]heptan-2-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as 1-thien-3-ylethanone or 3-acetothienone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Chimonanthine is a ring assembly that is 2,2',3,3',8,8',8a,8a'-octahydro-1H,1'H-3a,3a'-bipyrrolo[2,3-b]indole substituted by methyl groups at positions 1 and 1'. It is a ring assembly, a calycanthaceous alkaloid and a pyrroloindole. 
Ertapenem Sodium is the sodium salt of ertapenem, a 1-beta-methyl carbapenem and a broad-spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ertapenem binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located on the bacterial cell wall, in particular PBPs 2 and 3, thereby inhibiting the final transpeptidation step in the synthesis of peptidoglycan, an essential component of the bacterial cell wall. Inhibition of peptidoglycan synthesis results in weakening and lysis of the cell wall and cell death. In vitro, this agent has shown activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. Erapenem is resistant to hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, cephalosporinases and extended-spectrum beta-lactamases. 
it is a member of the class of dithiocarbamate anions resulting from the removal of the proton from the dithiocarbamic acid moiety of dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a dimethyldithiocarbamic acid. 
it was discovered in the 1940s. They are basic polypeptides of about eight amino acids and have cationic detergent action on cell membranes. it is used for infections with gram-negative organisms, but may be neurotoxic and nephrotoxic. All gram-positive bacteria, fungi, and the gram-negative cocci, are resistant. It is appropriate for treatment of infections of the urinary tract, meninges, and blood stream, caused by susceptible strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa. it has a narrow therapeutic index and so its use is limited and unlikely to be used first line. it is a mixture of the polypeptides polymyxins B1 and B2, both obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains, with antimicrobial activity. it exerts its antimicrobial effect through its cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Specifically, this antibiotic binds to the negatively charged site in the lipopolysaccharide layer of the bacterial cell membrane via electrostatic affinity with the positively charged amino groups in the cyclic peptide portion. Subsequently, the fatty acid portion of polymyxin B dissolves in the hydrophobic region of the bacterial cell membrane. This results in an alteration in cell membrane structure, disruption of cell wall integrity and an increase in permeability for water and molecules. This will eventually lead to bacterial cell death. 
it is a derivative of biuret having three 6-isocyanatohexyl groups at the 1-, 3- and 5-positions. It derives from a biuret. 
2, 5-Dipropylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. 2, 5-Dipropylthiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 5-dipropylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Hypoxanthine, also known as purine-6-ol or Hyp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hypoxanthines. Hypoxanthines are compounds containing the purine derivative 1H-purin-6(9H)-one. Purine is a bicyclic aromatic compound made up of a pyrimidine ring fused to an imidazole ring. Hypoxanthine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Hypoxanthine has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in most biofluids, including urine, cerebrospinal fluid, feces, and saliva. Within the cell, hypoxanthine is primarily located in the cytoplasm, lysosome and peroxisome. Hypoxanthine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Hypoxanthine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Hypoxanthine and ribose 1-phosphate can be biosynthesized from inosine through its interaction with the enzyme purine nucleoside phosphorylase. In addition, Hypoxanthine and phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate can be biosynthesized from inosinic acid; which is mediated by the enzyme hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase. In humans, hypoxanthine is involved in the azathioprine action pathway, the mercaptopurine action pathway, the thioguanine action pathway, and the purine metabolism pathway. Hypoxanthine is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency, myoadenylate deaminase deficiency, adenine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency (aprt), and molybdenum cofactor deficiency. Hypoxanthine is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is an expectorant, commonly used to loosen mucus and ease congestion in patients presenting with acute or chronic bronchitis, and related pulmonary conditions. It is derived from sources such as turpentine, oregano, thyme and eucalyptus. It was popular in the United States since the late nineteenth century, but was removed from marketed medications in the 1990s after FDA stated that \ 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 10-hydroxymyoporone is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 10-hydroxymyoporone can be found in root vegetables and sweet potato. This makes 10-hydroxymyoporone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A quaternary ammonium anticholinergic agent with peripheral side effects similar to those of ATROPINE. It is used as an adjunct in the treatment of gastric and duodenal ulcer, and to relieve visceral spasms. The drug has also been used in the form of eye drops for mydriatic effect. 
it is a member of the class of oxindoles that is a kinase inhibitor used (in the form of its ethylsulfonate salt) for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist, a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist and an angiogenesis inhibitor. It is an aromatic ester, a methyl ester, a member of oxindoles, an enamine, an aromatic amine, an aromatic amide and a N-alkylpiperazine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an orally bioavailable, indolinone-derived inhibitor of multiple receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) and non-receptor tyrosine kinases (nRTKs), with potential antiangiogenic, antifibrotic and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it selectively binds to and inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR), fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR), platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR), and colony stimulating factor 1 receptor (CSF1R) tyrosine kinases, which may result in the induction of endothelial cell apoptosis, the reduction in tumor vasculature, the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and migration, and antifibrotic activity in pulmonary fibrosis. In addition, it also binds to and inhibits members of the Src family of tyrosine kinases, including Src, Lck and Lyn, and fms-like tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT-3). VEGFR, FGFR, PDGFR and CSF1R RTKs play key roles in tumor angiogenesis, tumor cell proliferation and metastasis, as well as pulmonary fibrosis. 
it is a hydroxy- and oxo- fatty acid comprising hexanoic acid substituted at C-2 and C-4 with oxo and hydroxy groups respectively. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an oxo fatty acid and a hydroxy fatty acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-2-oxohexanoate. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate consisting of 5'-xanthylic acid having an oxo group at the 8-position. It derives from a 5'-xanthylic acid. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is quinuclidine substituted at positions 1 and 4 by 2-(benzyloxy)ethyl and hydroxy(diphenyl)methyl groups respectively. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of nonanoic acid that in methyl ester form has significant nematicidal activity. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a medium-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a nonanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of cyclopentanols carrying 1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl, 4-chlorobenzyl and isopropyl substituents at positions 1, 2 and 5 respectively. Used to control a range of seed diseases in rice, vegetables and other, mainly non-food, crops. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of cyclopentanols, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of triazoles, a tertiary alcohol, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is urea in which a nitrogen attached to one of the nitrogens has been replaced by a 4,6-dipyrimidin-2-yl group while a hydrogen attached to the other urea nitrogen has been replaced by a [1-methyl-4-(2-methyl-2H-tetrazol-5-yl)-1H-pyrazol-5-yl]sulfonyl group. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide for the control of a variety of broad-leaved and sedge weeds in paddy fields and other aquatic situations. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a biaryl, a N-sulfonylurea, a member of tetrazoles and a pyrazole pesticide. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the aminoketone bupropion, with antidepressant activity and for potential use in promoting smoking cessation and improving sexual desire. Bupropion is a weak blocker of the neuronal uptake of serotonin, dopamine and norepinephrine and is a central nicotinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles carrying 4-methylsulfinylphenyl, 4-pyridyl and 4-fluorophenyl substituents at positions 2, 4 and 5 respectively. An inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, a Hsp90 inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent and an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of imidazoles, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a member of pyridines and a sulfoxide. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Strongly absorbs water from air and dissolves in it. Accordingly, used as a regenerable drying agent. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. 
it is anthracene substituted at C-9 by a propionic acid group and at C-10 by a methyl group. It is a member of anthracenes and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a hexanol in which the hydroxy group is at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol and a hexanol. 
1-methyl-4-(propan-2-yl)cyclohex-1-ene is a monoterpene that is cyclohexene carrying methyl and isopropyl substituents at positions 1 and 4 respectively. It is a monoterpene and a cycloalkene. It derives from a hydride of a p-menthane. 
it is a lipophilic, anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic. it intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair as well as inhibiting RNA and protein synthesis. This agent appears to not be a substrate for the p-glycoprotein associated multidrug-resistance (MDR) transporter; therefore, overcoming the resistance pattern seen with other anthracycline compounds. 
it is a benzoxazole in which the benzene ring is fused to a 1,2-oxazole ring across positions 3 and 4. It is a member of its and a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent. 
Epigallocatechin 3, 3', -di-O-gallate, also known as 3, 3'-di-O-galloylepigallocatechin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechin gallates. These are organic compounds containing a gallate moiety glycosidically linked to a catechin. Epigallocatechin 3, 3', -di-O-gallate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, epigallocatechin 3, 3', -di-O-gallate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, epigallocatechin 3, 3', -di-O-gallate can be found in tea. This makes epigallocatechin 3, 3', -di-O-gallate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Artemisinin is an ancient Chinese herbal therapy for malarial fevers which has been recently found to have potent activity against many forms of malarial organisms, including chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium falciparum. Several artemisinin derivatives have been developed for clinical use in prevention and treatment of malaria, some of which have been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavan that is (2S)-flavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 5, 7 and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor. It is a tetrahydroxyflavan and a catechin. It derives from a hydride of a (2S)-flavan. 
it, also known as bromoacetylcarnitine or fema 3499, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an apple, fruity, and green taste. 
it is a topical, synthetic glucocorticoid with metabolic, anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic properties. it exerts its effect by interacting with specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. This results in an induction of the synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins while inhibiting the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators. Consequently, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions is accomplished. 
it is a member of the class of methyl myo-inositols that is cyclohexane-1,2,3,4,5-pentol substituted by a methoxy group at position 6 (the 1S,2R,3R,4S,5S,6R-isomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of pyridoxine, a water-soluble vitamin B. it is converted into the active form, pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP), an essential cofactor in many enzymatic activities including synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters, and sphingolipids. This vitamin is essential to red blood cell, nervous system, and immune systems functions and helps maintain normal blood glucose levels. 
Cisplatin is a diamminedichloroplatinum compound in which the two ammine ligands and two chloro ligands are oriented in a cis planar configuration around the central platinum ion. An anticancer drug that interacts with, and forms cross-links between, DNA and proteins, it is used as a neoplasm inhibitor to treat solid tumours, primarily of the testis and ovary. Commonly but incorrectly described as an alkylating agent due to its mechanism of action (but it lacks alkyl groups). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a photosensitizing agent, a cross-linking reagent, a genotoxin, a nephrotoxin and a mutagen. 
Bosentan is a sulfonamide-derived, competitive and specific endothelin receptor antagonist with a slightly higher affinity for the endothelin A receptor than endothelin B receptor. Bosentan blocks the action of endothelin 1, an extremely potent endogenous vasoconstrictor and bronchoconstrictor, by binding to endothelin A and endothelin B receptors in the endothelium and vascular smooth muscle. Bosentan decreases both pulmonary and systemic vascular resistance and is particularly used in the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. 
it is a cycloit consisting of the cyclic disulfide of (2Z)-2-aminobut-2-enoyl, L-valyl, (3S,4E)-3-hydroxy-7-sulfanylhept-4-enoyl, D-valyl and D-cysteinyl residues coupled in sequence and cyclised head-to tail. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor. It is a cycloit, an organic disulfide and a heterocyclic antibiotic. it is a bicyclic it antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Chromobacterium violaceum with antineoplastic activity. After intracellular activation, it binds to and inhibits histone deacetylase (HDAC), resulting in alterations in gene expression and the induction of cell differentiation, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. This agent also inhibits hypoxia-induced angiogenesis and depletes several heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90)-dependent oncoproteins. 
it is a hydroxamic acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of glycine with the amino group of hydroxylamine. It has a role as an EC 1.4.4.2 [glycine dehydrogenase (aminomethyl-transferring)] inhibitor. It is a glycine derivative and a hydroxamic acid. 
A glucaric acid-iron conjugate that is used in the treatment of IRON-DEFICIENCY ANEMIA, including in patients with chronic kidney disease, when oral iron therapy is ineffective or impractical. 
Beta-D-it is a monosaccharide derivative that is the carboxamide of beta-D-glucuronic acid It is a monosaccharide derivative and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a beta-D-glucuronic acid. 
N, N-Diethylbenzeneacetamide, also known as N, N-diethylphenylacetamide or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylacetamides. These are amide derivatives of phenylacetic acids. N, N-Diethylbenzeneacetamide exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N, N-diethylbenzeneacetamide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N, N-diethylbenzeneacetamide can be found in green vegetables. This makes N, N-diethylbenzeneacetamide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a triamino-1,3,5-triazine having a polysubstituted naphthalene group attached to one of the exocyclic nitrogens. It has a role as an epitope and a dye. It is a triamino-1,3,5-triazine, an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid and a monoazo compound. 
it is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid that is nonadecanoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It derives from a nonadecanoic acid. 
it is an N-acyl-L-homoserine lactone having 3-oxododecanoyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a N-(3-oxododecanoyl)homoserine lactone and a N-acyl-L-homoserine lactone. It is an enantiomer of a N-(3-oxododecanoyl)-D-homoserine lactone. 
it is an organofluorine compound that is haloperidol in which the hydroxy group has been eliminated with the introduction of a double bond in the piperidine ring, and the 4-chlorophenyl group has been replaced by a benzimidazol-2-on-1-yl group. It is used in the management of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, and in conjunction with an opioid analgesic such as fentanyl to maintain the patient in a calm state of neuroleptanalgesia with indifference to surroundings but still able to cooperate with the surgeon. It has a role as an antiemetic, a dopaminergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic and an anaesthesia adjuvant. It is a member of benzimidazoles, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ketone. it is a butyrophenone with anti-emetic, sedative and anti-anxiety properties. Although the exact mechanism through which it exerts its effects is unknown, it may block dopamine receptors in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ), which may lead to its anti-emetic effect. This agent may also bind to postsynaptic gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), which increases the inhibitory effect of GABA and leads to sedative and anti-anxiety activities. 
it is a benzoic acid derivative carrying 3-, 4- and 5-methoxy substituents. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzoic acids and a member of methoxybenzenes. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4,5-trimethoxybenzoate. 
A nicotinic cholinergic antagonist often referred to as the prototypical ganglionic blocker. It is poorly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and does not cross the blood-brain barrier. It has been used for a variety of therapeutic purposes including hypertension but, like the other ganglionic blockers, it has been replaced by more specific drugs for most purposes, although it is widely used a research tool. 
it is a nucleoside analogue in which adenosine has been modified by substitution at C-2 by a methylthio (methylsulfanyl) group and at the 6-amino nitrogen by a Delta(2)-isopentenyl group. It derives from an adenosine. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is quinoline-2-carboxylic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at C-4 and C-8. It has a role as a metabotropic glutamate receptor agonist, an iron chelator, a vesicular glutamate transport inhibitor and an animal metabolite. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid and a dihydroxyquinoline. It is a conjugate acid of a xanthurenate. 
(2S, 4R)-p-Mentha-1(7), 8-dien-2-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (2S, 4R)-p-Mentha-1(7), 8-dien-2-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (2S, 4R)-p-mentha-1(7), 8-dien-2-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (2S, 4R)-p-mentha-1(7), 8-dien-2-ol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (2S, 4R)-p-mentha-1(7), 8-dien-2-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03817411 (it in Combination With Capecitabine/ Oxaliplatin in 1st Line Gastric or GEJ Cancer). 
it is a member of the class of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes that is 2,3-difluoro-6-(trifluoromethyl)benzenecarboxamidine in which the hydrogen attached to the imino nitrogen is replaced by a cyclopropylmethoxy group while one of the hydrogens attached to the other nitrogen is replaced by a phenylacetyl group. It is used as a fungicide for the control of powdery mildew in cereal crops as well as in apple and pear orchards. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a carboxamidine, an oxime O-ether, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a difluorobenzene and an amide fungicide. 
it is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of pyridines and a sulfoxide. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor and an anti-ulcer drug. it is a substituted benzimidazole prodrug with selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor activity. it prodrug is converted to an active sulfonamide derivative in the acidic environment of the gastric parietal cell; the sulfonamide derivative binds to the gastric proton pump H+/K+ ATPase and forms a stable disulfide bond with the sulfhydryl group near the potassium-binding site on the luminal side, resulting in inactivation of the ATPase and a reduction in gastric acid secretion. This agent does not have anticholinergic or histamine H2 -receptor antagonistic properties. 
it is the S-acryloyl derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 2-enoyl-CoA and a monounsaturated fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a coenzyme A and an acrylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is an orally bioavailable cyclin dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits the activity of CDK1/Cyclin B, CDK2/Cyclin E, CDK4/Cyclin D1, and CDK9/Cyclin T1, serine/threonine kinases that play key roles in the regulation of the cell cycle progression and cellular proliferation. Inhibition of these kinases leads to cell cycle arrest during the G1/S transition, thereby leading to an induction of apoptosis, and inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. CDKs are often dysregulated in cancerous cells. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 4' and prenyl groups at positions 3' and 5' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is a member of the class of mastopyrans that is a 14-amino acid polypeptide comprising isoleucyl, lysyl, tryptophyl, lysyl, alanyl, isoleucyl, leucyl, aspartyl, alanyl, valyl, lysyl, lysyl, valyl, and isoleucinamide residues coupled in sequence. It is the major active component of the venom of the hornet Vespa analis and causes degranulation of mast cells. It exhibits antimicrobial activity against both Gram-positive and -negative bacteria as well as haemolytic activity on chicken, human and sheep erythrocytes. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is a member of mastoparans and a peptidyl amide. 
it is a steroid phosphate that is the 21-O-phospho derivative of cortisol. It is a cortisol ester, a steroid phosphate, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a cortisol phosphate(2-). 
it is a member of the class of isocoumarins that is 1H-isochromen-1-one substituted by a 2,4-dioxopentyl group at position 3 and by hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 8. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a heptaketide, a member of isocoumarins, a member of phenols, a beta-diketone and a methyl ketone. 
it is an acetate ester that is butyl acetate substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a butyl acetate. 
A water-soluble, colorless crystal with an acid taste that is used as a chemical intermediate, in medicine, the manufacture of lacquers, and to make perfume esters. It is also used in foods as a sequestrant, buffer, and a neutralizing agent. (Hawley's Condensed Chemical Dictionary, 12th ed, p1099; McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific and Technical Terms, 4th ed, p1851) 
it is the sulfate salt of kanamycin, a naturally occurring aminoglycoside antibiotic with antimicrobial property. Derived from Streptomyces kanamyceticus, kanamycin is an antibiotic complex consisting of three components: kanamycin A, the major component (also usually designated as kanamycin), and kanamycins B and C, the minor components. This agent irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. Specifically, this antibiotic is lodged between 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex, misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses. 
it is a propanone consisting of acetone having an amino group at the 1-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and a member of propanones. It derives from an acetone. It is a conjugate base of an ammonioacetone. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder. Slightly bitter taste. No acidic properties. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyrimidone that is dihydropyrimidine-4,6(1H,5H)-dione substituted by an ethyl and a phenyl group at position 5. It is used as an anticonvulsant for treatment of various types of seizures. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an anticonvulsant. it is an analog of phenobarbital with antiepileptic property. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it probably exerts its actions, in a manner similar to phenobarbital, via activation of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A receptor/chloride ionophore complex, which leads to prolonged and increased frequency of opening of the chloride channel within the receptor complex. This results in an alteration in the electrical activity of the nerve cell membrane, causing hyperpolarization and prevention of partial and tonic-clonic seizures. In addition, this agent is partially metabolized to phenobarbital and phenylethylmalonamide (PEMA), which may also contribute to its anti-seizure properties. 
it appears as a colorless odorless poisonous liquid. Corrosive to metals and tissue. It is used in electroplating, metal cleaning and making diazo salts. it is a boron fluoride. It is a conjugate acid of a tetrafluoroborate(1-). 
it is a phthalic acid monoester resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxy gruops of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of 3-(hydroxymethyl)heptanoic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a phthalic acid monoester and a dicarboxylic acid. 
Nogalamycin is an anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces nogalater. Nogalamycin intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase I, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it appears as an odorless, light-gray to glassy-black solid. A naturally occurring aluminosilicate rock. May contain trace amounts of crystalline silica dust, a chronic health hazard by inhalation. 
it is a cytotoxic platinum compound in clinical development for the treatment of patients with solid tumors. It causes apoptosis (cell death) by binding to DNA and interfering with DNA replication and transcription. it is a new generation organic platinum analog with an extended spectrum of antineoplastic activity. Designed to overcome platinum drug resistance, picoplatin alkylates DNA, forming both inter- and intra-strand cross-linkages, resulting in inhibition of DNA replication and transcription, and the induction of apoptosis. 
it is a thiazolidine-containing homodetic cyclic peptide that is isolated from human nasal bacteria. Exhibits bactericidal activity against many major pathogens including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). It has a role as a rat metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, a macrocycle, a member of thiazolidines, a member of indoles and a peptide antibiotic. 
Se-it is an alpha-amino acid compound having methylselanylmethyl as the side-chain. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a human metabolite. It is a member of selenocysteines and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a Se-methylselenocysteinium. It is a conjugate acid of a Se-methylselenocysteinate. 
Edetate Disodium is the disodium salt form of edetate, a heavy metal chelating agent with anti-hypercalcemic and anti-arrhythmic properties. Edetate, a heavy metal antagonist, chelates divalent and trivalent metals, forming soluble stable complexes which are readily excreted by the kidneys, thereby can be used to lower serum calcium concentrations. In addition, this agent exerts a negative inotropic effect on the heart through a transiently induced hypocalcemic state, thereby antagonizing the inotropic and chronotropic effects of digitalis glycosides on the ventricles of the heart. Upon ocular administration, edetate exerts its ophthalmic effect by chelating calcium to form soluble complexes, thereby removing corneal calcium deposits. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is trans-sinapyl alcohol attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a primary alcohol and a dimethoxybenzene. It derives from a trans-sinapyl alcohol. 
it is a hexaric acid resulting from formal oxidative ring cleavage of allose. It is a conjugate acid of an allarate(1-). 
it is a quinolone that is pefloxacin in which the ethyl group at position 1 of the quinolone has been replaced by a p-fluorophenyl group. A broad-spectrum antibiotic effective against both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, it is used (usually as the monohydrochloride salt) for the treatment of bacterial infections in dogs. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a quinolone, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a quinolone antibiotic, a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea substituted by a 3,4-dichlorophenyl group at position 1. It is a metabolite of the herbicide diuron. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of phenylureas. 
it is a leucoanthocyanidin that is the 3-deoxy derivative of (2R,3S,4S)-leucocyanidin. It is a pentahydroxyflavan and a leucoanthocyanidin. It derives from a (2R,3S,4S)-leucocyanidin. 
it is a dihydroxybenzaldehyde carrying hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 5. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. 
it is a cyclic hemiketal isolated from the fermentation broth of Pseudomonas sp.no.2663. It displays potent cytotoxic activity against human tumour cells. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic hemiketal, an organochlorine compound, a member of pyrans and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3'-prenylated isoflavanones. These are isoflavanones featuring a C5-isoprenoid unit at the 3'-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pigeon pea and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of urocanic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a urocanic acid. 
1, 2, 4, 5, 7-Pentathiocane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic disulfides. These are organosulfur compounds with the general formula RSSR' (R, R' = alkyl, aryl). 1, 2, 4, 5, 7-Pentathiocane exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1, 2, 4, 5, 7-pentathiocane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1, 2, 4, 5, 7-pentathiocane can be found in green vegetables, mushrooms, and pulses. This makes 1, 2, 4, 5, 7-pentathiocane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a clear colorless to light amber liquid with a spicy odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a phosphoramide. It has a role as a mutagen and an insect sterilant. 
Remdesivir is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-[(S)-{[(2R,3S,4R,5R)-5-(4-aminopyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazin-7-yl)-5-cyano-3,4-dihydroxytetrahydrofuran-2-yl]methoxy}(phenoxy)phosphoryl]-L-alanine with the hydroxy group of 2-ethylbutan-1-ol. A broad-spectrum antiviral prodrug with potent in vitro antiviral activity against a diverse panel of RNA viruses such as Ebola virus, MERS-CoV and SARS-CoV. It is currently in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of Covid-19 in adults. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a prodrug and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a carboxylic ester, a pyrrolotriazine, a nitrile, a phosphoramidate ester, a C-nucleoside and an aromatic amine. It derives from a GS-441524. Remdesivir is a prodrug of an adenosine triphosphate (ATP) analog, with potential antiviral activity against a variety of RNA viruses. Upon administration, remdesivir, being a prodrug, is metabolized into its active form GS-441524. As an ATP analog, GS-441524 competes with ATP for incorporation into RNA and inhibits the action of viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase. This results in the termination of RNA transcription and decreases viral RNA production. 
it, also known as caloreen or british gum, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from glycogen; which is mediated by the enzyme Alpha-amylase 1. In addition, it can be converted into Alpha-D-glucose; which is mediated by the enzyme maltase-glucoamylase, intestinal. In humans, it is involved in the starch and sucrose metabolism pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include sucrase-isomaltase deficiency, glycogen synthetase deficiency, the glycogenosis, type vi. hers disease pathway, and the mucopolysaccharidosis vi. sly syndrome pathway. 
Menthanol, also known as dihydro-terpineol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Menthanol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, menthanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Menthanol is a sweet, lime, and pine tasting compound that can be found in citrus, fats and oils, and pine nut. This makes menthanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
8, 8-Dimethoxy-2, 6-dimethyl-2-octanol, also known as hydroxycitronella dimethyl acetal or citronellal hydrate dimethylacetal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tertiary alcohols. Tertiary alcohols are compounds in which a hydroxy group, -OH, is attached to a saturated carbon atom R3COH (R not H ). 8, 8-Dimethoxy-2, 6-dimethyl-2-octanol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 8, 8-dimethoxy-2, 6-dimethyl-2-octanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 8, 8-Dimethoxy-2, 6-dimethyl-2-octanol has a green, lily, and rose acetate taste. 
A drug combination that contains THEOPHYLLINE and ethylenediamine. It is more soluble in water than theophylline but has similar pharmacologic actions. It's most common use is in bronchial asthma, but it has been investigated for several other applications. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidinylpyridines. Pyrrolidinylpyridines are compounds containing a pyrrolidinylpyridine ring system, which consists of a pyrrolidine ring linked to a pyridine ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Recurrent Fallopian Tube Cancer, Secondary Acute Myeloid Leukemia, de Novo Myelodysplastic Syndromes, Recurrent Ovarian Epithelial Cancer, and Secondary Myelodysplastic Syndromes, among others. 
N-Palmitoylsphingosine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ceramides. These are lipid molecules containing a sphingosine in which the amine group is linked to a fatty acid. N-Palmitoylsphingosine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. N-Palmitoylsphingosine has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, N-palmitoylsphingosine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), endosome and intracellular membrane. 
it is a quinazoline compound having a 3-chloro-4-fluoroanilino group at the 4-position, a 4-dimethylamino-trans-but-2-enamido group at the 6-position, and an (S)-tetrahydrofuran-3-yloxy group at the 7-position. Used (as its dimaleate salt) for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of furans, an organofluorine compound, an enamide, an aromatic ether, a tertiary amino compound, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a secondary carboxamide. it is an orally bioavailable anilino-quinazoline derivative and inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) epidermal growth factor receptor (ErbB; EGFR) family, with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it selectively and irreversibly binds to and inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptors 1 (ErbB1; EGFR), 2 (ErbB2; HER2), and 4 (ErbB4; HER4), and certain EGFR mutants, including those caused by EGFR exon 19 deletion mutations or exon 21 (L858R) mutations. This may result in the inhibition of tumor growth and angiogenesis in tumor cells overexpressing these RTKs. Additionally, it inhibits the EGFR T790M gatekeeper mutation which is resistant to treatment with first-generation EGFR inhibitors. EGFR, HER2 and HER4 are RTKs that belong to the EGFR superfamily; they play major roles in both tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization and are overexpressed in many cancer cell types. 
it is pterin carrying a formyl group at position 6. It has a role as an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor and a reactive oxygen species generator. It is a member of pterins and an aldehyde. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans which consists of 1-benzofuran substituted by methoxy groups at positions 4 and 6, a prenyl group at position 5 and a 2,4-dihydroxyphenyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, an aromatic ether and a member of resorcinols. It derives from a hydride of a 1-benzofuran. 
it is a quassinoid that is picras-2-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 11, 13 and 16, methoxy groups at positions 2 and 12 and an oxo group at position 1 (the 11alpha,12beta stereoisomer). It has a role as an antifeedant. It is a quassinoid, a lactol and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of a picrasane. 
it is a tetrol that is cyclohexene in which a hydrogen attached to each of the carbons at positions 3, 4, 5, and 6 is replaced by a hydroxy group. The group consists of six possible diastereoisomers, known as its A to F, some of which can exist as two distinct enantiomers. It is a tetrol, a secondary alcohol and a cyclitol. It derives from a hydride of a cyclohexene. 
it is a glutamyl-L-amino acid obtained by formal condensation of the gamma-carboxy group of glutamic acid with the amino group of glycine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a hydrazine in which each nitrogen atom is substituted, one by a 3'-carboxy-2-hydroxy[1,1'-biphenyl]-3-yl group and the other by a 1-(3,4-dimethylphenyl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-1,5-dihydro-4H-pyrazol-4-ylidene group. A small molecule agonist of the c-mpl (TpoR) receptor (the physiological target of the hormone thrombopoietin), it has been developed as a medication for conditions that lead to thrombocytopenia (abnormally low platelet counts). It has a role as a thrombopoietin receptor agonist and a xenobiotic. It is a member of hydrazines, a member of pyrazoles and a member of benzoic acids. it is an orally active thrombopoietin receptor agonist with megakaryopoiesis stimulating activity. it binds to and stimulates the platelet thrombopoietin receptor (TPO-R or CD110), a member of the hematopoietin receptor superfamily. Activation of TPO-R leads to the proliferation and differentiation of megakaryocytes, thereby increasing the production of blood platelets. 
it is a glycoside phosphate that is salicin bearing an O-phospho group at position 6. It derives from a salicin. It is a conjugate acid of a salicin-6-phosphate(2-). 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains an ampicillin(1-). it is the sodium salt form of ampicillin, a broad-spectrum semisynthetic derivative of aminopenicillin. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by binding to penicillin binding proteins, thereby inhibiting peptidoglycan synthesis, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 47Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. it is an aliphatic nitrile that is acetonitrile in which two of the hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylethers. These are aromatic ethers with the general formula ROCR' (R = alkyl, aryl; R'=benzene). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a floral and rose tasting compound that can be found in mushrooms and nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 5alpha-androstane compound having 3alpha-hydroxy-, 17beta-acetoxy-, 2beta-morpholino- and 16beta-N-allyllyrrolidinium substituents. It has a role as a neuromuscular agent, a muscle relaxant and a drug allergen. It is an androstane, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a quaternary ammonium ion, an acetate ester, a member of morpholines and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is the 7-methyl ether derivative of kaempferol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone, a member of flavonols and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a kaempferol. 
Geneticin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by Micromonospora rhodorangea. It blocks polypeptide synthesis by inhibiting the elongation step in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antiparasitic agent, an antiprotozoal drug and a coccidiostat. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as toluenes. Toluenes are compounds containing a benzene ring which bears a methane group. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a C21-steroid that is cortisol in which the 21-hydroxy group has been oxidised to the corresponding aldehyde. It is a 21-oxo steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a C21-steroid, a steroid aldehyde and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a progesterone. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-pregnane. 
it is a chlorophenoxyacetate anion that is the conjugate base of (2,4-dichlorophenoxy)acetic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a 2,4-D. 
it is a nucleotide-aldonic acid, a monophosphoglyceric acid and a tetronic acid derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-ADP-glycerate(3-). 
it is a C18, long straight-chain monounsaturated fatty acid anion; and the conjugate base of oleic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an oleic acid. 
The sodium salts of the fatty acids in cod liver oil; an irritant and sclerosing agent used to treat varicose veins and arthritic joints. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a cytarabine congener prodrug with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, ancitabine is slowly hydrolyzed into cytarabine. Subsequently, cytarabine is converted to the triphosphate form within the cell and then competes with cytidine for incorporation into DNA. Because the arabinose sugar sterically hinders the rotation of the molecule within DNA, DNA replication ceases, specifically during the S phase of the cell cycle. Cytarabine agent also inhibits DNA polymerase, resulting in a decrease in DNA replication and repair. Compared to cytarabine, a more prolonged, consistent cytarabine-mediated therapeutic effect may be achieved with ancitabine because of the slow hydrolytic conversion of ancitabine to cytarabine. 
it appears as colorless to brown crystals. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. it is an anilide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of propanoic acid with the amino group of 3,4-dichloroaniline. It is a herbicide used for the treatment of numerous grasses and broad-leaved weeds in rice, potatoes, and wheat. It has a role as a herbicide. It is an anilide and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a 3,4-dichloroaniline. 
it is a member of the class of 5beta-cholanic acids that is (5beta)-cholan-24-oic acid substituted by alpha-hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 6. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid, a member of 5beta-cholanic acids, a 6alpha,20xi-murideoxycholic acid and a C24-steroid. It derives from a cholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a hyodeoxycholate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of prilocaine, an intermediate-acting local anesthetic of the amide type chemically related to lidocaine. it binds to voltage-gated sodium ion channels in the neuronal membrane, thereby preventing the permeability of sodium ions. This leads to a stabilization of the neuronal membrane and inhibits depolarization and results in a reversible blockage of nerve impulse generation and propagation along nerve fibres and subsequent reversible loss of sensation. 
it appears as colorless or yellowish powder. Possible bluish color depending on copper content. (NTP, 1992) it A2 is a it. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. it A2 is the primary it species in it sulfate, a mixture of the sulfate salts of several basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. it A2 forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. (NCI04) it is a mixture of glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces verticillus. it forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, almond, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an apo carotenoid sesquiterpenoid that is it in which the double bonds at positions 2 and 4 have E (trans) configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a plant growth retardant. It is an enal, an apo carotenoid sesquiterpenoid and an epoxide. 
it is an amino acid amide that is L-tyrosine in which the carboxy OH group is replaced by NH2. It is an amino acid amide and a L-tyrosine derivative. 
it is an adenosine 5'-phosphate that is the monohexadecyl ester of AMP. It has a role as a fungicide and an EC 6.2.1.3 (long-chain-fatty-acid--CoA ligase) inhibitor. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. 
it is a member of rifamycins. It has a role as an antitubercular agent. it is a semisynthetic it antibiotic with potent antimycobacterial properties. it inhibits bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, thereby suppressing the initiation of RNA formation and leading to inhibition of RNA synthesis and transcription. (NCI04) 
it is an anthocyanidin cation that is cyanidin substituted by a hydroxy group at position 6. It derives from a cyanidin cation. 
A 37-amino acid residue peptide isolated from the scorpion Leiurus quinquestriatus hebraeus. It is a neurotoxin that inhibits calcium activated potassium channels. 
it is a member of the class of morpholines that is cis-2,6-dimethylmorpholine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a racemic 2-methyl-3-[p-(2-methylbutan-2-yl)phenyl]propyl group. An inhibitor of the action of squalene monooxygenase, Delta(14) reductase and D7-D8 isomerase and an antifungal agent, it is used (generally as its hydrochloride salt) for the topical treatment of fungal nail and skin infections. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 5.3.3.5 (cholestenol Delta-isomerase) inhibitor and an EC 1.3.1.70 (Delta(14)-sterol reductase) inhibitor. It is a tertiary amino compound and a morpholine antifungal drug. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1+). it is a morpholine antifungal agent for topical use. it inhibits delta-14-reductase and delta-7,8-isomerase, which depletes ergosterol and causes ignosterol to accumulate in the fungal cytoplasmic cell membrane. 
2-it appears as a colorless to light yellow liquid with an acrid odor. Insoluble in water and floats on water. Irritates the eyes and produces tears. 
it appears as white rhombic crystals. Sensitive to light. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Severely toxic by inhalation and ingestion. it is a mercury coordination entity composed of mercury and bromine with the formula it. 
it is the (R)-stereoisomer of lactaldehyde. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. 
(R)-5-[2-(methylthio)ethyl]hydantoin is a D-5-monosubstituted hydantoin in which the substituent is specified as 2-(methylthio)ethyl. It derives from a D-methionine. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-5-[2-(methylthio)ethyl]hydantoin. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of thifensulfuron with methanol. It is used as a post-emergence herbicide for the control of grass and broad-leaved weeds. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a N-sulfonylurea, a member of thiophenes, a member of 1,3,5-triazines and a methyl ester. It derives from a thifensulfuron. 
it is a pyrrolopyrimidine that is 7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-amine which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 5, and 6, by a mesityl group at position 7, and in which the amino substituent at position 4 has been substituted by ethyl and butyl groups. It is an antagonist of corticotropin-releasing factor 1 (CRF-1) receptors (Ki = 1 nM). It has a role as a corticotropin-releasing factor receptor antagonist. It is a pyrrolopyrimidine and a tertiary amino compound. 
7,10,13,16-docosatetraenoic acid is a docosatetraenoic acid in which the four double bonds are located at positions 7, 10, 13 and 16 (geometry unspecified). It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02724085 (A Phase 1 Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and PK of IV it). 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 2H,5H-[1,3]oxazino[5,6-c][1,2]benzothiazine-2,4(3H)-dione 6,6-dioxide substituted at positions 3 and 5 by pyridin-2-yl and methyl groups respectively. A prodrug of piroxicam, it is used for the relief of pain and inflammation in musculoskeletal disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. It has a role as a prodrug, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a non-narcotic analgesic, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a member of pyridines and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It derives from a piroxicam. 
it is a sesquiterpene that is cedrane which has a double bond between positions 8 and 9. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene, a bridged compound and a polycyclic olefin. It derives from a hydride of a cedrane. 
it is a 6-methoxy-11-methyl-1,3,4,9,10,10a-hexahydro-2H-10,4a-(epiminoethano)phenanthrene in which the stereocenters at positions 4a, 10 and 10a have R-configuration. It is a prodrug of levorphanol and a strong narcotic analgesic, and listed as a schedule II controlled substance. It has a role as an opioid analgesic and a prodrug. It derives from a Levorphanol. It is an enantiomer of a dextroit. 
7-glycidyloxy-9-(2-glycidyloxycarbonylphenyl)-2-xanthone is an epoxide fluorescent probe for use in in vivo visualization of hydrogen sulfide. The probe employs a fluorescein as a fluorophore, and is equipped with an operating epoxide unit. it functions via epoxide ring opening via nucleophilic attack by H2S. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. It is an epoxide, a benzoate ester, an aromatic ether and a xanthene dye. It derives from a fluorescein. 
it is a hydroxybenzaldehyde that is 4-hydroxybenzaldehyde substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3 and 5. Isolated from Pisonia aculeata and Panax japonicus var. major, it exhibits hypoglycemic activity. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxybenzaldehyde and a dimethoxybenzene. 
it is a colorless to off-white crystalline solid. Starts turning brown at approximately 329Â°F; is blackish-brown at melting point. (NTP, 1992) it is a macrodiolide that is 13,19-didehydrosenecionan bearing two additional hydroxy substituents at positions 12 and 18 as well as two additional oxo groups at positions 11 and 16. It has a role as a genotoxin, a mutagen and a carcinogenic agent. It is a pyrrolizine alkaloid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an olefinic compound and a macrodiolide. It derives from a senecionan. 
it is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with a [(2Z)-2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-4-carboxybut-2-enoyl]amino substituent at the 7 position of the cephem skeleton. An orally-administered agent, it is used as the dihydrate to treat urinary-tract and respiratory-tract infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin and a dicarboxylic acid. it is a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is the 2-methyl-3-oxo derivative of propanoic acid. It is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an aldehyde. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methyl-3-oxopropanoate. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Slightly denser than water. Flash point 194Â°F. Boiling point 401Â°F. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be slightly toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is an aromatic alcohol that consists of benzene bearing a single hydroxymethyl substituent. It has a role as a solvent, a metabolite, an antioxidant and a fragrance. 
it A is a member of the family of azadirachtins that is isolated from the neem tree (Azadirachta indica). It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent. It is an azadirachtin, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an acetate ester, an epoxide, an enoate ester, a cyclic hemiketal, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and a methyl ester. 
it is a structural analog of clofibrate, converted to its free acid form after oral administration. it reduces LDL-cholesterol and increased HDL-cholesterol and improves the clearance of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins by improving lipoprotein-lipase activity. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is geranial bearing an oxo substituent at position 8. It is a monoterpenoid, a dialdehyde and an enal. 
it is a disaccharide formed between beta-D-galactose and D-gluconic acid. It has a role as an antioxidant. It derives from a lactose. It is a conjugate acid of a lactobionate. 
it is the thioether resulting from the formal oxidative coupling of the thiol group of L-cysteine with the 7-position of (2Z)-2-({[(1S)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropyl]carbonyl}amino)hept-2-enoic acid. It is an inhibitor of dehydropeptidase I (membrane dipeptidase, 3.4.13.19), an enzyme found in the brush border of renal tubes and responsible for degrading the antibiotic imipenem. it is therefore administered (as the sodium salt) with imipenem to prolong the antibacterial effect of the latter by preventing its renal metabolism to inactive and potentially nephrotoxic products. it also acts as a leukotriene D4 dipeptidase inhibitor, preventing the metabolism of leukotriene D4 to leukotriene E4. It has a role as a protease inhibitor, an EC 3.4.13.19 (membrane dipeptidase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a L-cysteine derivative, an organic sulfide and a carboxamide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as porrate b, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzofurans. Dibenzofurans are compounds containing a dibenzofuran moiety, which consists of two benzene rings fused to a central furan ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid that is octadecanoic acid carrying a hydroxy group at position 10. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hydroxy fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 10-hydroxyoctadecanoate. 
(S)-2-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid is an optically active form of 2-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid having (S)-configuration. It is a 2-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid and a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-2-hydroxyoctadecanoate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of pivalic acid. It is a conjugate base of a pivalic acid. 
it is a disaccharide derivative that is isovitexin substituted at position 2'' on the glucose ring by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound, a disaccharide derivative and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from an isovitexin. 
Decanal propyleneglycol acetal, also known as decanal or 4-methyl-2-nonyl-1, 3-dioxolane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. Decanal propyleneglycol acetal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, decanal propyleneglycol acetal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Decanal propyleneglycol acetal has a floral and green taste. 
A specific blocker of dopamine receptors. It speeds gastrointestinal peristalsis, causes prolactin release, and is used as antiemetic and tool in the study of dopaminergic mechanisms. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining eprazinone with two molar equivalents of hydrochloric acid. It has a role as a mucolytic. It contains an eprazinone(2+). 
it is a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid that is (5beta)-cholan-24-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid, a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a C24-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is cytidine in which the 2-keto group on the cytosine ring is substituted by the amino group of agmatine. It derives from an agmatine. 
it is a benzenedicarboxylic acid that is isophthalic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a hydroxybenzoic acid, a member of phenols and a benzenedicarboxylic acid. It derives from an isophthalic acid. 
Heavy, shiny, colorless or white crystals. Used in the manufacture of imitation diamonds. Also used in analysis to test for carbon disulfide and as a fungicide. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-glyceraldehyde. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a L-glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate. 
it is a monothiocarbamic ester that is carbamothioic S-acid substituted by two ethyl groups at the nitrogen atom and a 2-chlorobenzyl group at the the sulfur atom. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a herbicide. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a monothiocarbamic ester. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is heptadecanoic acid (margaric acid) substituted by a methyl group at position 16. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It derives from a heptadecanoic acid. 
it is a thia fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of lipoic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. It derives from an octanoate. It is a conjugate base of a lipoic acid. 
3, 11, 12-Trihydroxy-1(10)-spirovetiven-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. 3, 11, 12-Trihydroxy-1(10)-spirovetiven-2-one is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 11, 12-trihydroxy-1(10)-spirovetiven-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3, 11, 12-trihydroxy-1(10)-spirovetiven-2-one can be found in alcoholic beverages and potato. This makes 3, 11, 12-trihydroxy-1(10)-spirovetiven-2-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
(2E)-2-benzylidene-3-(cyclohexylamino)indan-1-one is a 2-benzylidene-3-(cyclohexylamino)indan-1-one in which the double bond has E configuration. An inhibitor of the dual specificity phosphatase 6 (Dusp6). It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is norbornane with 2-endo-amino, 2-exo-benzoyl and 3-exo-phenyl substituents. It has a role as an epitope. It is a primary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a hydride of a norbornane. 
A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted to active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo. 
it, also known as fema 3608, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as secondary alcohols. Secondary alcohols are compounds containing a secondary alcohol functional group, with the general structure HOC(R)(R') (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Leucyl-histidine, also known as it or leu-his, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Leucyl-histidine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as thiazole, 4-methyl-5-ethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is an earthy, green, and nut tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organic sodium salt which is the tetrasodium salt of eritoran. It contains an eritoran(4-). it is the tetrasodium salt of a synthetic analogue of the lipid A portion of the endotoxin lipopolysaccharide (LPS) with potential immunomodulating activity. Eritoran binds to the Toll-like receptor (TLR)/CD14/MD2 receptor complex present on most cells of the immune system, inhibiting the activation of the receptor complex by LPS, which may result in the inhibition of pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion and a potentially fatal systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS). LPS is found in the outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria and binds to the TLR/CD14/MD2 receptor complex of immune cells, especially macrophages, resulting in the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of 17beta-estradiol 17-glucosiduronic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid anion, a steroid glucosiduronic acid anion and a beta-D-glucosiduronate. It is a conjugate base of a 17beta-estradiol 17-glucosiduronic acid. 
it appears as orange microcrystals or powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 7-hydroxy-8-[(E)-phenyldiazenyl]naphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid. It is often combined with other yellow dyes in alcoholic solution to stain erythrocytes in trichrome methods, and is used for demonstrating cells in the pancreas and pituitary. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a 7-hydroxy-8-[(E)-phenyldiazenyl]naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Progressive Nonfluent Aphasia, Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, Predicted Tauopathies, Including, Corticobasal Degeneration Syndrome, and Frontotemporal Dementia With Parkinsonism Linked to Chromosome 17.  it is the first drug to improve memory performance by impacting the mechanisms that lead to physical damage in the brain caused by neurofibrillary tangles, one of the two established pathological hallmarks that are common to amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). it is derived from a naturally occurring neuroprotective brain protein known as activity dependent neuroprotective protein. 
it is a member of indoles, a member of pyrroles and a member of maleimides. It has a role as a metabolite. 
Taxol appears as needles (from aqueous methanol) or fine white powder. An anti-cancer drug. Paclitaxel is a compound extracted from the Pacific yew tree Taxus brevifolia with antineoplastic activity. Paclitaxel binds to tubulin and inhibits the disassembly of microtubules, thereby resulting in the inhibition of cell division. This agent also induces apoptosis by binding to and blocking the function of the apoptosis inhibitor protein Bcl-2 (B-cell Leukemia 2). (NCI04) 
it is a steroid ester that is pregn-4-en-21-yl acetate substituted by oxo group at positions 3 and 20, a methyl group at position 6 and hydroxy groups at positions 11 and 17 respectively. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a steroid ester, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is a naphtho-gamma-pyrone that is 4H-naphtho[1,2-b]pyran-4-one carrying a methyl substituent at position2, a hydroxy substituent at position 5 and two methoxy substotuents at positions 8 and 10. Originally isolated from Aspergillus niger. It has a role as an acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase 2 inhibitor, an Aspergillus metabolite, a marine metabolite and an antiviral agent. It is a naphtho-gamma-pyrone, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. 
Beta-Santalene, also known as B-santalene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Beta-Santalene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Beta-santalene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Beta-santalene can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes Beta-santalene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an octadecadienoate that is the conjugate base of dihomolinoleic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a dihomolinoleic acid. 
3',5-dihydroxy-3,4',7-trimethoxyflavone is a trimethoxyflavone that is quercetin in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3, 4' and 7 have been replaced by methoxy groups. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. It is a conjugate acid of a 3',5-dihydroxy-3,4',7-trimethoxyflavone(1-). 
it is the benzenesulfonate salt of mesoridazine prepared using equimolar amounts of mesoridazine and benzenesulfonic acid. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist and a first generation antipsychotic. It contains a mesoridazine. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-phenylpropionic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-phenylpropionic acid. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-benzoxazoles that is 1,3-benzoxazole substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a flavouring agent. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-benzoxazole. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate and a biotin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Isoalantolactone, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmanolides, secoeudesmanolides, and derivatives. These are terpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmanolide (a 3, 5a, 9-trimethyl-naphtho[1, 2-b]furan-2-one derivative) or secoeudesmanolide (a 3, 6-dimethyl-5-(pentan-2-yl)-1-benzofuran-2-one derivative) skeleton. Isoalantolactone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, isoalantolactone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, isoalantolactone can be found in herbs and spices. This makes isoalantolactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 3beta and 12alpha. The 3beta-hydroxy epimer of deoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a bile acid, a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3beta,12alpha-dihydroxy-5beta-cholan-24-oate. 
5-O-phosphono-alpha-D-ribofuranosyl diphosphate is a derivative of alpha-D-ribose having a phosphate group at the 5-position and a diphosphate at the 1-position. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-ribose. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-O-phosphonato-alpha-D-ribofuranosyl diphosphate(5-). 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans that is 1-benzofuran substituted by a butyl group at position 2 and a 4-[2-(diethylamino)ethoxy]-3,5-diiodobenzoyl group at position 3. It is a cardiovascular drug used for the treatment of cardiac dysrhythmias. It has a role as a cardiovascular drug. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, an organoiodine compound, an aromatic ketone and a tertiary amino compound. it is an iodine-rich benzofuran derivative with antiarrhythmic and vasodilatory activities. As a class III antiarrhythmic agent, it blocks the myocardial calcium, potassium and sodium channels in cardiac tissue, resulting in prolongation of the cardiac action potential and refractory period. In addition, this agent inhibits alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors, resulting in a reduction in sympathetic stimulation of the heart, a negative chronotropic effect, and a decrease in myocardial oxygen demands. it may cause vasodilation by stimulation of the release of nitric oxide and cyclooxygenase-dependent relaxing endothelial factors. 
it appears as odorless or practically odorless white to off-white crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a monocarboxylic acid that is butanoic acid substituted by an amino group at position 4 and a 4-chlorophenyl group at position 3. It acts as a central nervous system depressant, GABA agonist and muscle relaxant. It has a role as a muscle relaxant, a central nervous system depressant and a GABA agonist. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a primary amino compound, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a gamma-amino acid. it is a synthetic chlorophenyl-butanoic acid derivative used to treat spasms due to spinal cord damage and multiple sclerosis, muscle-relaxing it acts as a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) agonist specific for GABA-B receptors. It acts at spinal and supraspinal sites, reducing excitatory transmission. (NCI04) 
it, also known as prolinal or proline aldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidines. Pyrrolidines are compounds containing a pyrrolidine ring, which is a five-membered saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one nitrogen atom and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-pyrrolidinecarboxaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as fema 2873, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, floral, and fruity taste. 
The decarboxylation product of UDPglucuronic acid, which is used for formation of the xylosides of seryl hydroxyl groups in mucoprotein synthesis. Also forms plant xylans. 
it is a long-acting benzodiazepine with anxiolytic, sedative and hypnotic activity. it exerts its effect by binding to the benzodiazepine site at the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor-chloride ionophore complex in the central nervous system (CNS). This leads to an increase in the opening of chloride channels, membrane hyperpolarization and increases the inhibitory effect of GABA on the CNS. 
it is a straight-chain alkane comprising of 29 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a sharp pungent odor. Soluble in water and floats on water. Moderately toxic by ingestion and is an irritant to eyes and skin. Used in the chemical process industry. 
Leu-leu-leu, also known as trileucine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Leu-leu-leu is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Leu-leu-leu has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a biphenylyltetrazole. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an angiotensin receptor antagonist. it is a synthetic imidazole derivative and angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity. it selectively binds to the angiotensin type 1 (AT1) receptor subtype in vascular smooth muscle and adrenal gland, thereby competing with angiotensin II for binding to the AT1 receptor. This prevents angiotensin II-induced vasoconstriction and interferes with angiotensin II-mediated aldosterone secretion, thereby decreasing aldosterone production and preventing aldosterone-stimulated sodium retention and potassium excretion. 
it is a diterpenoid of icetexane type isolated from roots of Salvia lanigera and has been shown to exhibit antibacterial activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound, a member of phenols and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid comprising tetradecanoic acid carrying a 12-methyl substituent. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a branched-chain saturated fatty acid. 
it is a carnitinium that is the conjugate acid of (S)-carnitine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-carnitine. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-carnitinium. 
it is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. it shows antiviral activity against wild-type HIV as well as HIV strains with mutations in reverse transcriptase. Due to no statistically-significant difference between standard triple-drug HIV therapies and the same therapy with it, its development was discontinued by the developer. 
Aminosalicylate Sodium is the sodium salt form of aminosalicylic acid, an analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with antitubercular activity. Aminosalicylate sodium exerts its bacteriostatic activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis by competing with PABA for enzymes involved in folate synthesis, thereby suppressing growth and reproduction of M. tuberculosis, eventually leading to cell death. 
P(1),P(4)-bis(uridin-5'-yl) tetraphosphate is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate compound having 5'-uridinyl residues at the P(1)- and P(4)-positions. It has a role as a P2Y2 receptor agonist and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate and a uridine 5'-phosphate. 
it is an amino tetrasaccharide comprising the sequence alpha-L-DeltaHexA(2S)-(1->4)-alpha-D-GlcNS(6S)-(1->4)-alpha-L-IdoA-(1->4)-alpha-D-GlcNS(6S). It is an amino tetrasaccharide, a heparin tetrasaccharide and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 
3a, 7a, 12a-Trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. 3a, 7a, 12a-Trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3a, 7a, 12a-Trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3a, 7a, 12a-trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm and mitochondria. 3a, 7a, 12a-Trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 3a, 7a, 12a-Trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA can be biosynthesized from 3a, 7a, 12a-trihydroxy-5b-cholestanoic acid through the action of the enzyme bile acyl-CoA synthetase. In addition, 3a, 7a, 12a-Trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA can be converted into 3a, 7a, 12a-trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA through its interaction with the enzyme Alpha-methylacyl-CoA racemase. In humans, 3a, 7a, 12a-trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA is involved in congenital bile acid synthesis defect type III pathway, the cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) pathway, bile acid biosynthesis pathway, and congenital bile acid synthesis defect type II pathway. 3a, 7a, 12a-Trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include the zellweger syndrome pathway, 27-hydroxylase deficiency, and the familial hypercholanemia (fhca) pathway. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a disagreeable odor. A moderate fire hazard that may yield toxic fumes when heated above 392Â°F. Irritating to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Heavier than air. If exposed to prolonged fire or intense heat, the container may rupture violently or rocket. it is an it and a mononuclear parent hydride. It is a conjugate base of a stibonium. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that is 4-hydroxy-1H-pyrazole-5-carboxamide in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a beta-D-ribofuranosyl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite, an EC 4.1.1.23 (orotidine-5'-phosphate decarboxylase) inhibitor and an antimicrobial agent. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a member of pyrazoles. It derives from a beta-D-ribose. it is a nucleoside analog. it potently inhibits orotidine 5'-monophosphate (OMP) decarboxylase, thereby interfering with de novo synthesis of uridine nucleotides and resulting in cytotoxicity. This agent also causes a rapid depletion of the pyrimidine deoxynucleotide pool, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis and cell replication. (NCI04) 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide that is succinamic acid substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It is an oxo carboxylic acid and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from a succinamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxosuccinamate. 
1-Epi-alpha-gurjunene, also known as 4-aromadendrene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 5, 10-cycloaromadendrane sesquiterpenoids. These are aromadendrane sesquiterpenoids that arise from the C5-C10 cyclization of the aromadendrane skeleton. 1-Epi-alpha-gurjunene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-epi-alpha-gurjunene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01140672 (A Multiple Dose Study To Determine Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics Of it In Healthy Adult Subjects). 
it is a cyanogenic glucoside isolated from almonds and seeds of other plants of the family Rosaceae. it is converted by plant emulsin (a combination of a glucosidase and a nitrilase) or hydrochloric acid into benzaldehyde, D-glucose, and hydrocyanic acid. (NCI04) 
it is a synthetic pentafluorophenylsulfonamide with potential antineoplastic activity. it covalently binds to beta tubulin, resulting in a disruption of microtubule polymerization, collapse of the cytoskeleton, cell cycle arrest, and tumor cell apoptosis. 
4-nitrophenyl alpha-D-glucoside is an alpha-D-glucoside that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 4-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a member of nitrobenzenes, a monosaccharide derivative and an alpha-D-glucoside. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleotide sugars. These are purine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an imidazolyl carboxylic acid that is lactic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by an imidazol-1-yl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an imidazolyl carboxylic acid. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine having methoxy substituents at the 2- and 6-positions and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 4-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antimicrobial agent, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a drug allergen. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide, a substituted aniline, an aromatic ether and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a long-acting sulfonamide antibiotic used in veterinary medicine. it inhibits bacterial synthesis of folic acid by competing with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) for the binding site on dihydropteroate synthase. 
it is a triazolopyrimidine that is an adenosine isostere; the cyclopentane ring is similar to ribose and the nitrogen-rich [1,2,3]triazolo[4,5-d]pyrimidine moiety resembles the nucleobase adenine. A platelet aggregation inhibitor which is used for prevention of thromboembolic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist. It is a member of triazolopyrimidines, an organofluorine compound, an aryl sulfide, a secondary amino compound and a hydroxyether. 
it (anhydrous) is an aminopyrimidine that is 2-methylpyrimidine which is substituted at position 4 by the primary amino group of 2-amino-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxylic acid and at position 6 by a 4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl group, and in which the carboxylic acid group has been formally condensed with 2-chloro-6-methylaniline to afford the corresponding amide. A multi-targeted kinase inhibitor, it is used, particularly as the monohydrate, for the treatment of chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia. Note that the name 'it' is used to refer to the monohydrate (USAN) as well as to anhydrous it (INN). It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, an anticoronaviral agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound, an organochlorine compound, an aminopyrimidine, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a N-arylpiperazine and a N-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazine. it Anhydrous is an orally bioavailable synthetic small molecule-inhibitor of SRC-family protein-tyrosine kinases. it binds to and inhibits the growth-promoting activities of these kinases. Apparently because of its less stringent binding affinity for the BCR-ABL kinase, it has been shown to overcome the resistance to imatinib of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) cells harboring BCR-ABL kinase domain point mutations. SRC-family protein-tyrosine kinases interact with variety of cell-surface receptors and participate in intracellular signal transduction pathways; tumorigenic forms can occur through altered regulation or expression of the endogenous protein and by way of virally-encoded kinase genes. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-valine, L-aspartic acid, and L-proline joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-valine, a L-aspartic acid and a L-proline. 
it is the acetate salt form of pirbuterol, a synthetic catecholamine and a pyridine derivative with sympathomimetic and bronchodilatory effects. it selectively stimulates beta-2 adrenergic receptors, resulting in initiation of intracellular adenylate cyclase activity leading to increased levels of cAMP. As a result muscle relaxation (broncho- and vasodilation) occurs via cAMP-dependent signal transduction. In addition, elevated levels of cAMP inhibit release of inflammatory mediators from mast cells. 
it is a member of the class of benzoquinones that is p-benzoquinone in which the hydrogens are substituted by three methyl groups and a 12-hydroxydodeca-5,10-diyn-1-yl group. It has a role as an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor. It is a primary alcohol, an acetylenic compound and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. 
it, also known as isocaprylate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. it exists as a liquid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isocaprylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, isocaprylic acid can be found in alcoholic beverages and fats and oils. This makes isocaprylic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
R-29148 is a member of the class of oxazolidines that is 1,3-oxazolidine which is substituted by two methyl groups, dichloroacetyl group and a methyl group at positions 2, 3 and 5, respectively. It is a herbicide safener. It has a role as a herbicide safener. It is a member of oxazolidines, a tertiary carboxamide and an organochlorine compound. 
it is an anthocyanidin chloride that has pelargonidin as the cationic counterpart. It has a role as a phytoestrogen and a plant metabolite. It contains a pelargonidin. 
it is an L-leucine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-leucine with the amino group of 4-methoxy-2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an amino acid amide, a L-leucine derivative, an aromatic amide, a member of naphthalenes and an aromatic ether. 
it is a benzoic acid derivative anesthetic agent, with local anesthetic activity. Upon administration, it stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels. This inhibits the sodium ion influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses within the neuronal cell, increases the threshold for electrical stimulation and results in a loss of sensation. 
17-beta-Estradiol-3, 17-beta-sulfate, also known as 17-b-estradiol-3, 17-b-sulfuric acid or e2-3S-17S, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sulfated steroids. These are sterol lipids containing a sulfate group attached to the steroid skeleton. 17-beta-Estradiol-3, 17-beta-sulfate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 17-beta-Estradiol-3, 17-beta-sulfate has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 17-beta-estradiol-3, 17-beta-sulfate is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as MP3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in nuts. This makes it potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Methyl 2-methylpropyl 2,6-dimethyl-4-(2-nitrophenyl)-1,4-dihydropyridine-3,5-dicarboxylate is a dihydropyridine that is 1,4-dihydropyridine which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 6, a methoxycarbonyl group at position 3, an o-nitrophenyl group at position 4, and an isobutoxycarbonyl group at position 5. The racemate, a calcium channel blocker, is used in the treatment of hypertension and angina pectoris. It is a C-nitro compound, a diester, a dihydropyridine, a methyl ester and a member of dicarboxylic acids and O-substituted derivatives. it is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocking agent. it inhibits the transmembrane influx of extracellular calcium ions into myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cells, causing dilatation of the main coronary and systemic arteries and decreasing myocardial contractility. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in some multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
it is a it that has (2R,3R)-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of isononanol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a (1E)-1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol that has S configuration at the chiral centre. It is the enantiomer of (R)-uniconazole; the fungicide and plant growth retardant uniconazole is the racemic mixture comprising (R)-uniconazole and it. It has a role as a plant growth retardant, an antifungal agrochemical and an EC 1.14.13.78 (ent-kaurene oxidase) inhibitor. It is a (1E)-1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-uniconazole. 
it is an antifungal agent used as a topical cream. It was discontinued in favor of newer antifungals with fewer side effects. 
Alpha-L-Fuc-(1->2)-[alpha-D-Gal-(1->3)]-beta-D-Gal is a branched trisaccharide consisting of beta-D-galactose having an alpha-L-fucosyl residue at the 2-position and an alpha-D-galactosyl residue at the 3-position. It has a role as an epitope. 
it is an N-hydroxysuccinimide ester derived from 6,8-difluoro-7-hydroxycoumarin-3-carboxylic acid (pacific blue). A fluorescent dye of excitation wavelength 403 nm and emission wavelength 455 nm. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a hydroxycoumarin, an organofluorine compound and a N-hydroxysuccinimide ester. It derives from a pacific blue. 
it is an alkanesulfonic acid in which the sulfo group is directly linked to a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an isethionate. 
it is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxytetradecanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid anion and a long-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxytetradecanoic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 1,8-diethyl-1,3,4,9-tetrahydropyrano[3,4-b]indol-1-yl moiety. A preferential inhibitor of cyclo-oxygenase 2 and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory, it is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis, and for the alleviation of postoperative pain. Administered as the racemate, only the (S)-enantiomer is active. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a non-narcotic analgesic and an antipyretic. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organic heterotricyclic compound. it is a pyranocarboxylic acid and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with antipyretic and analgesic activities. it inhibits the activity of cyclooxygenase I and II, thereby preventing the formation of prostaglandin which is involved in the induction of pain, fever, and inflammation. It also inhibits platelet aggregation by blocking platelet cyclooxygenase and the subsequent formation of thromboxane A2. 
it is a dihydroxybenzaldehyde that is 2,4-dihydroxybenzaldehyde in which the hydrogens at positions 5 and 6 have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 
it is a member of imidazoles, a dichlorobenzene, an aromatic ether and a carboxamidine. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist and an antihypertensive agent. 
it is a cephalosporin. It has a role as a prodrug. Ceftobiprole Medocaril is a water-soluble prodrug of ceftobiprole, a pyrrolidinone cephalosporin antibiotic, with bactericidal activity. Ceftobiprole binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), enzymes involved in the terminal stages of bacterial cell wall assembly and cell wall reshaping during bacterial growth and division. This agent exhibits a broad spectrum of activity against gram-negative and gram-positive pathogens including methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA), vancomycin-intermediate S. aureus (VISA) and vancomycin-resistant S. aureus (VRSA). Ceftobiprole is refractory to hydrolysis by class A and class C lactamases. 
it is an acyclic carotene having the structure of lycopene with two hydrogen atoms abstracted from the C(3)-C(4) bond to form an extra trans double bond. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation aminothiazolyl cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
1, 7-Dimethylguanosine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleosides. Purine nucleosides are compounds comprising a purine base attached to a ribosyl or deoxyribosyl moiety. 1, 7-Dimethylguanosine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a polyether that is the bis(4-guanidinophenyl) ether of propane-1,3-diol. Used (as its isethionate salt) for the treatment of minor eye or eyelid infections, such as conjunctivitis and blepharitis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antiseptic drug. It is a member of guanidines, an aromatic ether and a polyether. It derives from a propane-1,3-diol. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is a formulation of the synthetic monobactam antibiotic, aztreonam and lysine used in an inhaled form for the treatment of chronic airway infections by Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients with cystic fibrosis. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
trans-p-Menth-2-ene-1, 4-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. trans-p-Menth-2-ene-1, 4-diol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, trans-p-menth-2-ene-1, 4-diol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, trans-p-menth-2-ene-1, 4-diol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes trans-p-menth-2-ene-1, 4-diol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an aromatic ether that is phenoxyacetic acid in which the phenyl ring is substituted by chlorines at positions 2 and 3, and by a 2-methylidenebutanoyl group at position 4. It is a loop diuretic used to treat high blood pressure resulting from diseases such as congestive heart failure, liver failure, and kidney failure. It is also a glutathione S-transferase (EC 2.5.1.18) inhibitor. It has a role as an ion transport inhibitor, an EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor and a loop diuretic. It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid, an aromatic ketone and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from an acetic acid. it is an unsaturated ketone derivative of aryloxyacetic acid without a sulfonamide substituent belonging to the class of loop diuretics. it is extensively bound to plasma proteins; both it in its unchanged form as well as its metabolites are excreted in bile and urine. 
5,6-epoxyretinoic acid is a retinoid obtained by epoxidation across the 5,6-double bond of retinoic acid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a rat metabolite and an EC 4.1.1.17 (ornithine decarboxylase) inhibitor. It is a retinoid and an epoxide. It derives from an all-trans-retinoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5,6-epoxyretinoate. 
it appears as an off-white to amber liquid with a mild odor of rotten eggs. Used as an insecticide and acaricide, primarily for citrus crops and deciduous fruits and nuts. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a it carrying the chloro group at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a it and a 2-halobenzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-chlorobenzoic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride form of exaprolol, a lipophilic derivative of the adrenergic blocking agent propranolol with sympatholytic activity. Exaprolol competitively binds to and blocks beta-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle, thereby causing negative chronotropic and inotropic effects leading to a reduction in cardiac output. 
it is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid consisting of pentanoic acid carrying a hydroxy group at C-5. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid, a straight-chain fatty acid and a 5-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-hydroxypentanoate. 
Aflatoxin g2 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as difurocoumarolactones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a delta-valerolactone ring fused to the coumarin moiety of the difurocoumarin skeleton. Aflatoxin g2 exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, aflatoxin G2 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
3-(3, 5-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-(3, 5-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
One of the CYCLIC PEPTIDES from Streptomyces that is active against gram-positive bacteria. In veterinary medicine, it has been used in mastitis caused by gram-negative organisms and in dermatologic disorders. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-2,6-dideoxy-beta-L-glucose as the sugar component. It is a dTDP-sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a dTDP-L-glucose. 
3-Methyl valeric acid, also known as 3-methylvalerate or 3-methyl-N-pentanoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methyl-branched fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an acyl chain that has a methyl branch. Usually, they are saturated and contain only one or more methyl group. However, branches other than methyl may be present. 3-Methyl valeric acid is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Methyl valeric acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-methyl valeric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
6-n-propyl-2-thiouracil appears as odorless white crystalline powder of starch-like appearance. Bitter taste. Saturated solution is neutral or slightly acid to litmus. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyrimidinethione consisting of uracil in which the 2-oxo group is substituted by a thio group and the hydrogen at position 6 is substituted by a propyl group. It has a role as an antithyroid drug, a carcinogenic agent, an antimetabolite, a hormone antagonist, an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor, an antioxidant and an antidote to paracetamol poisoning. It derives from a uracil. it is a thiourea derivative with antithyroid property. it (PTU) interferes with the oxidation of iodine possibly by interaction with peroxidase or a peroxidase-mediated complex reaction, thereby inhibiting synthesis of thyroid hormones tri-iodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4). In addition, this agent inhibits the Type I 5'-deiodinase (D1), an enzyme involved in the peripheral conversion of thyroxine to tri-iodothyronine. This results in decreased plasma triodothyronine concentrations and decreased entrance of thyroxine into cells thereby reducing thyroid hormone activity. 
it is a proanthocyanidin isolated form Ephedra sinica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a proanthocyanidin and a hydroxyflavan. 
(R)-S-Lactoylglutathionate(1-), also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds (R)-S-Lactoylglutathionate(1-) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Gamma-it, also known as G-carboxyglutamate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). Gamma-it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylnaphthalenes. Phenylnaphthalenes are compounds containing a phenylnaphthalene skeleton, which consists of a naphthalene bound to a phenyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monomethoxybenzene that is o-cresol in which phenolic hydroxy group has been converted to the corresponding methyl ether. A 'green' solvent (b.p. 171 â„ƒ) and food flavour ingredient, it is found in mastic oils, virgin olive oils and frankincense. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent and a flavouring agent. It is a monomethoxybenzene, a volatile organic compound and a member of toluenes. It derives from an o-cresol. 
A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of metformin with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a hypoglycemic agent and a xenobiotic. It contains a metformin(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of the biguanide metformin with antihyperglycemic and potential antineoplastic activities. Metformin inhibits complex I (NADPH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase) of the mitochondrial respiratory chain, thereby increasing the cellular AMP to ATP ratio and leading to activation of AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and regulating AMPK-mediated transcription of target genes. This eventually prevents hepatic gluconeogenesis, enhances insulin sensitivity and fatty acid oxidation and ultimately leads to a decrease in glucose levels. Metformin may exert antineoplastic effects through AMPK-mediated or AMPK-independent inhibition of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), which is up-regulated in many cancer tissues. Furthermore, this agent also inhibits tumor cell migration and invasion by inhibiting matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) expression which is mediated through the suppression of transcription activator protein-1 (AP-1) activation. 
it appears as a clear to light-yellow liquid. Highly soluble though slightly denser than water. May be toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Corrosive to skin. Used to make other chemicals. 
An anti-inflammatory agent, structurally related to the SALICYLATES, which is active in INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE. It is considered to be the active moiety of SULPHASALAZINE. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed) 
it is a it obtained by methylation of the tertiary amino function of (R)-reticuline. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid and a it. It derives from a (S)-reticuline. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-it. 
it is a 6-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is heptanoic acid bearing isopropenyl and oxo substituents at positions 3 and 6 respectively. It derives from a heptanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoate. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is the acetate ester of citronellol. It has been isolated from Citrus hystrix. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester and a monoterpenoid. It derives from a citronellol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexenones. Cyclohexenones are compounds containing a cylohexenone moiety, which is a six-membered aliphatic ring that carries a ketone and has one endocyclic double bond. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a levo isoform of leucovorin calcium with antineoplastic activity. Levoleucovorin is an active metabolite of folic acid, which does not require metabolism by dihydrofolate reductase. This agent counteracts the toxic effects of other folic acid derivative agents, rescuing the patient while permitting the antitumor activity of the folate antagonist. This agent also potentiates the effects of fluorouracil and its derivatives by stabilizing the binding of the drug's metabolite to its target enzyme, thus prolonging drug activity. 
The first mixed agonist-antagonist analgesic to be marketed. It is an agonist at the kappa and sigma opioid receptors and has a weak antagonist action at the mu receptor. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1991, p97) 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 4,9-dihydro-10H-benzo[4,5]cyclohepta[1,2-b]thiophen-10-one which is substituted at position 4 by a 1-methylpiperidin-4-ylidene group. A blocker of histamine H1 receptors with a stabilising action on mast cells, it is used (usually as its hydrogen fumarate salt) for the treatment of asthma, where it may take several weeks to exert its full effect. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-asthmatic drug. It is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, a member of piperidines, an olefinic compound and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a cycloheptathiophene derivative with anti-allergic activity. it selectively blocks histamine (H1) receptors and prevents the typical symptoms caused by histamine release. This agent also interferes with the release of inflammatory mediators from mast cells involved in hypersensitivity reactions, thereby decreasing chemotaxis and activation of eosinophils. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Toxic by skin absorption and ingestion and irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is the N-methyl-derivative of hydantoin. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a hydantoin. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 3a,4,8,9a-tetrahydro-2H-furo[3,2-g][2]benzopyran-2,9(3H)-dione that is substituted at positions 3, 6, and 9a by hexanoyl, (1E)-prop-1-en-1-yl and methyl groups, respectively (the 3S,3aR,9aR diastereoisomer). One of the azaphilonoid pigments in extracts of Monascus pilosus-fermented rice (red-mould rice), it is a potent inhibitor of carcinogenesis measured against chemical- or UV-initiated, phorbol-promoted mouse skin tumours. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a PPARgamma agonist, an antilipemic drug and a fungal metabolite. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a gamma-lactone, an alpha,beta-unsaturated ketone and a polyketide. 
it is an aspartic acid derivative that is L-aspartic acid in which one of the amine hydrogens is substituted by a 9-beta-D-ribofuranosyl-9H-purin-6-yl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of adenosines, an amino dicarboxylic acid and a L-aspartic acid derivative. It derives from an adenosine and a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. 
it is a flurbiprofen. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-flurbiprofen. it is an orally active synthetic enantiomer of flurbiprofen. it activates c-Jun N terminal kinase, increases AP-1 binding to DNA, and downregulates cyclin D1 expression, resulting in arrest of tumor cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle and apoptosis. This agent also affects the expression of nuclear factor kappa B, a rapid response transcription factor that stimulates the immune response to tumor cells. it does not inhibit the enzyme cyclo-oxygenase. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group) it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm it has a fresh and fruity taste. 
it is a hydrochloride salt that is obtained by reaction of vanoxerine with two equivalents of hydrogen chloride. Potent, competitive inhibitor of dopamine uptake (Ki = 1 nM for inhibition of striatal dopamine uptake). Has > 100-fold lower affinity for the noradrenalin and 5-HT uptake carriers. Also a potent sigma ligand (IC50 = 48 nM). Centrally active following systemic administration. It has a role as a dopamine uptake inhibitor. It contains a vanoxerine(2+). 
Lanreotide is a synthetic polypeptide analogue of it that resembles the native hormone in its ability to suppress levels and activity of growth hormone, insulin, glucagon and many other gastrointestinal peptides. Because its half-life is longer than it, lanreotide can be used clinically to treat neuroendocrine tumors that secrete excessive amounts of growth hormone (acromegaly) or other active hormones or neuropeptides. Lanreotide has many side effects including suppression of gall bladder contractility and bile production, and maintenance therapy may cause cholelithiasis and pancreatitis as well accompanying liver injury. 
it is an iminium salt composed of 4-([4-(dimethylamino)phenyl]{4-[methyl(phenyl)amino]naphthalen-1-yl}methylidene)-N,N-dimethylcyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-iminium and chloride ions in a 1:1 ratio. It binds to nucleic acids and can be used in standardised staining techniques suitable for automated cell-pattern recognition. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an organic chloride salt and an iminium salt. It contains a it(1+). 
Copolymer of divinyl ether and maleic anhydride that acts as an immunostimulant with antineoplastic and anti-infective properties. It is used in combination with other antineoplastic agents. 
3, 4-Heptanedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two ketone groups on two adjacent carbon atoms. 3, 4-Heptanedione is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 4-heptanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3, 4-heptanedione can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 3, 4-heptanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A PHOSPHODIESTERASE TYPE-5 INHIBITOR; VASODILATOR AGENT and UROLOGICAL AGENT that is used in the treatment of ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION and PRIMARY PULMONARY HYPERTENSION. 
it is a member of the class of isoxazoles that is 1,2-oxazole substituted by a 2-(methanesulfonyl)-4-(trifluoromethyl)benzoyl group and a cyclopropyl group at positions 4 and 5, respectively. It is a 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase inhibitor which is used as a herbicide for weed control in maize and sugarcane. It has a role as an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor, a proherbicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of cyclopropanes, a member of isoxazoles, an aromatic ketone, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a sulfone. 
it is a fatty amide of hexanoic acid. It is a primary carboxamide and a primary fatty amide. It derives from a hexanoic acid. 
it is a third generation semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it inhibits mucopeptide synthesis by binding to and inactivating penicillin binding proteins thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of bacterial cell walls. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it is a member of indoles, a member of ureas, a member of thiophenes and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. 
it is a member of the class of 4'-methoxyisoflavones that is 4'-methoxyisoflavone that is also substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7. It is a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones and a member of 7-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from an isoflavone. 
it is a terpene ketone in which a (9E,13E)-geranylgernayl group is bonded to one of the alpha-methyls of acetone (it is a mixture of 5E- and 5Z-geoisomers in a 3:2 ratio). It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug, a cardioprotective agent, a hepatoprotective agent, a nephroprotective agent, a neuroprotective agent and a Hsp70 inducer. It is a methyl ketone and a terpene ketone. It contains a geranylgeranyl group. 
A non-peptide, kappa-opioid receptor agonist which has also been found to stimulate the release of adrenocorticotropin (ADRENOCORTICOTROPIC HORMONE) via the release of hypothalamic arginine vasopressin (ARGININE VASOPRESSIN) and CORTICOTROPIN-RELEASING HORMONE. (From J Pharmacol Exp Ther 1997;280(1):416-21) 
it is the 5-hydroxy-6-methyl derivative of nicotinic acid. It is a monohydroxypyridine and a member of methylpyridines. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-hydroxy-6-methylpyridine-3-carboxylate. 
it is a colorless gas with an offensive odor. It is toxic by inhalation. it is decomposed by water giving off hydrogen, another flammable gas and boric acid a non-regulated material. Its vapors are heavier than air. Long term exposure to low concentrations or short term exposure to high concentrations can result in adverse health effects from inhalation. It is used in electronics.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 2.5 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Intermediate chemical manufacturing; very flammable. 
13-hydroperoxyoctadeca-9, 11-dienoic acid is classified as a lineolic acids or a derivative. A lineolic acids or a derivative are derivatives of lineolic acid. Lineolic acid is a polyunsaturated omega-6 18 carbon long fatty acid, with two CC double bonds at the 9- and 12-positions. 13-hydroperoxyoctadeca-9, 11-dienoic acid is considered a practically insoluble (in water), acidic compound. 
it is a linear tetrapyrrole fundamental parent that consists of four pyrrole units connected via methylene linkages between positions 2 and 5. It is a tetrapyrrole fundamental parent and a member of its. 
itifen citrate is a citrate salt. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It contains a tamoxifen. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that is docosa-2,4,8,10,14,18,20-heptaenedioic acid substituted at positions 2 ,5 and 17 by methyl groups, at positions 6 by a methoxy group and at position 20 by a carboxymethyl group. It has a role as an apoptosis inhibitor, an EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor, a toxin and an ATP/ADP translocase inhibitor. It is a tricarboxylic acid and an ether. 
(5E)-5-(4-chlorobenzylidene)-2,2-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)cyclopentanol is a member of the class of cyclopentanols carrying 1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl and 4-chlorobenzylidene and geminal dimethyl substituents at positions 1, 2 and 5 respectively. It is a member of triazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of cyclopentanols, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
it is a 4-hydroxymandelic acid that has S-configuration. It is a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a 4-hydroxymandelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-4-hydroxymandelate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-4-hydroxymandelic acid. 
CDP-choline is a member of the class of phosphocholines that is the chloine ester of CDP. It is an intermediate obtained in the biosynthetic pathway of structural phospholipids in cell membranes. It has a role as a human metabolite, a psychotropic drug, a neuroprotective agent, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phosphocholines and a member of nucleotide-(amino alcohol)s. It derives from a CDP. It is a conjugate base of a CDP-choline(1+). it is a nutritional supplement and source of choline and cytidine with potential neuroprotective and nootropic activity. it, also known as cytidine-5-diphosphocholine or CDP-choline, is hydrolyzed into cytidine and choline in the intestine. Following absorption, both cytidine and choline are dispersed, utilized in various biosynthesis pathways, and cross the blood-brain barrier for resynthesis into it in the brain, which is the rate-limiting product in the synthesis of phosphatidylcholine. This agent also increases acetylcholine (Ach), norepinephrine (NE) and dopamine levels in the central nervous system (CNS). In addition, it is involved in the preservation of sphingomyelin and cardiolipin and the restoration of Na+/K+-ATPase activity. it also increases glutathione synthesis and glutathione reductase activity, and exerts antiapoptotic effects. 
it is a p-menthane monoterpenoid that is p-menth-2-ene with a peroxy group across position 1 to 4. It has a role as an antinematodal drug, a plant metabolite and an antileishmanial agent. It is a p-menthane monoterpenoid, an organic peroxide and an organic heterobicyclic compound. 
it is the stable isotope of boron with relative atomic mass 11.009306, 80.1 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 3/2. 
it is a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of stearic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA and an 11,12-saturated fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it appears as a colorless gas with a disagreeable odor of fish or garlic. Boiling point -126Â°F; freezing point -209Â°F. Very toxic by inhalation at extremely low concentrations. Prolonged heating may cause containers to rupture violently and rocket.   Rate of onset: Immediate & Delayed (Lungs)  Persistence: Minutes - hours  Odor threshold: 0.9 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Insecticide; used in manufacture of flame retardants and incendiaries. it is the simplest phosphine, consisting of a single phosphorus atom with three hydrogens attached. It has a role as a pesticide and a carcinogenic agent. It is a member of its, a phosphine and a mononuclear parent hydride. It is a conjugate base of a phosphonium. It is a conjugate acid of a phosphanide. 
it is a malate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the two carboxy groups of malic acid with two molecules of ethanol respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole which is substituted at positions 1, 3 and 5 by 4-sulfamoylphenyl, trifluoromethyl and 4-fluorophenyl groups, respectively. A selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, it is used in veterinary medicine to treat pain and inflammation in dogs with degenerative joint disease. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a sulfonamide, an organofluorine compound and a member of pyrazoles. 
it is a organic chloride salt having oxythiamine as the counterion. It has a role as an antimetabolite and a vitamin B1 antagonist. It contains an oxythiamine(1+). 
it is a cytidine 3'-phosphate compound with a monophosphate group at the 3'-position. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a cytidine 3'-phosphate and a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
Cefmenoxime Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of cefmenoxime, a third-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cefmenoxime binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
6-{(1S,5S)-4-oxo-5-[(2Z)-pent-2-en-1-yl]cyclopent-2-en-1-yl}hexanoate is an oxo monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of 6-{(1S,5S)-4-oxo-5-[(2Z)-pent-2-en-1-yl]cyclopent-2-en-1-yl}hexanoic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 6-{(1S,5S)-4-oxo-5-[(2Z)-pent-2-en-1-yl]cyclopent-2-en-1-yl}hexanoic acid. 
it is an androstanoid that is testosterone substituted by a alpha-hydroxy group at position 15. A natural product found in Daphnia magna exposed to the biocide tributyltin. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite and an androgen. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 15alpha-hydroxy steroid and an androstanoid. It derives from a testosterone. 
it is an organic chloride salt composed of {diazenediylbis[(4,1-phenylene)(6-methyl-1,3-benzothiazole-2,5-diyl)methylenesulfanediyl]}bis[(dimethylamino)-N,N-dimethylmethaniminium] and chloride ions in a 1:2 ratio. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an iminium salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains an it cation. 
it is a diesterified 1,4-dihydropyridine-3,5-dicarboxylic acid. A calcium channel blocker, it is used as an antihypertensive. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker, an antihypertensive agent and a cardiovascular drug. It is a dihydropyridine, a 2-methoxyethyl ester and a C-nitro compound. 
it is a C-glycosyl pyrimidine that consists of uracil having a beta-D-ribofuranosyl residue attached at position 5. The C-glycosyl isomer of the nucleoside uridine. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. 
A synthetic analog of vasopressin with ORNITHINE substitution at residue 8 of the cyclic nonapeptide. It is used as a local vasoconstrictor and hemostatic. 
it appears as a yellowish to white solid. Mixtures with combustible material readily ignite by friction, heat, or contact with moisture. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may cause vigorous decomposition of the material and rupturing of the container. 
it, also known as spermate 2 or aspa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the beta carbon atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) with potential antineoplastic activity. it competes with estradiol in binding to estrogen receptor alpha (ER alpha), thereby inhibiting ER alpha-mediated signal transduction and gene expression. In addition, it exerts intrinsic estrogenic activity depending on the tissue. Clinical development of it has not been preceded due to its side effect profile and lack of increased efficacy over tamoxifen. 
it is a D-alanine derivative arising from reductive N-alkylation of D-alanine by pyridoxal-5-phosphate. It has a role as an epitope. It is a D-alanine derivative, a D-alpha-amino acid, a monohydroxypyridine and a phosphate monoester. It derives from a pyridoxal. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(5'-phosphonatopyridoxyl)-D-alaninate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a N-(5'-phosphopyridoxyl)-L-alanine. 
it is a member of guanidines, a L-arginine derivative, a beta-lactam, a monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a proclavaminic acid. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thietanes. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated four-member ring with three carbon atoms and one sulfur atom. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of CRPC, Prostate Cancer, and Castration-resistant Prostate Cancer. it is an orally available non-steroidal, lyase-selective inhibitor of the steroid 17-alpha-hydroxylase/C17,20 lyase (CYP17A1 or CYP17), with potential anti-androgenic and antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, it selectively inhibits the enzymatic activity of the cytochrome P450 C17,20 lyase in both the testes and adrenal glands, thereby inhibiting androgen production. This may decrease androgen-dependent growth signaling and may inhibit cell proliferation of androgen-dependent tumor cells. The cytochrome P450 enzyme CYP17A1, localized to the endoplasmic reticulum, exhibits both 17alpha-hydroxylase and 17,20-lyase activities; it plays a key role in the steroidogenic pathway. The lyase-selective activity of it prevents the increased synthesis of mineralocorticoids that is normally seen with non-selective CYP17 inhibitors, which also inhibit the 17-alpha-hydroxylase activity of CYP17A1. 
it is an antibody drug conjugate containing the humanized monoclonal antibody, hRS7, against tumor-associated calcium signal transducer 2 (TACSTD2 or TROP2) and linked to the active metabolite of irinotecan, 7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecin (SN-38), with potential antineoplastic activity. The antibody moiety of it selectively binds to TROP2. After internalization and proteolytic cleavage, SN-38 selectively stabilizes topoisomerase I-DNA covalent complexes, resulting in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptosis. TROP2, also known as epithelial glycoprotein-1 (EGP-1), is a transmembrane calcium signal transducer that is overexpressed by a variety of human epithelial carcinomas; this antigen is involved in the regulation of cell-cell adhesion and its expression is associated with increased cancer growth, aggressiveness and metastasis. 
it is a member of the class of benzotriazines that is 1,2,4-benzotriazine carrying an amino substituent at position 3 and two oxido substituents at positions 1 and 4. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and an antibacterial agent. It is a N-oxide, a member of benzotriazines and an aromatic amine. It derives from a 1,2,4-benzotriazine. it is a benzotriazine di-N-oxide with potential antineoplastic activity. it is selectively activated by multiple reductases to form free radicals in hypoxic cells, thereby inducing single-and double-strand breaks in DNA, base damage, and cell death. This agent also sensitizes hypoxic cells to ionizing radiation and inhibits the repair of radiation-induced DNA strand breaks via inhibition of topoisomerase II. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylethanolamines. N-acylethanolamines are compounds containing an N-acyethanolamine moiety, which is characterized by an acyl group is linked to the nitrogen atom of ethanolamine. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a roasted taste. 
it is an inhibitor of the mitochondrial respiratory chain at cytochrome bc1 and of photosynthetic electron flow immediately before cytochrome b559. It is a monohydroxyquinoline and a quinoline N-oxide. 
it is a fatty amide of stearic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of mexiletine, a local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic (Class IB) agent structurally related to lidocaine. Mexiletine exerts its antiarrhythmic effect by inhibiting the inward sodium current in cardiac cells, thereby reducing the rate of rise of the cardiac action potential (phase 0) and decreases automaticity in the Purkinje fibers. This slows nerve impulses in the heart and stabilizes the heartbeat. Mexiletine's anesthetic activity is due to its ability to block sodium influx in peripheral nerves, thereby reducing the rate and intensity of pain impulses reaching the central nervous system. 
Methyl 3-oxo-12-oleanen-28-Oate, also known as it or 1-tosylpiperidine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Methyl 3-oxo-12-oleanen-28-Oate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, methyl 3-oxo-12-oleanen-28-Oate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, methyl 3-oxo-12-oleanen-28-Oate can be found in fruits and nuts. This makes methyl 3-oxo-12-oleanen-28-Oate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
3, 5, 5-Trimethylhexanal, also known as fema 3524 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. 3, 5, 5-Trimethylhexanal exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3, 5, 5-trimethylhexanal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as 3-methylbut-2-enoyl-CoA or dimethylacryloyl-CoA, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. In humans, it is involved in the valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the isovaleric aciduria pathway, 3-methylcrotonyl CoA carboxylase deficiency type I, the maple syrup urine disease pathway, and the 3-hydroxyisobutyric aciduria pathway. 
it is a methylcatechol that is 4-methylcatechol in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a nitro group. It is a methylcatechol and a nitrotoluene. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
(S)-it is the (S)-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an expectorant and a plant metabolite. It is a it and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-it. 
it is a flavan glycoside that is (2S)-flavan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7, methoxy groups at positions 3' and 4' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at position 5 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a flavan glycoside, a methoxyflavan, a hydroxyflavan, a monosaccharide derivative and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a (2S)-flavan. 
Dihydronootkatone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Dihydronootkatone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dihydronootkatone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Dihydronootkatone has a citrus, fruit, and grapefruit taste. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 4-[(7-phenyl-3-sulfobenzo[a]phenazin-7-ium-5-yl)amino]benzene-1,3-disulfonic acid. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains an it(2-). 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 5-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a cyclohexanecarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (1S,4S)-4-hydroxy-3-oxocyclohexane-1-carboxylate. 
Macrolide antibiotic obtained from cultures of Streptomyces fradiae. The drug is effective against many microorganisms in animals but not in humans. 
it is a it having D-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-gluconic acid. 
it is a benzopyran lacking the indole ring of the triptans with vasoconstrictor activity. Alnitidan selectively binds to and activates serotonin 5-HT 1B and 1D receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby causing extracerebral, intracranial blood vessel constriction. This may lead to pain relief from vascular headaches. Furthermore, it may potentially reduce plasma protein extravasation, which may be another mechanism by which this agent relieves vascular headaches. 
it is a sulfonamide obtained by the formal condensation of perfluorooctane-1-sulfonic acid with ethylamine. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an acaricide and an insecticide. It derives from a perfluorooctane-1-sulfonic acid and an ethylamine. 
it is the D-enantiomer of 4-hydroxyphenylglycine. A non-proteinogenic amino acid found in Herpetosiphon aurantiacus. It is an enantiomer of a L-4-hydroxyphenylglycine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Ethorop is one of a family of organophosphorus pesticides. It is combustible though it may require some effort to ignite. It is very toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. It may or may not be water soluble. it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and an antinematodal drug. 
5-[(E)-caffeoyl]shikimate is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-[(E)-caffeoyl]shikimic acid. Major structure at pH 7.3 It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cyclohexenecarboxylate and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 5-[(E)-caffeoyl]shikimic acid. 
it is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is docosane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as an antiviral agent. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a fatty alcohol 22:0. It derives from a hydride of a docosane. it is a saturated 22-carbon aliphatic alcohol with antiviral activity. it has a distinct mechanism of action and inhibits fusion between the plasma membrane and the herpes simplex virus envelope, thereby preventing viral entry into cells and subsequent viral activity and replication. it is used topically in the treatment of recurrent herpes simplex labialis episodes and relieves associated pain and may help heal sores faster. 
it is a liquid. Used in the manufacture of polyurethane foams, elastomers, and coatings; crosslinking agent for nylon 6. (EPA, 1998) it is a toluene meta-diisocyanate in which the isocyanato groups are at positions 2 and 6 relative to the methyl group on the benzene ring. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. 
it is the anionic form of a fluorescent dye derived from a polyhalogenated fluorescin. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a xanthene dye and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from a fluorescin. It is a conjugate base of a rose bengal free acid. 
it is an amidobenzoic acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of [(4-methylbenzene-1-sulfonyl)oxy]acetic acid with the amino group of 4-amino-2-hydroxybenzoic acid. It has a role as a STAT3 inhibitor. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, a tosylate ester and an amidobenzoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of sulfamides that is dichlofluanid in which the hydrogen at the para position of the phenyl group is replaced by a methyl group. A fungicide first marketed in 1971 and used in the cultivation of fruit and vegetables, as well as in wood preservatives, it is no longer approved for use in the European Union. It has a role as a genotoxin and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound, a member of sulfamides and a phenylsulfamide fungicide. It derives from a sulfamide. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong odor of vinegar. Flash point 129Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Density 9.0 lb /gal. Used to make fibers, plastics, pharmaceuticals, dyes, and explosives. it is an acyclic carboxylic anhydride derived from acetic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and a reagent. 
it is an oxo fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-oxohexanoic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion, a medium-chain fatty acid anion and an oxo fatty acid anion. It derives from a hexanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 5-oxohexanoic acid. 
it is the long-acting benzathine salt form of penicillin G, a broad-spectrum penicillin antibiotic. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBP), the enzymes that catalyze the synthesis of peptidoglycan, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to the interruption of cell wall synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell growth inhibition and cell lysis. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-glutamic acid in which one of the gamma-hydrogens is substituted by a carboxy group. It is a tricarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a gamma-carboxy-L-glutamic acid zwitterion. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is lactic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a chloro group. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. 
Ancriviroc is a C-C Chemokine Receptor Type 5 (CCR5) antagonist with activity against the human immunodeficiency virus, HIV-1. Ancriviroc is an orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of HIV-1 entry via CCR5 coreceptor interaction. 
it is a synthetic, yellow crystalline solid that is insoluble in water and moderately soluble in toluene. It is not used for any commercial applications and is used only for research purposes. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides. it is found in particulate emissions from combustion products, of which diesel exhaust is the principle source. The primary route of potential human exposure to this chemical is inhalation. it has been detected at low concentrations in ambient air. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a phenyl acetate resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of 4-nitrophenol with the carboxy group of acetic acid. It is a member of phenyl acetates and a member of nitrobenzenes. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is an alkaloid that is ethanolamine having the phenyl group at the 1-position and a methyl group attached to the nitrogen. It has been isolated from Halostachys caspica. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an alkaloid and a member of phenylethanolamines. It is a conjugate base of a N-methylphenylethanolaminium. 
Furanomycin is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alanine in which the methyl group is replaced by a (2R,5S)-5-methyl-2,5-dihydrofuran-2-yl moiety. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a bacterial metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a dihydrofuran and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is an oxopurine in which the purine ring is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2, 6, and 8, and the nitrogens at positions 1, 3, and 7 are substituted by methyl groups. It is a metabolite of caffeine. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a semi-synthetic derivative of pristinamycin, a natural occurring type B streptogramin. it binds to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide chain elongation, and causing early termination of normal bacterial protein synthesis. it is primarily effective against gram-positive cocci. 
Toxins obtained from Apis mellifera (honey bee) and related species. They contain various enzymes, polypeptide toxins, and other substances, some of which are allergenic or immunogenic or both. These venoms were formerly used in rheumatism to stimulate the pituitary-adrenal system. 
it is an organic sodium salt comprising equal numbers of sodium and glycolate ions. It has a role as a keratolytic drug. It contains a glycolate. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-phenylalanine, L-threonine, and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-phenylalanine, a L-threonine and a L-serine. 
it is an epoxide that is oxirane substituted by a phenyl group at position 3 and a 4-nitrophenyl group at position 2 (the trans-isomer). It is an epoxide and a C-nitro compound. 
it is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 2 and 5. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,5-dimethylbenzoate. 
it is the sodium salt form of pyrithione, a fungistatic and antimicrobial derivative of aspergillic acid. Although the exact mechanism of action remains to be fully elucidated, pyrithione sodium appears to interfere with membrane transport ultimately leading to a loss of metabolic control. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a moldy odor. Very toxic by inhalation. Slightly soluble in water. Corrosive to tissue. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used to make other chemicals and as a component of rocket fuels. 
it is a secondary alcohol that is propan-2-ol substituted by a bromo group at position 1. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an organobromine compound and a secondary alcohol. 
it, isomeric compounds appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point 10Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used in the manufacture of other chemicals. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an unpleasant odor. Density 1.325 g / cm3. Used to make permanent wave solutions and depilatories. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a thioglycolate(1-). 
it is an anthoit that is flavylium substituted at positions 3, 3', 4', 5 and 7 by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a metabolite, a neuroprotective agent and an antioxidant. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Xi-2-methyl-1, 3-oxathiane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxathianes. Oxathianes are compounds containing an oxathiane moiety, which consists of a saturated aliphatic six-member ring with one oxygen atom, a sulfur atom, and four carbon atoms. Isomers of oxaphospholane include 1, 2-oxathiane, 1, 3-oxathiane, and 1, 4-oxathiane. Xi-2-methyl-1, 3-oxathiane is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-2-methyl-1, 3-oxathiane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-2-methyl-1, 3-oxathiane can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes xi-2-methyl-1, 3-oxathiane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a it resulting from the condensation of both of the primary hydroxy groups of glycerol with butyric acid. It is a it and a secondary alcohol. 
it is the trisodium salt form of gadofosveset, an injectable, intravascular, amphiphilic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) used with magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) imaging. Gadofosveset is a stable gadolinium diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (Gd-DTPA) chelate derivative with a diphenylcyclohexylphosphate group. Upon injection, gadofosveset binds reversibly to endogenous serum albumin which increases its intravascular retention time compared to non-protein binding contrast agents. The serum albumin binding also increases T1-relaxivity of gadofosveset. This produces an increase in signal intensity of blood, thereby enhancing the visualization of blood vessels upon MRA and may aid in the diagnosis of certain blood vessels and heart disorders. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of gadofosveset, an injectable, intravascular, amphiphilic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) used with magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) imaging. Gadofosveset is a stable gadolinium diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (Gd-DTPA) chelate derivative with a diphenylcyclohexylphosphate group. Upon injection, gadofosveset binds reversibly to endogenous serum albumin which increases its intravascular retention time compared to non-protein binding contrast agents. The serum albumin binding also increases T1-relaxivity of gadofosveset. This produces an increase in signal intensity of blood, thereby enhancing the visualization of blood vessels upon MRA and may aid in the diagnosis of certain blood vessels and heart disorders. 
Metal catalyst, wetted appears as an extremely fine gray powder mixed with water. Insoluble in water and does not react with larger volumes of water. it atom is chemical element (nickel group element atom) with atomic number 28. It has a role as an epitope and a micronutrient. It is a nickel group element atom and a metal allergen. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 28, and atomic weight 58.69. 
Para-isopropylaniline is a substituted aniline carrying an isopropyl group at position 4. It is a metabolite of isoproturon. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a beta-lactam that is azetidin-2-one which is substituted at 1, 3, and 4 by p-fluorophenyl, 3-(p-fluorophenyl)-3-hydroxypropyl, and 4-hydroxyphenyl groups, respectively (the 3R,3'S,4S enantiomer). It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug, an antilipemic drug and an antimetabolite. It is a member of azetidines, an organofluorine compound and a beta-lactam. it is an azetidinone derivative and a cholesterol absorption inhibitor with lipid-lowering activity. it appears to interact physically with cholesterol transporters at the brush border of the small intestine and inhibits the intestinal absorption of cholesterol and related phytosterols. As a result, it causes a decrease in the level of blood cholesterol or an increase in the clearance of cholesterol from the bloodstream. Overall, the following effects observed are a reduction of hepatic cholesterol stores and a reduction of total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and other triglycerides in the blood. 
it is a paramagnetic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA), with imaging activity upon magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). When placed in a magnetic field, it generates a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons. This change in proton relaxation dynamics, iincreases the MRI signal intensity of tissues in which it has accumulated; therefore, visualization of those tissues is enhanced. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Melting point 97Â°C. Boiling point 110Â°C (with some decomposition). An addition product between acetaldehyde and ammonia. Presents moderate fire and explosion hazard when exposed to heat or flame. Moderately toxic by ingestion and inhalation and a strong irritant. Used to make other chemicals, vulcanize rubber. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6, 7 and 3' and hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a trimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is a cyclic carotene with a beta- and an epsilon-ring at opposite ends respectively. It has a role as a provitamin A and a plant metabolite. It is a cyclic carotene and a carotenoid beta-end group. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid that is the 12-hydroxylated derivative of lauric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 12-hydroxylaurate. 
it is a greenish white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is noncombustible. It is used in sewage treatment, in dyeing of fabrics, and for many other uses. 
it is an immunoconjugate of a humanized murine monoclonal antibody (huN-901) and DMI, a semi-synthetic derivative of the plant-derived ansa macrolide maytansine. The antibody moiety of BB-10901 selectively attaches to CD56 antigen, a neural cell adhesion molecule (NCAM)) expressed on the surface of cells of small cell lung cancer (SCLC) and other neuroendocrine (NE) tumors. Thus, the DMI conjugate is targeted specifically to CD56-expressing tumor cells, where it inhibits tubulin polymerization and assembly, resulting in inhibition of mitosis and cell cycle arrest in the S phase. (NCI04) 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid, with a camphor-like odor, white to grayish crystals for technical product. This material is a contact and systemic organophosphate insecticide effective against a broad range of insects and mites when applied on a wide range of crops. It has not been produced in the U.S. since 1982. (EPA, 1998) it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is N-methylacetamide in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group attached to the carbonyl moiety is replaced by a (dimethoxyphosphorothioyl)sulfanediyl group. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an insecticide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is an organic thiophosphate and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a N-methyl-2-sulfanylacetamide. 
Magnesium diphenyl appears as a whitish to gray crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01818869 (To Assess the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Multiple Doses it in Healthy Subjects). 
it is a GDP-D-mannuronic acid in which the anomeric centre of the mannuronic acid fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a GDP-alpha-D-mannuronate. 
it is a diamino acid that is alanine in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a diamino acid, a beta-amino acid, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and an alanine derivative. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-aminoalaninate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of dithiocarbamate anions resulting from the removal of the proton from the dithiocarbamic acid moiety of diethyldithiocarbamic acid. It is a conjugate base of a diethyldithiocarbamic acid. 
Mercury iodide appears as a scarlet-red odorless tasteless powder. Sensitive to light. Insoluble in water and sinks in water. At elevated temperatures turns yellow but turns back to red upon cooling. Poison. it is a mercury coordination entity composed of mercury and iodine with formula it. 
it is an octadecenoic acid with a cis-double bond at position C-13. It is a conjugate acid of a (13Z)-octadecenoate. 
it is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid comprising hexanoic acid having a hydroxy group at the 6-position. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 6-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an omega-hydroxy fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-hydroxyhexanoate. 
3,3&#39;-dimethoxybenzidine-4,4&#39;-diisocyanate appears as gray to brown powder or dark beige sandy powder. Melting point 112Â°C. Insoluble in water. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. A skin irritant. Used in making plastics. 
Small white crystals or white powder. Softens at 226Â°F. Odorless. (NTP, 1992) it is a chloroalkene. It has a role as an estrogen receptor modulator, an antineoplastic agent and a xenoestrogen. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. it is an orally bioavailable, highly lipophilic, synthetic triphenylethylene (TPE) derivative and selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM), with predominantly estrogenic but also antiestrogenic activities. Upon administration, it binds to estrogen receptors (ER) and, depending on the responsive target cells, either activates or blocks ER activity. This modulates the expression of ER-responsive genes in a tissue-specific manner. This agent may increase bone mineral density, modify the lipid profile and ameliorate vasomotor symptoms. it inhibits the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. 
it is a member of the class of hexahydronaphthalenes that is lovastatin in which the 2-methylbutyrate ester moiety has been replaced by a 2,2-dimethylbutyrate ester group. It is used as a cholesterol-lowering and anti-cardiovascular disease drug. It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.83 (anthrax lethal factor endopeptidase) inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a delta-lactone, a fatty acid ester, a statin (semi-synthetic) and a member of hexahydronaphthalenes. It derives from a lovastatin. it is a lipid-lowering agent derived synthetically from a fermentation product of the fungus Aspergillus terreus. Hydrolyzed in vivo to an active metabolite, it competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses by suppressing MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. (NCI04) 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil with a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pyrimidone and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 26-hydroxy steroid and a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid. It has a role as a bile acid metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it is a heterocyclic biguanidine with activity against influenza and other viral infections. Although its mechanism of action is not fully known the effects seem to be due to an influence on the virus host-cell system. 
it is a polyunsaturated fatty acid that is octa-2,6-dienoic acid bearing two methyl substituents at positions 3 and 7 (the 2E-isomer). It has a role as a pheromone, an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite, an antifungal agent and a melanin synthesis inhibitor. It is a polyunsaturated fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid, a monoterpenoid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a geranate. 
it appears as viscous yellow oil or a crystalline mass. Used as an insecticide and acaricide on crops and ornamentals. Not presently produced commercially in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
The major metabolite in neutrophil polymorphonuclear leukocytes. It stimulates polymorphonuclear cell function (degranulation, formation of oxygen-centered free radicals, arachidonic acid release, and metabolism). (From Dictionary of Prostaglandins and Related Compounds, 1990) 
it is a phthalic acid monoester resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of benzyl alcohol. It is a major metabolite of the plasticiser butyl benzyl phthalate (BBP). It has a role as a xenoestrogen and a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a benzyl alcohol. 
Crystals. Formerly used as a sedative and an anti-emetic. (EPA, 1998) it is a member of the class of isoxazoles that is 1,2-oxazol-3(2H)-one substituted by an aminomethyl group at position 5. It has been isolated from mushrooms of the genus Amanita. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a GABA agonist, a psychotropic drug and a oneirogen. It is a member of isoxazoles, a primary amino compound and an alkaloid. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a nucleotide-sugar having ADP as the nucleotide fragment and 2-O-acetyl-D-ribofuranos-5-yl as the sugar component. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an imidazole fungicidal agent with a very broad spectrum of activity against many fungal species that is used for treatment of superficial and systemic fungal infections. it is a well documented cause of clinically apparent acute drug induced liver injury and is no longer recommended as a first line antifungal agent. it is a synthetic derivative of phenylpiperazine with broad antifungal properties and potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits sterol 14-a-dimethylase, a microsomal cytochrome P450-dependent enzyme, thereby disrupting synthesis of ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell wall. (NCI04) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and screening of Osteoporosis, Renal Impairment, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetes Mellitis Type 2, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-hydroxyphenylacetic acid with methanol. It has been isolated from Penicillium chrysogenum. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a methyl ester. It derives from a 4-hydroxyphenylacetic acid. 
it is an anilide resulting from the formal condensation of the aryl amino group of 4-(methoxymethyl)-N-phenyl-1-[2-(2-thienyl)ethyl]piperidin-4-amine with propanoic acid. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an anaesthesia adjuvant and an intravenous anaesthetic. It is a member of piperidines, a member of thiophenes, an anilide and an ether. 
it is a nitrile that is acrylonitrile in which the hydrogen attached to the same carbon as the cyano group has been replaced by an o-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl group, while the remaining hydrogens of the ethenyl group have been replaced by amino and (4-aminophenyl)sulfanyl groups. The configuration of the double bond is not specified. It is an inhibitor of MEK1 and MEK2. It has a role as an EC 2.7.12.2 (mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase) inhibitor and a neuroprotective agent. It is a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a nitrile, an enamine, an organic sulfide, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. 
it is the 3beta-stereoisomer of 3-hydroxy-5beta-pregnan-20-one. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy-5beta-pregnan-20-one and a 3beta-hydroxy steroid. 
Quercetin 4'-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside is a quercetin O-glucoside that is quercetin with a beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at position 4'. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a quercetin O-glucoside, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a member of flavonols. It derives from a beta-D-glucose. 
it appears as a colorless watery liquid with a sweet odor. Less dense than water. Insoluble in water. Irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) it is a xylene carrying methyl groups at positions 1 and 3. 
it is a 2-hydroxy carboxylate that results from the removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 3-phenyllactic acid. It derives from a lactate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-phenyllactic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as biphenyls and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing to benzene rings linked together by a C-C bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
Ibogaine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a member of the class of mastopyrans that is a 14-amino acid polypeptide comprising leucyl, lysyl, leucyl, lysyl, seryl, isoleucyl, valyl, seryl, tryptophyl, alanyl, lysyl, lysyl, valyl, and leucinamide residues coupled in sequence. It is the major active component of the venom of the hornet Vespa basalis and causes degranulation of mast cells. It exhibits antimicrobial activity against both Gram-positive and -negative bacteria as well as haemolytic activity on chicken, human and sheep erythrocytes. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is a member of mastoparans and a peptidyl amide. 
it is an amino sulfonic acid that is taurine substituted by an acetyl group at the N atom. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a member of acetamides and an organosulfonic acid. It derives from a taurine. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, can be found in herbs and spices and spearmint. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine having methoxy substituents at the 5- and 6-positions and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 4-position. In combination with the antiprotozoal pyrimethamine (CHEBI:8673) it is used as an antimalarial. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimalarial. It is a sulfonamide and a member of pyrimidines. it is a broad-spectrum sulfanilamide and a synthetic analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with bacteriostatic and antimalarial properties. it competes with PABA for the bacterial enzyme dihydropteroate synthase, thereby preventing the incorporation of PABA into dihydrofolic acid, the immediate precursor of folic acid. This leads to an inhibition of parasitic folic acid synthesis and de novo synthesis of purines and pyrimidines, ultimately resulting in cell growth arrest and cell death. 
6-Decanolide, also known as 6-butylhexanolide or e-decalactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lactones. These are cyclic esters of hydroxy carboxylic acids, containing a 1-oxacycloalkan-2-one structure, or analogues having unsaturation or heteroatoms replacing one or more carbon atoms of the ring. 6-Decanolide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6-decanolide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 6-Decanolide has a sweet, creamy, and tonka taste. 
it is the parent compound of the its, composed of a purine having an amino group at C-6. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine nucleobase and a member of its. It derives from a hydride of a 9H-purine. it is a purine nucleobase with an amine group attached to the carbon at position 6. it is the precursor for adenosine and deoxyadenosine nucleosides. 
it appears as yellow to pinkish-orange needles or orange fluffy solid. Strong phenolic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a trichlorophenol with phenolic substituents on positions 2, 4 and 6. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. it is a synthetic, colorless crystalline solid that is slightly soluble in water and soluble in organic solvents. It has been used primarily in pesticide formulations and as a wood preservative, although most uses have been cancelled in the US. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic and corrosive fumes of hydrochloric acid and other toxic gases. Exposure of humans to 2,4,6-trichrophenol via inhalation has been reported to cause respiratory effects, altered pulmonary function and pulmonary lesions. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an agent belonging to the glitazone class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic activity. it exerts both peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) alpha and gamma agonist activity. it decreases bone formation and increases marrow adipocyte formation in vivo. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone in which the two hydroxy substituents are located at positions 4' and 7. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone, a polyphenol and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a flavanone. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining methoctramine with four molar equivalents of hydrochloric acid. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. It contains a methoctramine(4+). 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one of the nitrogens is replaced by a 2,6-dichloro-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl group, while the hydrogens attached to the other nitrogen are replaced by a methyl group and a 6-{[4-(4-ethylpiperazin-1-yl)phenyl]amino}pyrimidin-4-yl group. It is a potent and selective fibroblast growth factor receptor inhibitor. It has a role as a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is an aminopyrimidine, a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, a dichlorobenzene and a member of phenylureas. it is an orally bioavailable pan inhibitor of human fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFRs) with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. it selectively binds to and inhibits the activities of FGFRs, which may result in the inhibition of tumor angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation, and the induction of tumor cell death. FGFRs are a family of receptor tyrosine kinases which may be upregulated in various tumor cell types and may be involved in tumor cell differentiation and proliferation, tumor angiogenesis, and tumor cell survival. 
it appears as odorless or almost odorless pale yellow crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a 2-aminopurine that is the 6-thiono derivative of 2-amino-1,9-dihydro-6H-purine. Incorporates into DNA and inhibits synthesis. Used in the treatment of leukaemia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite and an anticoronaviral agent. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous salt form of it, a synthetic guanosine analogue antimetabolite, with antineoplastic activity. it is phosphorylated by hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase to 6-thioguanylic acid (TGMP) and upon conversion to thioguanosine diphosphate (TGDP) and thioguanosine triphosphate (TGTP), this agent is incorporated into DNA and RNA, resulting in inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis and cell death. This agent also inhibits glutamine-5-phosphoribosylpyrophosphate amidotransferase, thereby inhibiting purine ribonulceotide synthesis. 
it is an azamacrocyclic compound that is a hepatitis C protease inhibitor used in combination with elbasvir (under the brand name Zepatier) for treatment of chronic HCV genotypes 1 or 4 infection in adults. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a hepatoprotective agent and a hepatitis C protease inhibitor. It is an azamacrocycle, a carbamate ester, a lactam, an aromatic ether, a member of cyclopropanes, a N-sulfonylcarboxamide and a quinoxaline derivative. 
Quetiapine Fumarate is the fumarate salt form of quetiapine, a dibenzothiazepine derivative with antipsychotic property. Quetiapine fumarate antagonizes serotonin activity mediated by 5-HT 1A and 5-HT2 receptors. With a lower affinity, this agent also reversibly binds to dopamine D1 and D2 receptors in the mesolimbic and mesocortical areas of the brain leading to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, quetiapine fumarate also binds to other alpha-1, alpha-2 adrenergic and histamine H1 receptors. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-oxazoles that is that is 1,3-oxazole which is substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 by methyl, cyclohexyl, and 3-fluoro-4-sulfamoylphenyl groups, respectively. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles, an organofluorine compound and a sulfonamide. 
it, also known as 1-(methyldisulfanyl)ethane or 2, 3-dithiapentane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. Within the cell, methyl ethyl disulfide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a sulfurous and truffle tasting compound that can be found in fruits, kohlrabi, and onion-family vegetables. This makes methyl ethyl disulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is mandelic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3'. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a mandelic acid. 
it appears as brown crystals or brown amorphous powder. Used as an electroplating chemical and in the manufacture of cadmium electrodes. Is a component of silver alloys, phosphors, semiconductors, glass and ceramic glazes. Formerly used by veterinarians to kill worms and parasites. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a water-white mobile liquid with an odor of amine. (NTP, 1992) it is an alkane-alpha,omega-diamine comprising a propane skeleton with amino substituents at positions 1 and 3. It has a role as a reagent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a trimethylenediaminium. 
it is a sulfur oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of both OH groups of sulfuric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. It is a sulfur oxoanion, a sulfur oxide, an inorganic anion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogensulfate. 
it is a member of the class of 2,5-diketopiperazines obtained by cyclodimerisation of N(5)-acetyl-N(5)-hydroxy-L-ornithine. It has a role as a siderophore and a fungal metabolite. It is a member of 2,5-diketopiperazines, a hydroxamic acid and a L-ornithine derivative. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolidines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member saturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms (Â±)-it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a palmitate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic acid with the hydroxy group of octan-1-ol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a wax ester. It derives from an octan-1-ol. 
1-hexadecanoyl-2-(9-oxononanoyl)-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the 1- and 2-acyl groups are specified as hexadecanoyl and 9-oxononanoyl respectively. It has a role as a Papio hamadryas metabolite and a human metabolite. It is an aldehyde and a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a 9-oxononanoic acid. 
it (18:0) is a sialotriaosylceramide that is N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosaminyl-(1->4)-alpha-N-acetylneuraminosyl-(2->3)-beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine in which the acyl group on the sphingosine nitrogen is octadecanoyl. A constituent of natural it. It has a role as an antigen. It is a N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosaminyl-(1->4)-alpha-N-acetylneuraminosyl-(2->3)-beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine and a sialotriaosylceramide. It is a conjugate acid of a it (18:0) (1-). 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and an aldehyde. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,5-dioxopentanoate. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid trianion obtained by deprotonation of the three carboxy groups of aurintricarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate base of an aurintricarboxylic acid. 
Nonionic surfactant mixtures varying in the number of repeating ethoxy (oxy-1,2-ethanediyl) groups. They are used as detergents, emulsifiers, wetting agents, defoaming agents, etc. Nonoxynol-9, the compound with 9 repeating ethoxy groups, is a spermatocide, formulated primarily as a component of vaginal foams and creams. 
it is a isothiocyanate that is hexane in which two of the terminal methyl hydrogens at positions 1 and 6 have been replaced by isothiocyanato and methylsulfanyl groups. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 4.1.1.17 (ornithine decarboxylase) inhibitor and a neuroprotective agent. It is an isothiocyanate and a methyl sulfide. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining pyridoxamine with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used for treatment of diabetic nephropathy. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, a plant metabolite, a mouse metabolite, an iron chelator and a nephroprotective agent. It contains a pyridoxaminium(1+). 
it is a diterpenoid that is 3,4,4a,5,6,7,8,8a-octahydronaphthalene-1-carboxylic acid substituted by methyl groups at positions 5, 6 and 8a and a 5-hydroxy-3-(hydroxymethyl)pentyl group at position 5 (the 4aR,5S,6R,8aR stereoisomer). It is isolated from the whole plant of Ballota limbata (Syn.Otostegia limbata) and acts as a lipoxygenase inhibitor. It has a role as a metabolite and a lipoxygenase inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a diterpenoid, a diol, a carbobicyclic compound and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is chemical element (nickel group element atom) with atomic number 46. It is a nickel group element atom, a platinum group metal atom and a metal allergen. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 46, and atomic weight 106.42. 
it is a semisynthetic derivative of the antineoplastic anthracycline antibiotic doxorubicin. With a mechanism of action that appears to differ from doxorubicin, it is converted intracytoplasmically into N-trifluoroacetyladriamycin, which interacts with topoisomerase II, stabilizing the complex between the enzyme and DNA; consequently, DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis are inhibited and the cell cycle is arrested in the G2 phase. In addition, this agent accumulates in the cell cytoplasm where it inhibits protein kinase C (PKC). it is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin when administered systemically; applied topically, this agent shows excellent tissue penetration. Structurally, the trifluoro-acetyl moiety on the amino group of the glycoside and the valerate moiety appear to result in a lipophilicity that is greater than of doxorubicin, resulting in increased intracytoplasmic concentrations. 
it is a primary alcohol comprising an allyl core with a hydroxy substituent at the 1-position and a phenyl substituent at the 3-position (geometry of the C=C bond unspecified). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
Watery odorless colorless liquid. Denser than water and soluble in water. Hence sinks in and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the open chain form of D-glucose. It is a D-glucose and an aldehydo-glucose. It is an enantiomer of an aldehydo-L-glucose. Anhydrous Dextrose is the anhydrous form of D-glucose, a natural monosaccharide and carbohydrate. Dextrose serves to replenish lost nutrients and electrolytes. The agent provides metabolic energy and is the primary ingredient in oral rehydration salts (ORS) and is used in intravenous (IV) fluids to provide nutrients to patients under intensive care who are unable to receive them by the oral route. Solutions containing dextrose restore blood glucose levels and provide calories and may aid in minimizing liver glycogen depletion and exerts a protein-sparing action. Dextrose anhydrous also plays a role in the production of proteins and in lipid metabolism. 
it is a proanthocyanidin isolated from Dracaena draco. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a proanthocyanidin and an aromatic ether. 
it is an organooxygen compound and an organonitrogen compound. It derives from an alpha-amino acid. it is a synthetic mast cell stabilizing compound with anti-inflammatory activity. it appears to inhibit the antigen-stimulated calcium transport across the mast cell membrane, thereby inhibiting mast cell degranulation and the release of histamine, leukotrienes, and other substances that cause hypersensitivity reactions. it also inhibits eosinophil chemotaxis. When applied topically to the eye, this drug prevents the symptoms associated with keratitis or conjunctivitis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta hydroxy acids and derivatives. Beta hydroxy acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituted with a hydroxyl group on the C3 carbon atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 2-hydroxyglutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-2-hydroxyglutarate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-2-hydroxyglutaric acid. 
Lactose is a glycosylglucose disaccharide, found most notably in milk, that consists of D-galactose and D-glucose fragments bonded through a beta-1->4 glycosidic linkage. The glucose fragment can be in either the alpha- or beta-pyranose form, whereas the galactose fragment can only have the beta-pyranose form. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
Halofuginone, also known as stenorol or C16H17BRCLN3O3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinazolines. Quinazolines are compounds containing a quinazoline moiety, which is made up of two fused six-member aromatic rings, a benzene ring and a pyrimidine ring. Halofuginone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, halofuginone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Halofuginone is an orally-active quinazolinone alkaloid with potential antineoplastic activity. Halofuginone interferes with the signaling pathway of transforming growth factor beta (TGF beta) and inhibits expression of matrix metalloproteinase 2, thereby inhibiting collagen type I synthesis and inducing extracellular matrix degradation, resulting in inhibition of angiogenesis, tumor growth, or metastasis. 
it is a monophosphoglyceric acid having the phospho group at the 2-position. It is a monophosphoglyceric acid and a tetronic acid derivative. It derives from a glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
5-amino-1-(5-phospho-beta-D-ribosyl)imidazole is a 1-(phosphoribosyl)imidazole that is 5-aminoimidazole in which the proton at position 1 has been replaced by a 5-phospho-beta-D-ribofuranosyl group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a 1-(phosphoribosyl)imidazole and an aminoimidazole. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-amino-1-(5-phosphonato-beta-D-ribosyl)imidazol-3-ium. 
it is an N-silyl compound that is diethylamine in which the amino hydrogen is replaced by a trimethylsilyl group. it is a derivatisation agent used in gas chromatography/mass spectrometry applications. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It derives from a diethylamine. 
it, also known as antibiotic it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic depsipeptides. These are natural or synthetic compounds having sequences of amino and hydroxy carboxylic acid residues (usually Î±-amino and Î±-hydroxy acids) connected in a ring. The residues are commonly but not necessarily regularly alternating. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as an orange powder. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion. Used to make paints, inks, and dyes. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02248090 (it First Time in Patients Ascending Dose Study). Selective Estrogen Receptor Degrader it is an orally available selective estrogen receptor degrader (SERD), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, SERD it binds to the estrogen receptor (ER) and induces a conformational change that results in the degradation of the receptor. This prevents ER-mediated signaling and inhibits the growth and survival of ER-expressing cancer cells. 
4-amino-5-formamidomethyl-2-methylpyrimidine is a member of the class of aminopyrimidine with the amino group at position 4 with additional methyl and formamidomethyl substituents at positions 2 and 5 respectively. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is an aminopyrimidine and a member of formamides. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is 1-benzylidene-1H-indene which is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 5 by methyl, carboxymethyl, and fluorine respectively, and in which the phenyl group of the benzylidene moiety is substituted at the para position by a methylsulfinyl group. It is a prodrug for the corresponding sulfide, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, used particularly in the treatment of acute and chronic inflammatory conditions. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic, an analgesic, a prodrug, a tocolytic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a sulfoxide, a monocarboxylic acid and an organofluorine compound. It derives from an acetic acid. it is a sulfinylindene derivative prodrug with potential antineoplastic activity. Converted in vivo to an active metabolite, it, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), blocks cyclic guanosine monophosphate-phosphodiesterase (cGMP-PDE), an enzyme that inhibits the normal apoptosis signal pathway; this inhibition permits the apoptotic signal pathway to proceed unopposed, resulting in apoptotic cell death. (NCI04) 
it is a N-acylglycine that is glycine substituted by a 2-methylbutanoyl group at the N atom. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a 2-methylbutyric acid. 
it is a synthetic, colchicine analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it targets and binds to colchicine-binding site on tubulin, thereby inhibiting microtubule polymerization, the assembly of the mitotic spindle and mitosis. This eventually results in cell cycle arrest, apoptosis and a reduction in cellular proliferation. 
it is a member of the class of its that is the monophosphatr derivative of (2E,6E)-farnesol It has a role as a PPARbeta/delta agonist, a PPARalpha agonist, a rat metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a (2-trans,6-trans)-farnesol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an aminopyrimidine that is N,N,4,5-tetramethylpyrimidin-2-amine substituted by a (dimethylcarbamoyl)oxy group at position 4. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an agrochemical, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an insecticide. It is a carbamate ester, an aminopyrimidine and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a dimethylcarbamic acid. 
it, also known as fema 2642, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a bergamot, bitter, and citrus tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Deoxynivalenol, also known as RD toxin or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. Deoxynivalenol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, deoxynivalenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, deoxynivalenol can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes deoxynivalenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. Deoxynivalenol is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a tetrol that is butane which is substituted at positions 2 and 3 by 3,4-dihydroxybenzyl groups. Masoprocol, the meso-form found in the leaves of the creosote bush (Larrea divaricata), is a potent lipoxygenase inhibitor. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is a member of catechols, a tetrol and a lignan. 
it is the pteridine that is lumazine substituted with a methyl group at C-6, a hydroxy group at C-7 and a 1-D-ribityl group at N-8. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.9 (riboflavin synthase) inhibitor. It derives from a lumazine and a ribitol. 
2, 3-Diethylpyrazine, also known as fema 3136, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 3-Diethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 3-diethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 3-Diethylpyrazine is a green, hazelnut, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products, nuts, and potato. This makes 2, 3-diethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 20-oxo steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a chlorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an androgen antagonist. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic steroidal anti-androgen with antineoplastic activity. it, in its acetate form, binds the androgen receptor (AR), thereby preventing androgen-induced receptor activation and inhibiting the growth of testosterone-sensitive tumor cells. This agent also exerts progesterogenic activity, resulting in a reduction in testicular androgen secretion and total androgen blockade. (NCI04) 
it is an organochlorine compound that is 2-(4-chlorobenzyl)pyridine in which one of the benzylic hydrogens is substituted by 2-(dimethylamino)ethoxy group. It is an ethanolamine-type antihistamine, used as its maleate salt for treating hay fever, as well as mild cases of Parkinson's disease. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent, a muscarinic antagonist and an antiparkinson drug. It is a member of pyridines, a tertiary amino compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a branched heptasaccharide derivative consisting of a D-GlcNAc residue at the reducing end with a D-Man-alpha(1->6)-[D-Xyl-beta(1->2)-D-Man-alpha(1->3)]-D-Man-beta(1->4)-GlcNAc moiety attached via a beta-(1->4)-linkage and an L-Fuc residue attached via an alpha-(1->3)-linkage. It has a role as a carbohydrate allergen. 
it is an odorless red solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a cobalt salt in which the cobalt metal is in the +2 oxidation state and the counter-anion is nitrate. It is an inorganic nitrate salt and a cobalt salt. It contains a cobalt(2+). 
it is 1-Benzofuran substituted at C-2 and C-3 by an ethyl group and a 3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxybenzoyl group respectively. An inhibitor of CYP2C9, it is used as an anti-gout medication. It has a role as a uricosuric drug. It is a member of 1-benzofurans and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a 2,6-dibromophenol. 
it is the conjugate acid of homoserine lactone; major species at pH 7.3. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It is a conjugate acid of a homoserine lactone. 
it is one of a pair of phellandrene cyclic monoterpene double-bond isomers in which one double bond is exocyclic (cf. alpha-phellandrene, where both of them are endoocyclic). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Contracted name for a salt of ethylenediaminetetraacetate, an agent used as a chelator of lead and some other heavy metals. C10H12CaN2Na2O8. 
it is a solid. Specific uses for it were not found. it,and it3 are reported as antibiotics produced by Streptomyces for use as a fungicide and possibly as an insecticide and miticide. Registered only as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is a nine-membered bis-lactone having methyl substituents at the 2- and 6-positions, an n-hexyl substituent at the 8-position, an acyloxy substituent at the 7-position and an aroylamido substituent at the 3-position. It is produced by Streptomyces bacteria and has found commercial use as a fish poison. It has a role as a mitochondrial respiratory-chain inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It is a macrodiolide, a member of formamides, a member of benzamides and a member of phenols. 
it is a white solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. The carrier is water emulsifiable. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. It is used as a herbicide. it is a methoxybenzoic acid that is O-methylsalicylic acid substituted by chloro groups at positions 3 and 6. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a herbicide, a synthetic auxin and an agrochemical. It is a methoxybenzoic acid and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,6-dichloro-2-methoxybenzoate. 
it is a member of the class of tetracyclines with formula C21H18O9, originally isolated from Penicillium claviforme. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist and a neuropeptide Y receptor antagonist. It is an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone, an enol, an enone, a methyl ketone, a member of phenols, a member of tetracyclines and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is a tautomer of a it. 
it appears as a silvery soft metal that becomes grayish white upon exposure to air. Shipped as a solid or molten liquid. Burns violently with explosions that may spatter the material. Used for making gasoline additives, electric power cable, sodium lamps, other chemicals. it atom is an alkali metal atom. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
L-alpha-aminobutyric acid is an optically active form of alpha-aminobutyric acid having L-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an alpha-aminobutyric acid and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-2-aminobutyrate. It is an enantiomer of a D-alpha-aminobutyric acid. It is a tautomer of a L-alpha-aminobutyrate zwitterion. 
it is a dihydroxypyridine that is pyridine substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 5. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
5-(2-ethoxyethyl)-5-[4-(4-fluorophenoxy)phenoxy]barbituric acid is a member of the class of barbiturates that is barbituric acid in which the hydrogens at position 5 are replaced by 2-ethoxyethyl and 4-(4-fluorophenoxy)phenoxy groups. It is a potent and selective inhibitor of matrix MMP-13 (metalloproteinase-13, collagenase 3). It has a role as a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor. 
it is sodium fluorophosphate, commonly abbreviated MFP, is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula Na2PO3F. Typical for a salt, MFP is odourless, colourless, and water-soluble. This salt is an ingredient in toothpastes. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is an inorganic sodium salt and an inorganic phosphate. 
it is a ketoaldonic acid derivative that is beta-neuraminic acid in which the hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 9 are substituted by an amino group and hydrogen respectively. It is a ketoaldonic acid derivative and an amino sugar. It derives from a beta-neuraminic acid. It is a conjugate base of a itionaminate(1+). 
it is a dibenzodioxonine isolated from the culture broth of Penicillium asperosporum that acts as an acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an EC 2.3.1.26 (sterol O-acyltransferase) inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a polyphenol, an acetate ester, a lactone, an aromatic ether, a member of benzophenones and a dibenzodioxonine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
L-camphor appears as colorless or white crystals. Fragrant and penetrating odor. Slightly bitter and cooling taste. Odor index at 68Â° F: 40. Flash point 149Â°F. Burns with a bright, smoky flame. Sublimes appreciably at room temperature and pressure; 14% sublimes within 60 minutes at 176Â°F and 12 mm Hg. (NTP, 1992) 
it is the (S,S,S)-stereoisomer of it. It has a role as a chelator, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It derives from a (S)-azetidine-2-carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it monoanion. It is an enantiomer of a (R,R,R)-it. It is a tautomer of a it trizwitterion. 
it is the N-tosyl derivative of L-phenylalanyl chloromethyl ketone. It has a role as an alkylating agent and a serine proteinase inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide and an alpha-chloroketone. It contains a L-phenylalanyl group. 
it, also known as propyl isobutyl amine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylamines. These are organic compounds containing a dialkylamine group, characterized by two alkyl groups bonded to the amino nitrogen. it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a 20-oxo steroid that is pregn-5-ene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3 and an oxo group at position 20. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is an endogenous steroid hormone synthesized from cholesterol, which can act either as a neuroactive steroid or as a prohormone for progestogens, mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, androgens, estrogens, and the neuroactive steroids. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of guanidine, a strong basic compound with parasympathomimetic activity. it enhances the release of acetylcholine following a nerve impulse and potentiates acetylcholine actions on muscarinic and nicotinic receptors. It also appears to slow the rates of depolarization and repolarization of muscle cell membranes. (NCI05) 
it is an acyl monophosphate where the acyl groups is butanoyl. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining it free base with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. A specific stain for animal chromosomes. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. 
A herbicide that contains equal parts of 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D) and 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4,5-T), as well as traces of the contaminant 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin. 
5-methyl-1-phenyl-3,4,5,6-tetrahydro-1H-2,5-benzoxazocine is a member of the class of benzoxazocines that is 3,4,5,6-tetrahydro-1H-2,5-benzoxazocine substituted by phenyl and methyl groups at positions 1 and 5 respectively. It is a benzoxazocine and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is the mesylate salt form of paroxetine, a phenylpiperidine derivative and a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) with antidepressant and anxiolytic properties. Paroxetine binds to the pre-synaptic serotonin transporter complex resulting in negative allosteric modulation of the complex, thereby blocking reuptake of serotonin by the pre-synaptic transporter. Inhibition of serotonin recycling enhances serotonergic function through serotonin accumulation in the synaptic cleft, which resulting in long-term desensitization and downregulation of 5HT1 (serotonin) receptors and leading to symptomatic relief of depressive illness. 
(e)-3-(2, 3-Dihydroxyphenyl)-2-propenoic acid, also known as 3-(2, 3-dihydroxyphenyl)acrylate or adpribose 2'-phosphate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated (e)-3-(2, 3-Dihydroxyphenyl)-2-propenoic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (e)-3-(2, 3-dihydroxyphenyl)-2-propenoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm (e)-3-(2, 3-Dihydroxyphenyl)-2-propenoic acid can be biosynthesized from cinnamic acid. Outside of the human body, (e)-3-(2, 3-dihydroxyphenyl)-2-propenoic acid can be found in roman camomile. This makes (e)-3-(2, 3-dihydroxyphenyl)-2-propenoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the sodium salt of methohexital. It has a role as an intravenous anaesthetic. It contains a methohexital(1-). it is the sodium salt of methohexital, a rapid, short-acting barbituric acid derivative, with anesthetic activity. Methohexital binds to the chloride ionophore site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A/chloride ionophore receptor complex, thereby enhancing the inhibitory actions of GABA-A in the brain. This leads to synaptic inhibition, decreased neuronal excitability and induction of anesthesia. In addition, this agent decreases glutamate (Glu) responses. 
it appears as colorless needles or purple crystalline solid. Taste threshold concentration: 0.0005 mg/L. Odor threshold concentration (detection): 0.3 mg. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a Radioactive Diagnostic Agent. The mechanism of action of it is as a Radiopharmaceutical Activity. 
it is a member of the class of piperidines that is the benzhydryl ether derivative of 1-methyl-4-hydroxypiperidine. A sedating antihistamine, it is used as the hydrochloride for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions including rhinitis and hay fever, and in pruritic skin disorders. It is also used as the teoclate salt (piprinhydrinate) as an ingredient in compound preparations for the symptomatic relief of coughs and the common cold. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and a cholinergic antagonist. It is a member of piperidines and a tertiary amine. 
it is a concanamycin in which the lactone ring contains 4 double bonds and is substituted by 4 methyl groups, 2 hydroxy groups, 2 methoxy groups and an ethyl group. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a metabolite and an EC 3.6.3.14 (H(+)-transporting two-sector ATPase) inhibitor. It is a itnd a carbamate ester. 
it is a steroid that consists of androstane having double bonds at positions 1 and 4 and two keto groups at positions 3 and 17. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1) steroid. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 
A phosphoinositide present in all eukaryotic cells, particularly in the plasma membrane. It is the major substrate for receptor-stimulated phosphoinositidase C, with the consequent formation of inositol 1,4,5-triphosphate and diacylglycerol, and probably also for receptor-stimulated inositol phospholipid 3-kinase. (Kendrew, The Encyclopedia of Molecular Biology, 1994) 
Defibrotide is a complex mixture of single stranded polydeoxyribonucleotides derived from porcine intestinal mucosa that has antithrombotic and profibrinolytic activity and is used in the treatment of severe sinusoidal obstruction syndrome (SOS) after hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT). Defibrotide is used in patients with severe liver injury and has not been associated with worsening of serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and has not been linked to cases of clinically apparent, idiosyncratic liver injury. it is a polydeoxyribonucleotide with antithrombotic, thrombolytic, and fibrinolytic properties. Defibrotide induces the release of prostaglandin 12 and reduces the expression of adhesion molecules on endothelial cells, thereby interfering with platelet and leukocyte adhesion to the endothelium. (NCI04) Defibrotide is a mixture of single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotides derived from the intestinal mucosa of pigs, with anti-thrombotic, thrombolytic, and fibrinolytic activities. Upon administration, and although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, defibrotide induces the release of prostaglandin I2 (PGI2), E2 (PGE2), and prostacyclin and reduces the expression of adhesion molecules on endothelial cells. This relaxes the smooth muscle of blood vessels and prevents platelets from adhering to each other and to the endothelium. This protects the endothelium lining bloods vessels. Defibrotide increases tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) and decreases plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 activity. This increases the activity of plasmin, prevents blood clot formation and dissolves blood clots. 
it is the current microcin B17, CHEBI:64624 is a precursor, see fig. 2 It has a role as a DNA synthesis inhibitor. 
it is a member of guanidines and a methanesulfonate salt. It has a role as an anticoronaviral agent. it is the mesylate salt form of camostat, an orally bioavailable, synthetic serine protease inhibitor, with anti-inflammatory, antifibrotic, and potential antiviral activities. Upon oral administration, camostat and its metabolite 4-(4-guanidinobenzoyloxyl)phenyl acetic acid (FOY 251) inhibit the activities of a variety of proteases, including trypsin, kallikrein, thrombin and plasmin, and C1r- and C1 esterases. Although the mechanism of action of camostat is not fully understood, trypsinogen activation in the pancreas is known to be a trigger reaction in the development of pancreatitis. Camostat blocks the activation of trypsinogen to trypsin and the inflammatory cascade that follows. Camostat may also suppress the expression of the cytokines interleukin-1beta (IL-1b), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a) and transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), along with alpha-smooth muscle actin (alpha-SMA). This reduces inflammation and fibrosis of the pancreas. In addition, camostat may inhibit the activity of transmembrane protease, serine 2 (TMPRSS2), a host cell serine protease that mediates viral cell entry for influenza virus and coronavirus, thereby inhibiting viral infection and replication. 
C.i. it is a dark brown granular solid. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the formal condensation of it (acid form) with two equivalents of sodium hydroxide. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a 4-amino-5-hydroxy-3-[(p-nitrophenyl)azo]-6-(phenylazo)-naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate. 
it is an orange to brown-black solid. It is slightly soluble in water. It is noncombustible. When wet it is corrosive to aluminum and most metals. Pick up and remove spilled solid before adding water. It is used to treat sewage, industrial waste, to purify water, as an etching agent for engraving circuit boards, and in the manufacture of other chemicals. it is an iron coordination entity. It has a role as a Lewis acid and an astringent. 
it is a citrate salt which comprises equimolar amounts of orphenadrine and citric acid. It has a role as a NMDA receptor antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist, a parasympatholytic, a muscle relaxant and a muscarinic antagonist. It contains an orphenadrine. it is the citrate salt form of orphenadrine with a muscle relaxant property. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it appears to block cholinergic receptors, thereby interfering with the transmission of nerve impulses from the spinal cord to the muscles. It does not produce myoneural block, nor does it affect crossed extensor reflexes. 
it is a pro-drug, fumaric acid salt form of tenofovir, a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of adenosine. Tenofovir disoproxil fumarate is prescribed to treat HIV and chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) in adults. 
Iso-amyl acetate is an oily liquid; colorless; banana odor. Floats and mixes with water. Flammable, irritating vapor is produced . (USCG, 1999) it is the acetate ester of isoamylol. It has a role as a metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from an isoamylol. 
it is an antitumor agent and dual inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinases 4 (CDK4) and 6 (CDK6) that are involved in the cell cycle and promotion of cancer cell growth in case of unregulated activity. On September 28, 2017, FDA granted approval of it treatment under the market name it for the treatment of HR-positive and HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer that has progressed after unsuccessful endocrine therapy. It is either given alone in patients who has undergone endocrine therapy and chemotherapy after the metastasis of cancer, or in combination with [DB00947]. Following oral treatment in patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer, it demonstrated increased progression-free survival rates and objective response rates. it has been used in trials studying the treatment of melanoma, lymphoma, neoplasm, solid tumor, and glioblastoma. it is an orally available cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor that targets the CDK4 (cyclin D1) and CDK6 (cyclin D3) cell cycle pathway, with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically inhibits CDK4 and 6, thereby inhibiting retinoblastoma (Rb) protein phosphorylation in early G1. Inhibition of Rb phosphorylation prevents CDK-mediated G1-S phase transition, thereby arresting the cell cycle in the G1 phase, suppressing DNA synthesis and inhibiting cancer cell growth. Overexpression of the serine/threonine kinases CDK4/6, as seen in certain types of cancer, causes cell cycle deregulation. 
A 21-amino acid peptide produced predominantly within the kidney and intestine, with smaller amounts produced in the myocardium, placenta, and uterus, but the cells of origin are not clear. Endothelin-2 has no unique physiologic functions, as compared with endothelin-1. (N Eng J Med 1995;333(6):356-63) 
A gamma-emitting radionuclide imaging agent used for the diagnosis of diseases in many tissues, particularly in the gastrointestinal system, cardiovascular and cerebral circulation, brain, thyroid, and joints. 
Powder or liquid forms available as drugs. Used in obstetrics and in the treatment of migraine headaches. (EPA, 1998) it is the tartrate salt form of ergotamine, an ergot alkaloid and adrenergic alpha agonist with vasoconstrictor activity. Ergotamine tartrate selectively binds to alpha-adrenergic receptors thereby stimulating vascular smooth muscle and causing vasoconstriction in both arteries and veins. Ergotamine tartrate also blocks serotonin 5-HT1D receptors, thereby also causing vasoconstriction in cerebral blood vessels. Constriction of cerebral blood vessels caused by this agent may reduce the blood flow and pressure in cerebral arteries and may relieve the pain of vascular headaches. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fenugreek and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a cyclic dipeptide that is brevianamide F (cyclo-L-Trp-L-Pro) substituted at position 2 on the indole ring by a 1,1-dimethylallyl group. It is a dipeptide, a member of indoles, a pyrrolopyrazine and an indole alkaloid. It derives from a brevianamide F. 
it is a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a mandelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-mandelate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-mandelic acid. 
it is a (1E)-1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol that is the active R-enantiomer of it. A fungicide used to control a range of diseases including mildew, bunts and smuts. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a (1E)-1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol, a conazole antifungal agent and a conazole fungicide. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-it. 
it is a polynucleotide comprised of uridine units connected via 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. It contains an UMP 3'-end residue, an UMP 5'-end residue and a uridine 5'-monophosphate residue. 
it is a cyanine dye and an organic iodide salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a 1,1',3,3'-tetraethyl-5,5',6,6'-tetrachloroimidacarbocyanine. 
it appears as pale yellow crystals. Melting point 66Â°F. Becomes an oily liquid. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Flash point 192Â°F. Autoignition temperature 345Â°F. Soluble in alcohol. it is a it that is the monophenyl derivative of hydrazine. It has a role as a xenobiotic. 
it is a naphthoquinone that is 1,4-naphthoquinone in which the hydrogens at positions 5 and 8 are replaced by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an acaricide, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. 
it is an organic nitrate salt obtained by reaction of equimolar amounts of butaconazole and nitric acid. An antifungal agent, it is used in gynaecology for treatment of vulvovaginal infections caused by Candida species, particularly Candida albicans. It is an organic nitrate salt, an aryl sulfide, a member of imidazoles, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. It contains a butoconazole(1+). it is the nitrate salt form of butaconazole, a synthetic imidazole derivative with fungistatic properties. it interferes with steroid biosynthesis by inhibiting the conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol, thereby changing the fungal cell membrane lipid composition. This alters cell permeability and leads to growth inhibition. Butaconazole nitrate is active against many dermatophytes and yeasts. It also contains antibacterial effects against some gram-positive organisms. 
it is a methyl prednisolone-16-carboxylate, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a prednisolone-16alpha-carboxylic acid. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the tetraanion of it. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide substituted by an acetylamino group at position 4 and a pyrimidin-2-yl group at the nitrogen atom. It is a metabolite of the drug sulfadiazine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a sulfonamide, a member of acetamides and a member of pyrimidines. 
it is a benzochromene that is 2H-benzo[h]chromene which is substituted by two methyl groups at position 2, a methoxycarbonyl group at position 5, and a hydroxy group at position 6. Found in the Chinese medical plant Rubia cordifola, It has an anti-cancer effect by inhibition of TNF-alpha-induced NF-kappaB activation. It is also a dual inhibitor of acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase 1 and 2 (ACAT1 and ACAT2), but is more selective for the ACAT2 isozyme. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase 2 inhibitor, a NF-kappaB inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a neuroprotective agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a benzochromene, a methyl ester and a member of phenols. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sulfinylbenzimidazoles. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a sulfinyl group attached at the position 2 of a benzimidazole moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a blue-black microcrystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) CI it is a blue to black colored aminoanthraquinone dye. it is primarily used in hair color formulations and in coloring fabrics and plastics, but has also been used as a fabric dye. Exposure to it irritates the eye and skin. it is a mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antiemetic, a sedative, a H1-receptor antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist and an antipsychotic agent. 
The major active component of silymarin flavonoids extracted from seeds of the MILK THISTLE, Silybum marianum; it is used in the treatment of HEPATITIS; LIVER CIRRHOSIS; and CHEMICAL AND DRUG INDUCED LIVER INJURY, and has antineoplastic activity; its A and B are diastereomers. 
it appears as off-white crystals or powder. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the dihydrochalcones that is 3,2',4',6'-tetrahydroxy-4-methoxydihydrochalcone attached to a neohesperidosyl residue at position 4' via glycosidic linkage. It is found in sweet orange. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a plant metabolite and a sweetening agent. It is a neohesperidoside, a disaccharide derivative and a member of dihydrochalcones. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the trianion obtained by removal of the three protons from the diphosphate group of 2-trans,6-trans-farnesyl diphosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-trans,6-trans-farnesyl diphosphate. 
it, also known as fema 3207, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a fishy, garlic, and mushroom tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a docosanoid that is (8E,10Z,14E,16Z,18E)-docosapentaenoic acid carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 7, 13 and 20. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a docosanoid, a resolvin and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
A pyrazolodiazepinone with pharmacological actions similar to ANTI-ANXIETY AGENTS. It is commonly used in combination with TILETAMINE to obtain immobilization and anesthesia in animals. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a tripeptide consisting of Gln-Ala-Arg carrying a Boc group at the N-terminal and a 7-amino-4-methylcoumarin group at the C-terminal. It is a tripeptide, a member of coumarins and a carbamate ester. 
it is a methanesulfonate salt obtained by reaction of it with one molar equivalent of methanesulfonic acid. Used as an anaesthetic for fish. It has a role as a general anaesthetic. It contains a it(1+). 
Satraplatin is a platinum compound that is currently under investigation as one treatment of patients with advanced prostate cancer who have failed previous chemotherapy. As an investigation drug, it has not yet received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval and is not available in retail pharmacies. 
it is a hydroxyyridine that is 4-hydroxypyridine which is substituted by fluorines at positions 2 and 6, and by chlorines at positions 3 and 5. An obsolete herbicide, formerly used to control selective broad-leaved and grass weeds in crops such as potatoes. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.117 (homogentisate solanesyltransferase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a hydroxypyridine, an organochlorine compound and an organofluorine compound. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a pyran ring. Pyran a six-membered heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring, made up of five carbon atoms and one oxygen atom and containing two double bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydroxyaurone that is aurone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 6, 7, 3' and 4' respectively. It has a role as a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. It derives from an aurone. 
One of the endogenous pentapeptides with morphine-like activity. It differs from LEU-ENKEPHALIN by the amino acid METHIONINE in position 5. Its first four amino acid sequence is identical to the tetrapeptide sequence at the N-terminal of BETA-ENDORPHIN. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-alanine, glycine, and L-proline joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a glycine and a L-proline. 
it is an inorganic heterocyclic compound with formula N2S(2) and consisting of alternating sulfur and nitrogen atoms making up a 4-membered ring structure that is that is virtually square and planar. It is shock-sensitive and decomposes explosively above 30â„ƒ. It is an inorganic heterocyclic compound, a sulfur molecular entity and a nitride. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a serotonergic agonist, a dopamine agonist and an antidyskinesia agent. It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 
it is a menthofuran that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1-benzofuran substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 6 (the 6R-enantiomer). It is an enantiomer of a (-)-menthofuran. 
Cefixime is a broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived semisynthetically from the marine fungus Cephalosporium acremonium with antibacterial activity. As does penicillin, the beta-lactam antibiotic cefixime inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by disrupting peptidoglycan synthesis, resulting in a reduction in bacterial cell wall stability and bacterial cell lysis. Stable in the presence of a variety of beta-lactamases, this agent is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria compared to second-generation cephalosporins. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of hexanol. It derives from a hexan-1-ol. 
Aluminium(3+) is an aluminium cation that has a charge of +3. It is an aluminium cation, a monoatomic trication and a monoatomic aluminium. 
it is a pyrrolopyridine that is vemurafenib in which the p-chlorophenyl group has been replaced by chlorine. It is a potent and selective inhibitor of the Raf kinase B-Raf(V600E). It has a role as a B-Raf inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyrrolopyridine, a sulfonamide, a difluorobenzene, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolidin-2-ones in which the amide hydrogen of pyrrolidin-2-one has been replaced by a 3-acetamidopropyl group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of acetamides and a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones. 
(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid is a dihydroxyphenylacetic acid having the two hydroxy substituents located at the 3- and 4-positions. It is a metabolite of dopamine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a dihydroxyphenylacetic acid and a member of catechols. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetate. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA having hexanoyl as the S-acyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hexanoic acid and a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a ribulose phosphate that is D-ribulose attached to phosphate groups at positions 1 and 5. It is an intermediate in photosynthesis. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a D-ribulose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-benzylpiperidines. These are heterocyclic Compounds containing a piperidine ring conjugated to a benzyl group through one nitrogen ring atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is 7-hydroxyisoflavone substituted by a methoxy group at position 4'. It has a role as a phytoestrogen and a plant metabolite. It is a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones and a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from a daidzein. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a decanoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of decanoc acid (capric acid) with the alcoholic hydroxy group of isobutanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isobutanol. 
it is an N-acylglycine resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of glycine with the carboxy group of trifluoroacetic acid. It is a N-acylglycine, a secondary carboxamide and a trifluoroacetamide. 
it is an amino disaccharide consisting of N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine having a 4-deoxy-alpha-L-threo-hex-4-enopyranuronosyl residue attached at the 3-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-D-4-deoxy-Delta(4)-GlcpA-(1->3)-beta-D-GlcpNAc(1-). 
it, also known as fema 3058, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fruity, leaf, and oily taste. 
it, also known as fema 2251, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, fruity, and minty taste. 
it is a pegylated form of a thermostable and protease resistant peptide targeting human vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 (VEGFR-2) with potential antiangiogenic activity. Derived from the 10th type III domain of human fibronectin and one of the natural ligands, it binds to VEGFR-2 and prevents activation of VEGFR-2 by other activating ligands. This may inhibit the growth of new tumor blood vessels. 
Hexanal octane-1, 3-diol acetal belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxane, an aliphatic six-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. Hexanal octane-1, 3-diol acetal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, hexanal octane-1, 3-diol acetal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Hexanal octane-1, 3-diol acetal has a fatty and green taste. 
it appears as a colorless to white lustrous solid in the form of needles with a mild distinctive odor. Moderately toxic by inhalation or ingestion and a skin irritant. Melting point 64Â°F Flash point 305Â°F. Forms a corrosive solution when mixed with water. Used in the manufacture of materials such as artificial resins. it is the cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride that is the anhydride of phthalic acid. It has a role as an allergen. It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride and a member of 2-benzofurans. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
4-Methylbenzyl alcohol acetate, also known as 4-methylbenzenemethanol acetate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. 4-Methylbenzyl alcohol acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-methylbenzyl alcohol acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Methylbenzyl alcohol acetate has a sweet, floral, and fruity taste. 
it is a tocopherol in which the chroman-6-ol core is substituted by methyl groups at positions 5 and 8. While it is found in low concentrations in many vegetable oils, only cottonseed oil contains significant amounts. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a food component. 
it is an extended-release (ER) formulation composed of irinotecan, which is a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin and a topoisomerase I-inhibitor prodrug, that is conjugated, via a proprietary biodegradable ester-based linker, to polyethylene glycol (PEG), with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration of it (EP), the agent penetrates into the leaky tumor vasculature and accumulates in the tumor. The linker slowly hydrolyzes and releases irinotecan, which leads to sustained exposure of the tumor to irinotecan. In turn, irinotecan is converted to the biologically active metabolite 7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-camptothecin (SN38) by a carboxylesterase. SN38 inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex of topoisomerase I and DNA; this results in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptosis. Pegylation provides improved systemic exposure, increases drug penetration into tumors and decreases drug clearance, thereby increasing the duration of therapeutic effects while lowering the toxicity profile. 
it is an histamine H1 receptor antagonist without sedative activity. it blocks the histamine H1 receptor and inhibits the release of histamine from mast cells. This prevents the typical allergic symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, skin, mucous membranes, and on gastrointestinal and bronchial smooth muscles. Typical histamine activities include vasodilation, bronchoconstriction, increased vascular permeability, pain, itching, and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscles. Epinastine also has affinity for the histamine H2, 5-HT2, and the alpha-1, alpha-2 adrenergic receptors. 
it is an L-lysine derivative that is L-lysine in which one of the hydrogens attached to N(6) is substituted by an acetimidoyl group It is a L-lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysinium(2+). 
A potent noncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor (RECEPTORS, N-METHYL-D-ASPARTATE) used mainly as a research tool. The drug has been considered for the wide variety of neurodegenerative conditions or disorders in which NMDA receptors may play an important role. Its use has been primarily limited to animal and tissue experiments because of its psychotropic effects. 
it is the L-stereoisomer of N-(2,4-dinitrophenyl)serine, an L-serine derivative having a 2,4-dinitrophenyl) substituent on nitrogen. It is a C-nitro compound and a L-serine derivative. It contains a hydroxymethyl group. 
2, 6-Dimethoxy-4-propylphenol, also known as 4-propyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 2, 6-Dimethoxy-4-propylphenol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethoxy-4-propylphenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 6-Dimethoxy-4-propylphenol is a phenolic tasting compound that can be found in fishes. This makes 2, 6-dimethoxy-4-propylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolidines that is pyrrolidine which is substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is [(3-bromo-1,2,4-triazol-5-yl)sulfanyl]acetic acid substituted at position 1 of the triazole ring by a 4-cyclopropylnaphthalen-1-yl group. Used for treatment of gout. It has a role as a uricosuric drug. It is a member of triazoles, a member of naphthalenes, a member of cyclopropanes, an organobromine compound, an aryl sulfide and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-norleucine which is substituted at position 5 by an oxo group and at position 6 by a diazo group. It is as inhibitor of various glutamine-utilising enzymes. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an analgesic, an antibacterial agent, an antiviral agent, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 6.3.5.5 [carbamoyl-phosphate synthase (glutamine-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an EC 6.3.4.2 [CTP synthase (glutamine hydrolyzing)] inhibitor, an EC 6.3.5.3 (phosphoribosylformylglycinamidine synthase) inhibitor, an EC 6.3.5.2 [GMP synthase (glutamine-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an antimetabolite, a glutamine antagonist, an apoptosis inducer, an EC 2.4.2.14 (amidophosphoribosyltransferase) inhibitor, an EC 3.5.1.2 (glutaminase) inhibitor, an EC 6.3.5.1 [NAD(+) synthase (glutamine-hydrolysing)] inhibitor and an EC 6.3.5.4 [asparagine synthase (glutamine-hydrolysing)] inhibitor. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a diazo compound and a ketone. 
4,5-dichloro-2-n-octyl-3(2H)-isothiazolone is a 1,2-thiazole that is 1,2-thiazol-3(2H)-one substituted by chloro groups at positions 4 and 5 and an octyl group at position 2. It is used as a fungicide. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a fungicide. It is an organochlorine compound and a member of 1,2-thiazoles. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-alkylindoles. 3-alkylindoles are compounds containing an indole moiety that carries an alkyl chain at the 3-position. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as swede, cauliflower, chinese mustard, and brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A fungal metabolite isolated from cultures of Aspergillus terreus. The compound is a potent anticholesteremic agent. It inhibits 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (HYDROXYMETHYLGLUTARYL COA REDUCTASES), which is the rate-limiting enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis. It also stimulates the production of low-density lipoprotein receptors in the liver. 
it is a 2-amino-4-[hydroxy(methyl)phosphoryl]butanoic acid that has S configuration at position 2. A glutamine synthetase inhibitor, it is used (generally as the corresponding ammonium or sodium salts, known as it-ammonium and it-sodium, respectively) as a herbicide to control annual weeds and grasses. It has a role as a herbicide, an EC 6.3.1.2 (glutamate--ammonia ligase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It is an enantiomer of a (2R)-glufosinate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion resulting from the removal of a proton from both of the carboxy groups of iminodiacetic acid. It is a conjugate base of an iminodiacetic acid and an ammoniodiacetate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoxazolones. These are organic compounds containing a benzene fused to an oxazole ring (a five-member aliphatic ring with three carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and one nitrogen atom) bearing a ketone group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an N-alkylpyrrolidine that consists of N-methylpyrrolidinone bearing a pyridin-3-yl substituent at position C-5 (the 5S-enantiomer). It is an alkaloid commonly found in Nicotiana tabacum. It has a role as a biomarker, an antidepressant, a plant metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a member of pyridines, a pyrrolidine alkaloid and a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the carboxy group of benzoic acid by a sodium ion. It has a role as an antimicrobial food preservative, a drug allergen, an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor, an algal metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It contains a benzoate. 
it appears as odorless white crystalline powder or solid. Slightly acid taste. Melting point 256-257Â°C. Dissolves slowly. pH (0.2-0.01 molar aqueous solutions) 5.45. pH (5% solution) 5 - 6. (NTP, 1992) it is a piperazinium salt obtained by combining equimolar amounts of piperazine and adipic acid. It has a role as an anthelminthic drug and an antinematodal drug. It contains an adipate(2-) and a piperazinium(2+). 
it is a pyrazolone derivative that is antipyrine substituted at C-4 by an isopropyl group. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic and a peripheral nervous system drug. It derives from an antipyrine. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavone that is apigenin with an extra hydroxy group at position 8. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an apigenin. 
it is a member of the class of benzoxazoles that is 2-benzoxazolinone substituted at position 6 by a bromo group. It is a benzoxazole and an organobromine compound. 
it is a it in which the polyprenyl substituent is decaprenyl. It has a role as a metabolite and a biomarker. It is a polyprenylhydroquinone and an it. 
Penicilloic acid, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. Penicilloic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Penicilloic acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, penicilloic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Used as a pH indicator and as a reagent for blood after decolorizing the alkaline solution by boiling with zinc dust. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid substituted by two methyl groups at positions 2 and 2 respectively. It derives from a succinic acid. 
it appears as needles or white powder. Explodes at 350Â°C. Insoluble in water. May explode from shock, heat, flame or friction when dry. The primary hazard is the blast effect of an instantaneous explosion and not flying projectiles and fragments. 
it is the phosphate salt of the synthetic, cell-permeable tricyclic nucleoside triciribine with potential antineoplastic activity. Triciribine inhibits the phosphorylation, activation, and signalling of Akt-1, -2, and -3, which may result in the inhibition of Akt-expressing tumor cell proliferation. Akts are anti-apoptotic serine/threonine-specific protein kinases that phosphorylate and inactivate components of the apoptotic machinery, including Bcl-xL/Bcl-2-associated death promoter (BAD) and caspase 9. 
it is a 1,1-bis(phosphonic acid) that is methanebis(phosphonic acid) in which the two methylene hydrogens are replaced by hydroxy and 3-aminopropyl groups. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.1 (dimethylallyltranstransferase) inhibitor and a bone density conservation agent. It is a 1,1-bis(phosphonic acid) and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is a second generation bisphosphonate and synthetic analog of pyrophosphate with anti-bone-resorption activity. it binds to and inhibits the activity of farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase, an enzyme involved in terpenoid biosynthesis. Inhibition of this enzyme prevents the biosynthesis of isoprenoid lipids, donor substrates of farnesylation and geranylgeranylation during the post-translational modification of small GTPase signalling proteins, which are important in the process of osteoclast turnover. As a result, bone resorption and turnover are reduced. 
it is a member of the class of thiadiazolidines that is 1,2,4-thiadiazolidine-3,5-dione which is substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and by a benzyl group at position 4. It is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta (GSK3beta). An experimental compound which was being developed for the potential treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, a neuroprotective agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a thiadiazolidine and a member of benzenes. 
it is beta-D-Galp-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcpNAc-(1->3)-beta-D-Galp-(1->4)-beta-D-Glcp-(1->4)-[alpha-D-GlcpNAc-(1->2)-3-PEA-L-alpha-D-Hepp-(1->3)]-L-alpha-D-Hepp-(1->5)-Kdo in which the terminal Kdo residue has alpha anomeric configuration. A branched octasaccharide corresponding to the core oligosaccharide of N. meningitis it,7,9 type. 
it is the active metabolite of cilazapril, a pyridazine angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, cilazapril is rapidly metabolized in the liver to it; it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II, resulting in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it appears as white to light yellow crystals or powder. Becomes anhydrous with reddening at 257-266Â°F. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of indanones that is indane-1,3-dione bearing two additional hydroxy substituents at position 2. It has a role as a colour indicator and a human metabolite. It is a member of indanones, a beta-diketone, an aromatic ketone and a ketone hydrate. 
A drug used in the management of peripheral and cerebral vascular disorders. It is claimed to enhance cellular oxidative capacity and to be a spasmolytic. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1310) It may also be an antagonist at 5HT-2 serotonin receptors. 
it is an odorless white powder. Stable at room temperature. Melting point 121-123Â°C. Moderately soluble in most organic solvents (Farm Chemical Handbook). Insoluble in water. Non corrosive. Used as a fungicide. it is an organotin compound that is triphenylstannane in which the hydrogen attached to tin is replaced by a hydroxy group. A fungicide used to control a variety of infections including blight on potatoes, leaf spot on sugar beet and alternaria blight on carrots. It has a role as an acaricide and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organotin compound and a member of hydroxides. It derives from a triphenylstannane. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is an inorganic nitrate salt having Cd(2+) as the counterion. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a hepatotoxic agent and a genotoxin. It is a cadmium salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. It contains a cadmium(2+). it is a colorless, crystalline, inorganic compound that forms toxic fumes of cadmium oxides when heated. Calcium nitrate is used in the production of cadmium hydroxide for use in alkaline batteries, to color glass and porcelain, in photography and in nuclear reactors. Exposure to this substance irritates the eyes, skin and respiratory tract and causes damage to the lungs resulting in shortness of breath, chest pain and pulmonary edema, and can also damage the kidneys causing proteinuria and decreased renal function. Calcium nitrate is a known carcinogen and is associated with an elevated risk of developing lung cancer. (NCI05) 
it is a monoterpenoid that is geraniol bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 8. It is a monoterpenoid, a member of prenols and a diol. 
it is a white to grayish crystalline powder. It is decomposed by water to form sodium hydroxide, a corrosive material, and hydrogen, a flammable gas. The heat of this reaction may be sufficient to ignite the hydrogen. The material itself is easily ignited and burns vigorously once ignited. It is used to make other chemicals, treat waste water, and for many other uses. it is an inorganic sodium salt and a metal tetrahydridoborate. 
it is 1H-imidazole substituted at C-1 by a (2-ethylsulfonyl)ethyl group, at C-2 by a methyl group and at C-5 by a nitro group. It is used as an antiprotozoal, antibacterial agent. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug, an antibacterial drug and an antiparasitic agent. it is a 5-nitroimidazole derivative with antiprotozoal property. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it has been suggested that it is metabolized and yields nitrite anions and metronidazole. Metronidazole's nitro group in turn is reduced via the parasite ferredoxin, thereby generating a series of free nitro radicals including nitro anions. Toxicity is achieved via depletion of sulfhydryl groups and DNA strand breaks with multiple hits having an additive effect and ultimately leading to cell death. 
Anthocyanidin 3,5-di-O-beta-D-glucoside betaine is the oxonium betaine of anthocyanidin 3,5-di-O-beta-D-glucoside arising from selective deprotonation of the 7-hydroxy group. It is a conjugate base of it. 
it is a member of coumarins. It derives from a coumarin. It is a conjugate acid of a it (2-). 
it is an optically active form of 3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoate having (3S)-configuration. It derives from a (4R,7S)-7-hydroxy-4-isopropenyl-7-methyloxepan-2-one and a (4S,7R)-7-hydroxy-4-isopropenyl-7-methyloxepan-2-one. It is a conjugate base of a (3S)-3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (3R)-3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoate. 
it is a glycosidic antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces griseus. it reversibly binds to guanine-cytosine (G-C) base pairs in the minor groove of DNA, thereby inhibiting RNA synthesis. This agent is used as a fluorescent chromosome dye. (NCI04) 
it is a penicillin in which the 6beta substituent is [(azepan-1-yl)methylidene]amino; an extended-spectrum penicillin antibiotic that binds specifically to penicillin binding protein 2 (PBP2), and is only considered to be active against Gram-negative bacteria. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antiinfective agent. it is a semisynthetic, broad spectrum beta-lactam penicillin with antibacterial activity. it specifically binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding protein 2 (PBP 2) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Given the fact that most beta-lactam penicillins bind almost exclusively to PBPs 1 and 3, amdinocillin is able to synergize with other penicillins in the treatment against bacterial infections. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta hydroxy acids and derivatives. Beta hydroxy acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituted with a hydroxyl group on the C3 carbon atom. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is sideroxylin in which the methyl group at position 8 is replaced by a hydrogen. It has been found in Hydrastis canadensis and Eucalyptus species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a sideroxylin. 
it is a cyclopentapyrimidine that is 6,7-dihydro-1H-cyclopenta[d]pyrimidine-2,4(3H,5H)-dione substituted by a cyclohexyl group at position 3. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. 
Ethyl green(1+) is an iminium ion that forms the cationic portion of the histological dye 'ethyl green'. It is an iminium ion and a quaternary ammonium ion. 
it is an organosilanol in which silicon is bonded to a single hydroxy function and to three phenyl groups. It derives from a hydride of a silanol. 
This is a chemical weapon related to sulfur mustard (mustard gas) and is expected to react in a similar fashion. See the chemical datasheet for sulfur mustard for more information. 
it is an optically active form of it having D-configuration. Pharmaceutical form (L-form is toxic) of chelating agent used to treat heavy metal poisoning. It has a role as a chelator, an antirheumatic drug and a drug allergen. It is a it and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. it is a beta dimethyl analog of the amino acid cysteine. As a degradation product of penicillin antibiotics, it chelates with heavy metals and increases their urinary excretion. Possessing antineoplastic properties, it induces apoptosis by a p53-mediated mechanism and inhibits angiogenesis by chelating with copper, a cofactor for angiogenesis. (NCI04) 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N-ethyl-N'-(propan-2-yl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a methoxy group at position 6. It is an agrochemical used as a herbicide. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an agrochemical and a herbicide. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a stilbenoid that is trans-resveratrol in which one of the meta-hydroxy groups is converted to the corresponding methyl ether. It derives from a trans-resveratrol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in fruits. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
This solid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide in a solvent slurry. it is a peroxy acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
5-Acetyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 5-Acetyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-acetyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5-acetyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole can be found in coffee and coffee products and potato. This makes 5-acetyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a cyclic ketone that is 4-ethylcyclohexanone which is substituted by pyridin-3-ylmethylene groups at positions 2 and 6. It is a potent small molecule stimulator of steroid receptor coactivators (SRCs). it increases SRCs' interactions with other coactivators and markedly induces ER stress coupled to the generation of reactive oxygen species. Since cancer cells overexpress SRCs and rely on them for growth, it can be used to selectively induce excessive stress in cancer cells. It has a role as a steroid receptor coactivator stimulator and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cyclic ketone, an enone and a member of pyridines. 
it is a small molecule and non-prodrug analogue of the lipophilic macrolide antibiotic rapamycin with potential antitumor activity. it binds to and inhibits the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), which may result in cell cycle arrest and, consequently, the inhibition of tumor cell growth and proliferation. Upregulated in some tumors, mTOR is a serine/threonine kinase involved in regulating cellular proliferation, motility, and survival that is located downstream of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. 
it is a flavone C-glycoside that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3' and 4' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyl and a beta-L-arabinopyranosyl residue via C-glycosidic linkages at positions 6 and 8 respectively It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a flavone C-glycoside and a tetrahydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is a semisynthetic derivative of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic nogalamycin. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin. (NCI04) 
it is a C20 hydroxy fatty acid having (5S)-, (6R)- and (15S)-hydroxy groups as well as (7E)- (9E)-, (11Z)- and (13E)-double bonds. It has a role as a metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a lipoxin, a long-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a (2R)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-mercaptolactic acid, obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3-mercaptolactic acid. 
it is a colorless liquid with an apple-like odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a propanoate ester of pentan-1-ol. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It derives from a pentan-1-ol. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion has that has two methyl groups and a pentamethylene-1,5-diyl group attached to the nitrogen. Its salts are used as plant growth inhibitors. It has a role as an agrochemical, a Maillard reaction product and a plant growth retardant. 
A protein extract of human menopausal urine in which LUTEINIZING HORMONE has been partially or completely removed. it represents FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE from the urine. 
it is a quinolone that is quinolin-4(1H)-one bearing cyclopropyl, carboxylic acid, fluoro and piperazin-1-yl substituents at positions 1, 3, 6 and 7, respectively. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, a topoisomerase IV inhibitor, an antibacterial drug, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a quinolone antibiotic, a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, a N-arylpiperazine, a quinolone, an aminoquinoline and a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid. it is a synthetic broad spectrum fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it binds to and inhibits bacterial DNA gyrase, an enzyme essential for DNA replication. This agent is more active against Gram-negative bacteria than Gram-positive bacteria. (NCI04) 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of clodinafop with the hydroxy group of prop-2-yn-1-ol. It is widely used as a herbicide for the control of annual grass weeds in cereal crops. It has a role as an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a carboxylic ester, an aromatic ether, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines and a propyzamide. It derives from a prop-2-yn-1-ol and a clodinafop. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Renal impairment, Hepatic Impairment, Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus, and High Level of Sugar (Glucose) in the Blood. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the sodium-glucose co-transporter subtype 1 (SGLT1) and 2 (SGLT2), with potential antihyperglycemic activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to and blocks both SGLT1 in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract and SGLT2 in the kidneys, thereby suppressing the absorption of glucose from the GI tract and the reabsorption of glucose by the proximal tubule into the bloodstream, respectively. This decreases glucose uptake and enhances the urinary excretion of glucose, which lowers and/or normalizes blood glucose levels. SGLT1 is the primary transporter responsible for glucose absorption from the GI tract. SGLT2, a transport protein exclusively expressed in the proximal renal tubules, mediates approximately 90% of renal glucose reabsorption from tubular fluid. 
it is a purine arabinonucleoside monophosphate having 2-fluoroadenine as the nucleobase. A prodrug, it is rapidly dephosphorylated to 2-fluoro-ara-A and then phosphorylated intracellularly by deoxycytidine kinase to the active triphosphate, 2-fluoro-ara-ATP. Once incorporated into DNA, 2-fluoro-ara-ATP functions as a DNA chain terminator. It is used for the treatment of adult patients with B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) who have not responded to, or whose disease has progressed during, treatment with at least one standard alkylating-agent containing regimenas. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent, an antiviral agent, a prodrug and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It is an organofluorine compound, a nucleoside analogue and a purine arabinonucleoside monophosphate. It derives from a 2-fluoroadenine. it is the phosphate salt of a fluorinated nucleotide antimetabolite analog of the antiviral agent vidarabine (ara-A) with antineoplastic activity. it is rapidly dephosphorylated to 2-fluoro-ara-A and then phosphorylated intracellularly by deoxycytidine kinase to the active triphosphate, 2-fluoro-ara-ATP. This metabolite may inhibit DNA polymerase alpha, ribonucleotide reductase and DNA primase, thereby interrupting DNA synthesis and inhibiting tumor cell growth. 
it is an orally-active quinazolinone alkaloid with potential antineoplastic activity. it interferes with the signaling pathway of transforming growth factor beta (TGF beta) and inhibits expression of matrix metalloproteinase 2, thereby inhibiting collagen type I synthesis and inducing extracellular matrix degradation, resulting in inhibition of angiogenesis, tumor growth, or metastasis. 
it appears as white deliquescent crystals or powder. Soluble in water and denser than water. Poses a dangerous fire risk when in contact with organic materials or heat. May be irritating to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an azaspiro compound that is 8-azaspiro[4.5]decane-7,9-dione substituted at the nitrogen atom by a 4-(piperazin-1-yl)butyl group which in turn is substituted by a pyrimidin-2-yl group at the N(4) position. It has a role as an anxiolytic drug, a sedative, a serotonergic agonist and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is an azaspiro compound, a member of pyrimidines, a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, a member of piperidones and an organic heteropolycyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an anxiolytic agent chemically and pharmacologically unrelated to benzodiazepines, barbiturates, or other sedative/hypnotic drugs. Although its exact mechanism of action is unknown, it may exert its anti-anxiety effects via serotonin (5-HT1A) and dopamine receptors (D2) and may indirectly affect other neurotransmitter systems. Unlike typical benzodiazepine anxiolytics, this agent does not exert anticonvulsant or muscle relaxant effects and lacks prominent sedative effects. 
it is an octadecadienoyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of linoleic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a linoleoyl bioconjugate and an octadecadienoyl-CoA. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is an isothiocyanate having a phenyl group attached to the nitrogen; used for amino acid sequencing in the Edman degradation. It has a role as an allergen and a reagent. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid consisting of 2,3,4,5-tetrahydrodipyridine having two carboxy groups at the 2- and 6-positions. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and a tetrahydropyridine. It derives from a dipicolinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3,4,5-tetrahydrodipicolinate(2-). 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, two L-leucine units, and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-leucine and a L-serine. 
it is a triol. It has a role as a buffer. It is a conjugate acid of a member of tris. 
Isobutyl aldehyde appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point of -40Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. it is a member of the class of propanals that is propanal substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a member of propanals and a 2-methyl-branched fatty aldehyde. 
it is the salt of triethanolamine. See the chemical datasheet for triethanolamine for more information. it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining triethanolamine with one equivalent of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a surfactant. It contains a triethanolammonium. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer. Pladienolide Derivative it is a synthetic urethane derivative of pladienolide D with potential antineoplastic activity. Pladienolide derivative it is generated from the 12-membered macrolide pladienolide D, one of several macrolides derived from the bacterium Streptomyces platensis Mer-11107. This agent appears to bind to the 130-kDa subunit 3 (spliceosome-associated protein 130; SAP130) of the splicing factor 3b (SF3b), resulting in inhibition of pre-messenger RNA splicing and the arrest of cell-cycle progression. The splicing factor SF3b is a multiprotein complex integral to the accurate excision of introns from pre-messenger RNA; the subunit SAP130 associates with U2 snRNP and is recruited to prespliceosomal complexes. 
An opioid analgesic related to MORPHINE but with less potent analgesic properties and mild sedative effects. It also acts centrally to suppress cough. 
it is a benzyltetrahydroisoquinoline having the benzyl group at the 1-position and an N-methyl substituent. It is a conjugate base of a 1-benzyl-2-methyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolinium. 
4-hydroxy-2-quinolone is a heteroaryl hydroxy compound that is 2-quinolone substituted at position 4 by a hydroxy group. It is a quinolone and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. 
9,10-Secoergosta-5,7,10(19),22-tetraene-3,25-diol. Biologically active metabolite of vitamin D2 which is more active in curing rickets than its parent. The compound is believed to attach to the same receptor as vitamin D2 and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3. 
it, also known as 2-it or 2-(mercaptomethyl)thiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-thiophenemethanethiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a coffee, fishy, and roast taste. 
it is a member of the class of pyrimidines that is 5-methylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine in which the amino group at position 2 is substituted by a p-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)phenyl group, while that at position 4 is substituted by a m-(tert-butylsulfamoyl)phenyl group. A Janus kinase 2 (JAK2) inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyrimidines, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine and a secondary amino compound. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is a derivative of alanine with a side chain that is one carbon longer than the alanine side chain. It is synthesized through the transamination of oxobutyrate and is utilized in the biosynthesis of nonribosomal peptides. 
it is an acetate ester that is ethyl acetate substituted by a pentyloxy group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an acetate ester and an ether. 
5-Hydroxymethyl-4-methyluracil, also known as it or 4-methyl-5-hydroxymethyluracil, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidones. Pyrimidones are compounds that contain a pyrimidine ring, which bears a ketone. Pyrimidine is a 6-membered ring consisting of four carbon atoms and two nitrogen centers at the 1- and 3- ring positions. 5-Hydroxymethyl-4-methyluracil is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-hydroxymethyl-4-methyluracil is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a white crystalline solid. Melting point 173-175Â°C. Sinks in water. A selective herbicide used for season-long weed control in a variety of crops. it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is 1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a chloro group at position 6 while one of hydrogens of each amino group is replaced respectively by an ethyl and a propan-2-yl group. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from a 6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine. 
it is the hexaanion of 1D-myo-inositol 1,3,4-trisphosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 1D-myo-inositol 1,3,4-trisphosphate. 
it is an apple-green powder or a green crystalline solid. Insoluble in water. Toxic by inhalation and by ingestion. Carcinogenic. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen in fires. 
(+/-)-2, 8-epithio-cis-p-menthane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiepanes. These are organic compounds containing a heptane ring in which one carbon atom is replaced by a sulfur atom (+/-)-2, 8-epithio-cis-p-menthane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (+/-)-2, 8-epithio-cis-p-menthane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) (+/-)-2, 8-epithio-cis-p-menthane has a fir needle, fresh, and grapefruit peel taste. 
it is an aldehydic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-aspartate 4-semialdehyde. It is a tautomer of a L-aspartic acid 4-semialdehyde betaine. 
Flavoproteins that function as circadian rhythm signaling proteins in ANIMALS and as blue-light photoreceptors in PLANTS. They are structurally-related to DNA PHOTOLYASES and it is believed that both classes of proteins may have originated from an earlier protein that played a role in protecting primitive organisms from the cyclical exposure to UV LIGHT. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans used for the treatment of cardiac arrhythmias. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a tertiary amino compound, a sulfonamide, an aromatic ketone and an aromatic ether. 
it is an anthocyanidin cation consisting of benzopyrylium with hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 5, a methoxy group at position 7 and a 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides that is the carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)methyl]benzoic acid with the primary amino group of 4-methyl-N(3)-[4-(pyridin-3-yl)-1,3-thiazol-2-yl]benzene-1,3-diamine. It is a highly selective oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an antirheumatic drug. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a member of pyridines and a member of benzamides. 
it is a synthetic cannabinoid analogue of delta (9)-tetrahydrocannabinol (delta(9)-THC) with antiemetic and anti-analgesic properties. Although its precise mechanism of action is unknown, it appears to bind and activate the cannabinoid receptors CB1 and/or CB2. (NCI04) 
(3E)-pent-3-en-2-one is a it in which the double bond has (E)-configuration. It is a key odorant responsible for the chestnut-like aroma in green tea. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a plant metabolite. It is a it and a volatile organic compound. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02956486 (A 24-Month Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of it (it) in Subjects With Early Alzheimer's Disease). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
(E)-it is the formate ester of geraniol. It has a role as an alarm pheromone and a plant metabolite. It derives from a geraniol. 
15(R)-HETE is an optically active form of 15-HETE having 15(R)-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a 15(R)-HETE(1-). It is an enantiomer of a 15(S)-HETE. 
4-hydroxychlorothalonil is a member of the class of trichlorophenols that is isophthalonitrile substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 by chloro groups and at position 6 by a hydroxy group. The major metabolite of chlorothalonil. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of trichlorophenols and a nitrile. It derives from an isophthalonitrile. 
it is a tertiary amine non-depolarising muscle relaxant whose structure comprises a core benzene molecule substituted at each of C-1, C-2 and C-3 by an N,N-diethyl-2-(ethylamino)ethoxy group. It has a role as a muscle relaxant, a cholinergic antagonist and a drug allergen. 
Cyclo(L-phenylalanyl-L-phenylalanyl) is a member of the class of 2,5-diketopiperazines that is piperazine-2,5-dione in which one hydrogen at position 3 and one hydrogen at position 6 are replaced by benzyl groups (the 3S,6S-diastereomer). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid diamide that is amphetamine is substituted on nitrogen by a (2,6-dimethylphenoxy)acetyl group and on the carbon alpha- to nitrogen by a (1S,3S)-1-hydroxy-3-{[(2S)-3-methyl-2-(2-oxotetrahydropyrimidin-1-yl)butanoyl]amino}-4-phenylbutyl group. An antiretroviral of the protease inhibitor class, it is used against HIV infections as a fixed-dose combination with another protease inhibitor, ritonavir. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a HIV protease inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of amphetamines and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. it is a peptidomimetic HIV protease inhibitor that retains activity against HIV protease with the Val 82 mutation. it is less affected by binding to serum proteins than the structurally-related drug ritonavir. 
it is a tripeptide formed from L-serine, L-leucine and L-serine residues joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It derives from a L-serine and a L-leucine. 
it is a sulfur oxoacid that is sulfenic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the sulfur has been replaced by a cyano group. It has a role as an oxidising agent, an antiviral agent, an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent, a rat metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a one-carbon compound and a sulfur oxoacid. 
3',5'-di-O-methyltricetin is the 3',5'-di-O-methyl ether of tricetin. Known commonly as it, it is a constituent of rice bran and has been found to potently inhibit colon cancer cell growth. It has a role as an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone, a dimethoxyflavone and a member of 3'-methoxyflavones. It derives from a tricetin. It is a conjugate acid of a 3',5'-di-O-methyltricetin(1-). 
it is a rebaudioside that is rubusoside in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 4 of the beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at the 13alpha position have both been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranoside. It has a role as a sweetening agent. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a rebaudioside. It derives from a rubusoside and a beta-D-Glcp-(1->2)-[beta-D-Glcp-(1->3)]-beta-D-Glcp. 
it is a chlorobenzoic acid carrying chloro substituents at positions 3 and 4. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dichlorobenzoate. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is propiophenone substituted at C-4 and at C-beta with methyl and methylamino groups respectively. It is a synthetic stimulant and entactogen drug of the amphetamine and cathinone classes. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a member of amphetamines, an aromatic ketone and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a propiophenone. 
it is an ultra-long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is octacosane in which a hydrogen attached to one of the terminal carbons is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a fatty alcohol 28:0 and an ultra-long-chain primary fatty alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an octacosane. 
it, also known as DBS or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, dibutyl decanedioate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a faint, fruity, and oily taste. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a hydroxybenzoquinone in which all four protons of the benzoquinone structure are substituted by hydroxy groups. A systemic keratolytic, it is normally supplied as its hydrate (CHEBI:137471). It has a role as a keratolytic drug. 
it is a primary aliphatic amine that is pentane substituted by an amino group at position 3. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a pentane. 
it(2-) is the conjugate base of magnesium protoporphyrin, formed by deprotonation of the carboxyethyl groups at C-13 and C-17. It is the principal species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a magnesium protoporphyrin. 
it is a pyrimidine compound having a 2-methoxy-4-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)anilino group at the 2-position, a 3-(acryloylamino)phenoxy group at the 4-position, and a chloro substituent at the 5-position. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of pyrimidines, a member of piperazines and an organochlorine compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steviol glycosides. These are prenol lipids containing a carbohydrate moiety glycosidically linked to a steviol (a diterpenoid based on a 13-Hydroxykaur-16-en-18-oic acid) moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, steviobioside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a non-proteinogenic amino-acid derivative that is norvaline (2-aminopentanoic acid) in which a hydrogen at position 3 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a non-proteinogenic amino acid derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a 2-aminopentanoic acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide that is a hapten and transition state analogue containing phenylphosphonate and succinoylamino moieties. It has a role as a hapten. It is an organic phosphonate and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from a succinic acid. 
it is a trifluorinated corticosteroid that consists of 6alpha,9-difluoro-11beta,17alpha-dihydroxy-17beta-{[(fluoromethyl)sulfanyl]carbonyl}-16-methyl-3-oxoandrosta-1,4-diene bearing a 2-furoyl substituent at position 17. Used in combination with vilanterol trifenate for treatment of bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent, a prodrug and an anti-asthmatic drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a corticosteroid, a fluorinated steroid, a steroid ester, a 2-furoate ester, a thioester and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It derives from a fluticasone. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 
it is a disaccharide derivative that consists of hesperetin substituted by a 6-O-(alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a mutagen. It is a disaccharide derivative, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a dihydroxyflavanone, a monomethoxyflavanone, a flavanone glycoside, a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones and a rutinoside. It derives from a hesperetin. 
2-amino-3-methyl-3,7-dihydro-6H-purin-6-one is a it that is 3,7-dihydro-6H-purin-6-one substituted by an amino group at position 2 and a methyl group at position 3. It is a tautomer of a 2-amino-3-methyl-3,9-dihydro-6H-purin-6-one and a 2-imino-3-methyl-1,2,3,9-tetrahydro-6H-purin-6-one. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1H-imidazole in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 4-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-[(2,6-dichlorophenyl)sulfanyl]butyl group. An antifungal agent, it is used as its nitrate salt in gynaecology for treatment of vulvovaginal infections caused by Candida species, particularly Candida albicans. It is a member of imidazoles, an aryl sulfide, a dichlorobenzene, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic imidazole derivative with fungistatic properties. it interferes with steroid biosynthesis by inhibiting the conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol, thereby changing the fungal cell membrane lipid composition. This alters cell permeability and leads to growth inhibition. it nitrate is active against many dermatophytes and yeasts. It also contains antibacterial effects against some gram-positive organisms. 
it is a hydroxychrysene that is chrysene in which the hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavanones. Flavanones are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, with a structure characterized by a 2-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a ketone at the carbon C3. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from diphosphonic acid. It is a phosphorus oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 is substituted by a phenyl group, and one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid and a hydrait. It is a conjugate acid of a tropate. 
it, also known as Î’-panasinsene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Beta-panasinsene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Beta-panasinsene can be found in tea. This makes Beta-panasinsene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a catechin with (2R,3R)-configuration. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a polyphenol and a catechin. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
Sodium cuprocyanide, solid appears as a white powder. Decomposes at 212Â°F. Toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption through open wounds. Reacts with acids to evolve hydrogen cyanide, which is a highly toxic and flammable. Used for preparing and maintaining copper plating baths. 
it appears as a pale yellow oily liquid with an odor of onions. Highly toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Strongly irritates skin and mucous membranes. Density 1.265 g / cm3. Insoluble in water and soluble in alcohol. Noncombustible. 
5, 8-Epoxydaucane, also known as carota-1, 4-oxide or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. 5, 8-Epoxydaucane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5, 8-epoxydaucane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5, 8-epoxydaucane can be found in carrot, root vegetables, and wild carrot. This makes 5, 8-epoxydaucane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an orally bioavailable receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively targets and inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGFR), platelet-derived growth factor (PDGFR), Kit, and Ret receptors, thereby inhibiting angiogenesis and cellular proliferation. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a glycosyl glycoside which is an intermediate in the breakdown of sucrose. The structure is that of sucrose in which the glucosyl 3-hydroxy group has been reduced to a keto group. It is a glycosyl glycoside and a keto-disaccharide. 
1-(2-methylphenyl)glycerol is a glycerol ether in which a single 2-methylphenyl group is attached at position 1 of glycerol via an ether linkage. It is an aromatic ether and a glycerol ether. It derives from an o-cresol. 
it appears as blue-violet crystals. Used as an anti-tumor antibiotic complex. (EPA, 1998) it is a it. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an alkylating agent. it is a methylazirinopyrroloindoledione antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces caespitosus and other Streptomyces bacterial species. Bioreduced it generates oxygen radicals, alkylates DNA, and produces interstrand DNA cross-links, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis. Preferentially toxic to hypoxic cells, it also inhibits RNA and protein synthesis at high concentrations. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6 and 7 and a (3-chlorophenyl)nitrilo group at position 4. It acts as an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist. It has a role as an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinazolines, an aromatic ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the tetraanionic form of 5-[(5-phospho-1-deoxy-D-ribulos-1-ylimino)methylamino]-1-(5-phospho-beta-D-ribosyl)imidazole-4-carboxamide. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 5-[(5-phospho-1-deoxy-D-ribulos-1-ylimino)methylamino]-1-(5-phospho-beta-D-ribosyl)imidazole-4-carboxamide. 
N-Acetyl-2, 6-diethylaniline, also known as N-(2, 6-diethylphenyl)-acetamide or 2', 6'-diethyl-acetanilide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetanilides. These are organic compounds containing an acetamide group conjugated to a phenyl group. N-Acetyl-2, 6-diethylaniline exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, N-acetyl-2, 6-diethylaniline is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group of pravastatin. It is a conjugate base of a pravastatin. it is the sodium salt of pravastatin with cholesterol-lowering and potential antineoplastic activities. Pravastatin competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses by suppressing MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. In addition, pravastatin, like other statins, exhibits pro-apoptotic, growth inhibitory, and pro-differentiation activities in a variety of tumor cells; these antineoplastic activities may be due, in part, to inhibition of the isoprenylation of Ras and Rho GTPases and related signaling cascades. 
All-cis-icosa-11,14,17-trienoic acid is an icosatrienoic acid having three cis- double bonds at positions 11, 14 and 17. It is a fatty acid 20:3 and an omega-3 fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an (11Z,14Z,17Z)-icosatrienoate. 
2,3-dihydro-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-5,6,7-trimethoxy-4H-1-benzopyran-4-one is a methoxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7 and 4'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a flavanone. 
it is the anion formed from naproxen by loss of a proton from the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a naproxen. 
it is a member of the class of phenylacetic acids that is phenylacetic acid which carries an amino group at position 2 of the phenyl ring. A fungal metabolite produced by Colletotrichum gloeosporioides. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a substituted aniline and a member of phenylacetic acids. 
it is a dihydroxy-1,3,5-triazine that is 1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diol substituted by a chloro group at position 6. It is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine and a dihydroxy-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a dodecenoic acid having its double bond at position 2. It is a dodecenoic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a nitrosamine that is iminodiacetone that is substituted by a nitroso group at the N-atom. It induces pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas in Syrian golden hamsters (other rodents are not susceptible). It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a nitrosamine and a ketone. 
it is n,N-Dimethylbut-3-en-2-amine in which each of the hydrogens at position 4 is substituted by a 2-thienyl group. An opioid analgesic drug, it is controlled under the UN Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs (1961), but is used in veterinary medicine, particularly in Japan. It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It is a member of thiophenes and a tertiary amine. 
it is a myo-inositol tetrakisphosphate having the four phosphate groups at the 1-, 4-, 5- and 6-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is estra-1,3,5(10)-triene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 16. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid and a 16beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02550678 (A Study of the Efficacy and Safety of it in Adult Patients With Low-risk Nodular Basal Cell Carcinoma). 
it is a flavan-3,3',4,4',5,5',7-heptol that has (2R,3S,4S) configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a flavan-3,3',4,4',5,5',7-heptol, a leucoanthocyanidin and a (2R,3S,4S)-leucoanthocyanidin. It derives from a (+)-gallocatechin. 
it is dianion of it arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
Phenylpropanolamine hydrochloride is an odorless white to creamy-white crystalline powder. Bitter taste. pH (3% solution):4.5-6. pH (10% solution) 4.2-5.5. (NTP, 1992) Phenylpropanolamine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of phenylpropanolamine, an alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with sympathomimetic activity. Phenylpropanolamine binds to and activates alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract resulting in vasoconstriction and reduction in swelling of nasal mucous membranes and reduction in tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion. This agent also stimulates the release of norepinephrine from its storage sites resulting in the effects already described. Finally, phenylpropanolamine indirectly stimulates beta-receptors producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect. 
it is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and an organochlorine insecticide. It has a role as an agrochemical and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, hypoglycin b is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, hypoglycin b can be found in a number of food items such as greenthread tea, spelt, mountain yam, and jute. This makes hypoglycin b a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as a contraceptive drug, a progestin and a synthetic oral contraceptive. it is a synthetic progestogen structurally related to levonorgestrel, with progesterone hormone receptor agonistic activity, used as a contraceptive and hormone replacement agent. Upon administration, it binds intracellular progesterone receptors in progesterone responsive tissue and the resultant complex interacts with DNA causing either gene transcription or gene repression. This eventually leads to an inhibition of gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) secretion from the hypothalamus and a subsequent inhibition of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) release. This prevents ovulation and alters the cervical mucus. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloalkenes. These are unsaturated monocyclic hydrocarbons having one endocyclic double bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in saliva. 
Meso-2,6-diaminopimelic acid dizwitterion is dizwitterionic form of meso-2,6-diaminopimelic acid arising from migration of protons from both carboxy groups to the amino groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a meso-2,6-diaminopimelate(2-). It is a tautomer of a meso-2,6-diaminopimelic acid. 
A cyclodecane isolated from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, TAXUS BREVIFOLIA. It stabilizes MICROTUBULES in their polymerized form leading to cell death. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
A quinolizidine alkaloid isolated from several FABACEAE including LUPINUS; SPARTIUM; and CYTISUS. It has been used as an oxytocic and an anti-arrhythmia agent. It has also been of interest as an indicator of CYP2D6 genotype. 
it is a diterpene alkaloid that is 6,18:14,16-diepoxypimar-7-en-18-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3 and a dimethyl amino group at position 15. It is isolated from Icacina guessfeldtii. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a diterpene lactone, a pimarane diterpenoid, a tertiary amino compound and a diterpene alkaloid. 
Folic acid is a water soluble vitamin found in many foods and particularly in leafy green vegetables that is essential for the critical biosynthetic pathways involving transfer of methyl groups to organic compounds. There is no evidence that folic acid, in physiologic or even super-physiologic, high doses, causes liver injury or jaundice. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is the 3,7,3'-trimethyl ether derivative of quercetagetin. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antiviral agent. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetagetin. 
it appears as a clear colorless to light yellow volatile liquid with a strong disagreeable odor. Boiling point 46Â° C. Flash point -22Â°F. Flammable over a wide vapor/air concentration range(1%-50%). Vapors are readily ignited; the heat of a common light bulb may suffice. Insoluble in water and more dense (10.5 lb / gal) than water. Hence sinks in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used in the manufacture of rayon and cellophane, in the manufacture of flotation agents and as a solvent. 
it is a member of the class of isoxazoles that is isoxazole which is substituted at positions 3, 4 and 5 by phenyl, p-sulfamoylphenyl and methyl groups, respectively. A selective cyclooxygenase 2-inhibitor, it used as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) for the treatment of arthritis from 2001 until 2005, when it was withdrawn following concerns of an associated increased risk of heart attack and stroke. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antirheumatic drug and an antipyretic. It is a member of isoxazoles and a sulfonamide. it is a sulfonamide derivative and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic activities. it selectively binds to and inhibits cyclooxygenase (COX)-2, thereby preventing the conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandins, which are involved in the regulation of pain, inflammation, and fever. This NSAID does not inhibit COX-1 at therapeutic concentrations and therefore does not interfere with blood coagulation. 
it appears as brown flakes or beige solid. Strong odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a tetrachlorophenol in which the chlorines are located at positions 2, 3, 4, and 6. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a prostacyclin analogue with potential chemopreventive activity. it binds to the prostacyclin receptor in various target cells, thereby causing vasodilation, inhibition of platelet aggregation, and decreased tumor cell adhesion to endothelium among other effects. Prostacyclin is a naturally occurring eicosanoid with anti-inflammatory, antineoplastic, and anti-metastatic properties. (NCI05) 
it is a glycodihydroceramide that is a sphinganine derivative having a D-glucosyl group at the 1-position and a tetracosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. It has a role as a hapten. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of 2-(4-methoxy[1,1'-biphenyl]-3-yl)hydrazinecarboxylic acid with 2-propanol. It has a role as an acaricide. It derives from a carbazic acid. It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. 
Antifungal metabolite from several fungi, mainly Trichoderma viride; inhibits protein synthesis by binding to ribosomes; proposed as antifungal and antineoplastic; used as tool in cellular biochemistry. 
N-(butan-2-yl)-N'-ethyl-6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N-(butan-2-yl)-N'-ethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a methoxy group at position 6. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine. 
Alpha-L-Fucp-(1->2)-beta-D-Galp is a glycosylgalactose consisting of beta-D-galactose having an alpha-L-fucosyl residue attached at the 2-position. It has a role as an epitope. 
An anionic compound that is used as a reagent for determination of potassium, ammonium, rubidium, and cesium ions. It also uncouples oxidative phosphorylation and forms complexes with biological materials, and is used in biological assays. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is trans-chalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2' and 4' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at position 4 respectively. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of chalcones, a member of resorcinols, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt derived from hexamethylenetetramine; used as a preservative in many cosmetics and industrial substances. Also acts as a disinfectant and allergenic agent. It has a role as a disinfectant, an antibacterial agent, a hapten and an allergen. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a hexamethylenetetramine. 
it is a glycosyl alditol consisting of alpha-D-glucopyranose and D-glucitol residues joined in sequence by a (1->6)-glycosidic bond. It is an O-acyl carbohydrate and a glycosyl alditol. It derives from a beta-D-glucose and a D-glucitol. 
, also known as 2-oxo-3-pentanol or fema 3550, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyloins. These are organic compounds containing an alpha hydroxy ketone. Acyloins are formally derived from reductive coupling of carboxylic acyl groups. Thus, is considered to be an oxygenated hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, can be found in milk and milk products. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a white crystalline powder with a slight odor. (NTP, 1992) it is an N-sulfonylurea that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one of the nitrogens is substituted by 4-chlorobenzenesulfonyl group and a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen is substituted by propyl group. it is a hypoglycaemic agent used in the treatment of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus not responding to dietary modification. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and an insulin secretagogue. It is a N-sulfonylurea and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a long-acting, first-generation sulfonylurea with hypoglycemic activity. Compared to other sulfonylureas, it has an increased risk of prolonged hypoglycemia because of its long half-life. 
3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-6, 7-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. 3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-6, 7-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a compound obtained from nucleophilic cleavage of the beta-lactam ring of benzylpenicillin by the amino group of L-cysteine. It is a thiazolidinedicarboxylic acid and a dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a benzylpenicillin and a L-cysteine. 
it is a member of the class of indols which is the 2-hydroxy-3-(isopropylamino)propyl ether derivative of 1H-indol-4-ol. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent, a vasodilator agent and an antiglaucoma drug. It is a member of indoles and a secondary amine. it is an aryloxypropanolamine derivative with antihypertensive property. it competitively binds to beta-adrenergic receptors, resulting in a decrease in beta-adrenergic activities, i.e., vasodilation, and negative chronotropic and inotropic effects. In addition, this agent blocks serotonin (5-HT) 1A receptors, thereby increasing the available serotonin in the brain. Increased serotonin levels augment the antidepressant action of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and monoamine oxidase inhibitors. 
Imidacloprid, also known as confidor or IMD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitroguanidines. These are organonitrogen compounds containing a nitro group, which is N-linked to a guanidine. Imidacloprid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, imidacloprid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Imidacloprid can be biosynthesized from 2-chloropyridine. Imidacloprid is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is 2-Deoxy-D-streptamine glycosylated at the 4-oxygen with a 6-amino-alpha-D-glucosaminyl group. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is a 2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucoside and an aminoglycoside. It is a conjugate base of a it(4+). it is the minor component of the neomycin complex, a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces fradiae with antibacterial activity. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is 1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a tert-butyl group at the amino nitrogen and a chloro group at position 6. It is metabolite of the herbicide terbutylazine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a chloro-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is the sodium salt of ceit. Formerly used to lower cholesterol and prevent cardiovascular disease, it was withdrawn from the market worldwide in 2001 following reports of a severe form of muscle toxicity. It is an organic sodium salt and a statin (synthetic). It contains a ceit(1-). it is the sodium salt of ceit, a synthetic lipid-lowering agent. 
Procainamide hydrochloride is a hydrochloride which has procainamide as the amino component. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It contains a procainamide. 
1, 9-Dimethyluric acid, also known as 1, 9-dimethylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthines. These are purine derivatives with a ketone group conjugated at carbons 2 and 6 of the purine moiety. 1, 9-Dimethyluric acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 1, 9-Dimethyluric acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 1, 9-dimethyluric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an androstanoid that is dehydroepiandrosterone carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at the 7alpha-position. It has a role as an estrogen, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant, a rat metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid, an androstanoid and a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a dehydroepiandrosterone. 
it is an ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid with ethanol. It is the anti-oxidative component of peanut seed testa. It has a role as an EC 1.14.11.2 (procollagen-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor, an antibacterial agent, an antioxidant, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is an ethyl ester and a member of catechols. It derives from a 3,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is the (2S)-2-[(R)-1-carboxyethylamino] derivative of pentanoic acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2S)-2-[(R)-1-carboxyethylamino]pentanoate and a (2S)-2-{[(1R)-1-carboxylatoethyl]azaniumyl}pentanoate. 
it is a it(3-) in which the D-muramoyl fragment has alpha-configuration at its anomeric centre. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-muramoyl-L-alaninate(3-). 
Disodium 4,7-diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline 4',4''-disulfonate is an organic sodium salt having 4,7-diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline 4',4''-disulfonate as the counterion. It has a role as an iron chelator. It contains a 4,7-diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline 4',4''-disulfonate. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Decomposed by moisture or water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it, also known as it or fema 2164, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a berry, camphor, and oak taste. 
it is a polyprenol diphosphate having neryl as the polyprenyl component. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Beta-(2-Methoxyphenoxy)-lactic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. Beta-(2-Methoxyphenoxy)-lactic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Beta-(2-Methoxyphenoxy)-lactic acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, Beta-(2-methoxyphenoxy)-lactic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the conjugate base of propionic acid; a key precursor in lipid biosynthesis. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a propionic acid. 
it is 2-Amino-9H-purine in which the hydrogen at position 9 is substituted by a 4-acetoxy-3-(acetoxymethyl)but-1-yl group. A prodrug of the antiviral penciclovir, it is used for the treatment of acute herpes zoster (shingles), for the treatment or suppression of recurrent genital herpes in immunocompetent patients and for the treatment of recurrent mucocutaneous herpes simplex infections in HIV infected patients. It has a role as a prodrug and an antiviral drug. It is a member of 2-aminopurines and an acetate ester. it is a diacetyl 6-deoxy prodrug analog of the antiviral agent penciclovir. Orally administered, it in vivo is converted to penciclovir triphosphate, which is active against the Herpes viruses, including herpes simplex 1 and 2 and varicella-zoster. This agent inhibits the replication of viral DNA by interfering competitively with DNA polymerase. (NCI04) 
it is a pentasaccharide that is stachiose which has an additional unit of alpha-D-galactopyranose attached by a 1->6 glycosidic linkage to the terminal galactosyl residue. It is a pentasaccharide and a raffinose family oligosaccharide. It derives from a stachyose. 
it is a 17-membered macrocyclic lactam that incorporates a phenol and a substituted indole moiety. It includes a R-hydroxy group at position 11 and a (3-methyl-2-oxopentanoyl)amino group at position at position 18 with a S-methyl group. It acts as a proteasome inhibitor and is obtained from Apiospora montagnei Sacc. TC 1093, isolated from a soil sample. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a proteasome inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a bacterial metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a macrocycle, a lactam, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol, a member of indoles and a member of phenols. 
it is an arginine derivative obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-arginine with the amino group of hydroxylamine. It is a hydroxamic acid, a L-arginine derivative and a member of guanidines. 
it is a C5-acylcarnitine having isovaleryl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an isovaleric acid. 
Benz[a]anthracene 5,6-oxide is an arene epoxide that is tetraphene which has undergone 1,2 addition of an oxygen atom to the double bond at the 5-6 position. It has a role as a mutagen. It is an arene epoxide and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of a tetraphene. 
A psychedelic phenyl isopropylamine derivative, commonly called DOM, whose mood-altering effects and mechanism of action may be similar to those of LSD. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isobutyl N-methylanthranilate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a fruity and grapefruit taste. 
it is a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the substituted benzamide metoclopramide, a para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) derivative that is structurally related to procainamide, with gastroprokinetic and antiemetic activities. Metoclopramide binds to dopamine 2 (D2) receptors in the peripheral nervous system (PNS), antagonizing dopamine-mediated relaxation of gastrointestinal smooth muscle and promoting gastroprokinesis; the pyloric sphincter and the duodenal bulb are relaxed, peristalsis of the duodenum and jejunum increase, and gastric emptying and intestinal transit accelerate. This agent may also increase the resting tone of the lower esophagus sphincter (LES), preventing acid reflux. In the central nervous system (CNS), metoclopramide antagonizes D2 dopamine receptors in the chemoreceptive trigger zone (CTZ) of the medulla, thereby preventing nausea and vomiting. 
N-methyl-6-chloro-1-(3-methylphenyl)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepine-7,8-diol is a benzazepine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepine bearing a 3-methylphenyl substituent at position 1, a methyl substituent at position 3, a chloro substituent at position 6 and two hydroxy substituents at positions 7 and 8. Dopamine D1-like receptor partial agonist (Ki values are 1.18, 7.56, 920 and 399 nM for rat D1, D5, D2 and D3 receptors respectively). May act as an antagonist in vivo, producing anti-Parkinsonian effects and antagonising the behavioral effects of cocaine. It has a role as a dopamine agonist. It is a benzazepine, a member of catechols, a tertiary amino compound and an organochlorine compound. It is a conjugate base of a N-methyl-6-chloro-1-(3-methylphenyl)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepinium-7,8-diol(1+). 
it is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, an acetylenic compound and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an abortifacient, a contraceptive drug, a synthetic oral contraceptive and a hormone antagonist. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. it is a derivative of the synthetic progestin norethindrone with antiprogesterone activity. it competitively binds to the progesterone receptor, resulting in inhibition of the effects of endogenous or exogenous progesterone. This agent also exhibits antiglucocorticoid and weak antiandrogenic activities. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefotaxime, a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linking of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, it is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. 
it is a penicillin. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a semi-synthetic penicillin compound with bactericidal properties. it is a prodrug that is converted to ampicillin via esterases. Ampicillin binds to inactivated penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs, including transpeptidases, carboxypeptidases, and endopeptidases, participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually causes cell lysis. (NCI05) 
it is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride of 4-[(4-aminophenyl)(4-iminocyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene)methyl]-2-methylaniline. One of the minor constituents of Basic fuchsin, together with pararosanilin, rosanilin and new fuchsin. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It contains a magenta II(1+). 
it is an undecenoate that is the conjugate base of 10-undecenoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 10-undecenoic acid. Zinc Undecylenate is a natural or synthetic fungistatic fatty acid, antifungal Zinc Undecylenate is used topically in creams against fungal infections, eczemas, ringworm, and other cutaneous conditions. The zinc provides an astringent action, reducing rawness and irritation. (NCI04) 
it is an intravenously administered platinum coordination complex and alkylating agent which is used as a chemotherapeutic agent for the treatment of various cancers, mainly ovarian, head and neck and lung cancers. it therapy is associated with a low rate of transient serum aminotransferase elevations and with rare instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a second-generation platinum compound with a broad spectrum of antineoplastic properties. it contains a platinum atom complexed with two ammonia groups and a cyclobutane-dicarboxyl residue. This agent is activated intracellularly to form reactive platinum complexes that bind to nucleophilic groups such as GC-rich sites in DNA, thereby inducing intrastrand and interstrand DNA cross-links, as well as DNA-protein cross-links. These carboplatin-induced DNA and protein effects result in apoptosis and cell growth inhibition. This agent possesses tumoricidal activity similar to that of its parent compound, cisplatin, but is more stable and less toxic. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of 1,2,4-triazines in which the triazene skeleton is substituted by amino groups at positions 3 and 5, and by a 2,3-dichlorophenyl group at position 6. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an antimanic drug, an antidepressant, a non-narcotic analgesic, a calcium channel blocker, an excitatory amino acid antagonist, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of 1,2,4-triazines, a primary arylamine and a dichlorobenzene. it is a synthetic phenyltriazine with antiepileptic and analgesic properties. it enhances the action of gamma-aminobutyric acid, an inhibitory neurotransmitter, which may result in a reduction of pain-related transmission of signals along nerve fibers. This agent may also inhibit voltage-gated sodium channels, suppress glutamate release, and inhibit serotonin reuptake. (NCI04) 
it is a phenethylamine alkaloid that is phenethylamine substituted at positions 3, 4 and 5 by methoxy groups. It has a role as a hallucinogen. It is a phenethylamine alkaloid, a member of methoxybenzenes and a primary amino compound. 
it is a hydroxybenzo[c]phenanthrene that is benzo[c]phenanthrene in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
2-[(Isopropylthio)methyl]furan, also known as 2-furylmethyl isopropyl sulfide or fema 3161, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2-[(Isopropylthio)methyl]furan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-[(isopropylthio)methyl]furan is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-[(Isopropylthio)methyl]furan has a coffee, floral, and meaty taste. 
it is the mesylate salt form of ziprasidone, a benzothiazolylpiperazine derivative and an atypical antipsychotic agent with an antischizophrenic property. it functions as an antagonist at the dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2A and 5-HT1D receptors, and as an agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor. it also inhibits the synaptic reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. The mechanism of action by which ziprasidone mesylate exerts its antischizophrenic effect is unknown but is potentially mediated through a combination of dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 antagonism. This agent also has antagonistic activity against histamine H1 and alpha-1-adrenergic receptors. 
it is a 2alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 23-hydroxy steroid and a brassinosteroid. It has a role as a plant growth stimulator and a plant hormone. 
it is a guanidinium ion that is the conjugate acid of methylguanidine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a methylguanidine. 
it is a hydrate of cobalt chloride containing cobalt (in +2 oxidation state), chloride and water moieties in the ratio 1:2:6. It has a role as an allergen. It contains a cobalt dichloride. 
it, also known as beta-caryophyllene oxide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, caryophyllene alpha-oxide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of 2,5-diketopiperazines that is piperazine substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 5, and by a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. 
it is an organochlorine compound formed formally by chlorination of biphenyl-3-ol at C-2', -3', -4' and -5'. It is a tetrachlorobenzene and a member of hydroxybiphenyls. It derives from a biphenyl-3-ol. 
it is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of 3-hydroxypropanoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). A major component of the dauer pheromone of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, it synergises with ascr#2 and ascr#3 as a population-density signal to promote entry into an alternate larval stage, the nonfeeding and highly persistent dauer diapause. It has a role as a pheromone and a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an omega-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a 3-hydroxypropionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
Clusters of yellow needles. Used as a rodenticide, medicine and rodenticide. Not registered as a rodenticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is the 5-phosphono derivative of 2-aminopentanoic acid; acts as an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist. It has a role as a NMDA receptor antagonist. It derives from a phosphonic acid and a 2-aminopentanoic acid. 
it is an analog of calcitriol and a vitamin D3 receptor (VDR) agonist, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it targets and binds to VDR. This activates VDR and VDR-mediated signal transduction pathways. This modulates the VDR-mediated expression of certain genes, including the expression of anti-cancer genes, enhances cellular differentiation, induces tumor cell apoptosis and inhibits tumor cell growth. VDR plays a central role in calcium homeostasis and in the growth of certain cancer cells. 
it is a diterpenoid that is aconitane bearing an N-ethyl as well as several hydroxy and methoxy substituents. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
it is a bifunctional alkylating agent and phenylalanine derivative of nitrogen mustard. it is converted into highly reactive ethylenimmonium intermediates that induce covalent guanine N7-N7 intra- and inter-crosslinks and alkylation of adenine N3 of DNA. This agent also alkylates RNA and protein structures. As a result RNA transcription and protein synthesis are inhibited, ultimately leading to cell growth arrest and/or death. 
it is a member of the class of coumestans that is coumestan with hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 9. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is a member of coumestans, a delta-lactone and a polyphenol. It derives from a coumestan. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 6-aminonicotinic acid with ammonia. An inhibitor of the NADP(+)-dependent enzyme, 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase, it interferes with glycolysis, resulting in ATP depletion and synergizes with DNA-crosslinking chemotherapy drugs, such as cisplatin, in killing cancer cells. It has a role as a teratogenic agent, an antimetabolite and an EC 1.1.1.44 (NADP(+)-dependent decarboxylating phosphogluconate dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It is an aminopyridine, a primary amino compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a 6-aminonicotinic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as physalins and derivatives. These are steroidal constituents of Physalis plants which possess an unusual 13, 14-seco-16, 24-cyclo-steroidal ring skeleton (where the bond that is normally present between the 13 and 14 positions in other steroids is broken while a new bond between positions 16 and 24 is formed). it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, physalin D is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, physalin D can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes physalin D a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 4-phosphate in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are both specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a didemnin that is didemin B in which the hydroxy group of the 1-(2-hydroxypropanoyl)-L-prolinamide moiety has been oxidised to the corresponding ketone. It was originally isolated from the Mediterranean tunicate Aplidium albicans. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. it is a cyclic depsipeptide isolated from the marine tunicate Aplidium albicans. it displays a broad spectrum of antitumor activities, inducing apoptosis by triggering mitochondrial cytochrome c release, initiating the Fas/DC95, JNK pathway and activating caspase 3 activation. This agent also inhibits elongation factor 1-a, thereby interfering with protein synthesis, and induces G1 arrest and G2 blockade, thereby inhibiting tumor cell growth. 
it is an alkanesulfonic acid that is propanesulfonic acid substituted at position 3 by a trimethylsilyl group. It is an organosilicon compound and an alkanesulfonic acid. 
it is a long-chain fatty alcohol that is dodecan-1-ol bearing a methyl substituent at position 11. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a fatty alcohol 13:0. 
Schaftoside is a C-glycosyl compound that is apigenin substituted by beta-D-glucopyranosyl and an alpha-L-arabinopyranosyl moieties at positions 6 and 8 via C-glycosidic linkages. It has a role as an antinematodal drug and an antioxidant. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)propanimidic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechols. Catechols are compounds containing a 1, 2-benzenediol moiety. N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)propanimidic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as fema 3328 or thiazole, 2-acetyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a chocolate, hazelnut, and nut tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as brassicas, potato, green vegetables, and kohlrabi. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a memger of the class of benzimidazoles that is benzimidazole that is substituted by methyl groups at positions 1 and 4, by a 2,4-difluoroanilino group at position 2, and by a (2-acetamidopyridin-4-yl)oxy group at position 5. It is a type II JAK2 inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of acetamides, a member of pyridines, a difluorobenzene, an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic amine. 
it is a carbohydrate acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-dehydro-D-gluconic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a carbohydrate acid anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 5-dehydro-D-gluconic acid. 
it, a novel and orally active ghrelin mimetic that stimulates GH secretion, is used in the diagnosis of adult GH deficiency (AGHD). More specifically, it is a peptidomimetic growth hormone secretagogue (GHS) that acts as an agonist of GH secretagogue receptor, or ghrelin receptor (GHS-R1a) to dose-dependently increase GH levels. Growth hormone secretagogues (GHS) represent a new class of pharmacological agents which have the potential to be used in numerous clinical applications. They include treatment for growth retardation in children and cachexia associated with chronic disease such as AIDS and cancer.   Growth hormone (GH) is classically linked with linear growth during childhood. In deficiency of this hormone, AGHD is commonly associated with increased fat mass (particularly in the abdominal region), decreased lean body mass, osteopenia, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and/or glucose intolerance overtime. In addition, individuals with may be susceptible to cardiovascular complications from altered structures and function. Risk factors of AGHD include a history of childhood-onset GH deficiency or with hypothalamic/pituitary disease, surgery, or irradiation to these areas, head trauma, or evidence of other pituitary hormone deficiencies. While there are various therapies available such as GH replacement therapy, the absence of panhypopituitarism and low serum IGF-I levels with nonspecific clinical symptoms pose challenges to the detection and diagnosis of AGHD. The diagnosis of AGHD requires biochemical confirmation with at least 1 GH stimulation test. it is clinically useful since it displays good stability and oral bioavailability with comparable affinity to ghrelin receptor as its endogenous ligand. In clinical studies involving healthy subjects, it stimulated GH release in a dose-dependent manner with good tolerability.  it, developed by Aeterna Zentaris, was approved by the FDA in December 2017 under the market name Macrilen for oral solution. it is an orally available synthetic mimetic of the growth hormone (GH) secretagogue ghrelin with potential anti-cachexia activity. Upon oral administration, it mimics endogenous ghrelin by stimulating appetite and binds to the growth hormone secretagogue receptor GHSR in the central nervous system, thereby mimicking the GH-releasing effects of ghrelin from the pituitary gland. Stimulation of GH secretion increases insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) levels which may further stimulate protein synthesis. In addition, ghrelin reduces the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, which may play a direct role in cancer-related loss of appetite. 
it is a palmitate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic acid with the hydroxy group of tetradecan-1-ol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a wax ester. It derives from a tetradecan-1-ol. 
3, 5, 7-Trihydroxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the flavonoid backbone. 3, 5, 7-Trihydroxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Outside of the human body, 3, 5, 7-trihydroxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one can be found in almond, european plum, and sour cherry. This makes 3, 5, 7-trihydroxy-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dipeptide that is L-tryptophyl-L-leucinamide in which the N-terminal amino group has been converted to the corresponding (morpholin-4-yl)acetamide and in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen of the C-terminal amide has been replaced by a (1E)-5-methyl-1-(methylsulfonyl)hex-1-en-3-yl group. It is a selective proteasome inhibitor. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor and an antimalarial. It is a dipeptide, a sulfone, a member of morpholines and a member of indoles. It derives from a Trp-Leu. 
A sterol usually substituted with radioactive iodine. It is an adrenal cortex scanning agent with demonstrated high adrenal concentration and superior adrenal imaging. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as an anti-estrogen and an estrogen antagonist. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic androgen derived from ethinyl testosterone. it indirectly reduces estrogen production by decreasing pituitary secretion of follicle-stimulating hormone and luteinizing hormone, and binds to sex hormone receptors in target tissues, thereby exhibiting antiestrogenic, anabolic and weakly androgenic effects. (NCI04) 
3-(3, 4, 5-Trimethoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid, also known as O-methylsinapic acid or 3, 4, 5-trimethoxyphenylacrylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. 3-(3, 4, 5-Trimethoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the magnesium salt of valproic acid (2-propylpentanoic acid) with antiepileptic and potential antineoplastic activities. it dissociates in the gastrointestinal tract and is absorbed into the circulation as magnesium ions and valproic acid ions; valproic acid may inhibit histone deacetylases, inducing tumor cell differentiation, apoptosis, and growth arrest. In addition, valproic acid exerts an antiepileptic effect, likely by inhibiting enzymes that catabolize the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) catabolism and so increasing concentrations of GABA in the central nervous system (CNS). The presence of the magnesium in this agent may contribute to its anticonvulsant activity and sedative properties. 
it is a monochlorobenzoic acid carrying a chloro substituent at position 3. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-chlorobenzoate. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is an antiemetic used (as its hydrochloride salt) in combination with netupitant (under the trade name Akynzeo) to treat nausea and vomiting in patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy. It has a role as an antiemetic and a serotonergic antagonist. It is a delta-lactam, an organic heterotricyclic compound and an azabicycloalkane. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a N-methylpiperazine. It has a role as an anticoronaviral agent. it is a thioxanthene derivative and a dopamine antagonist with antipsychotic property. it blocks postsynaptic dopamine receptors in the mesolimbic system and medullary chemoreceptor trigger zone, thereby decreasing dopamine activity leading to decreased stimulation of the vomiting center and psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, this agent blocks the D2 somatodendritic autoreceptor, thereby increasing dopamine turnover. it possesses weak affinity for the histamine H1 and alpha-adrenergic receptors. 
it, also known as T4G, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylalanine and derivatives. Phenylalanine and derivatives are compounds containing phenylalanine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of phenylalanine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a white powder. Insoluble in water and slowly decomposed by water. Noncombustible, but accelerates the burning of combustible material. 
EF5 is a fluorinated derivative of the 2-nitroimidazole etanidazole. EF5 is effective in accessing oxygen levels in tumor tissue through its adduct formation to intracellular macromolecules in the absence of oxygen. Reduction of this agent is carried out by a diverse group of enzymes in the cytoplasm, microsomes and mitochondria. Tissue hypoxia detection via EF5 has been reported in several cancers, including squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix and the head and neck, and in sarcoma. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Flash point of 54Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air. Insoluble in water and slightly denser than water. May be toxic by inhalation. it is a fluorohydrocarbon that is fluoroform in which the hydrogen is substituted by a phenyl group. It has a role as a solvent and an environmental contaminant. It is a fluorohydrocarbon and a member of its. It derives from a fluoroform. 
it is the sulfate form of cefquinome, a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation aminothiazolyl cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefquinome binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a second-generation oxacephem antibiotic in which the oxazine ring is substituted at C-3 with a hydroxyethyl-substituted tetrazolylthiomethyl group and the azetidinone ring carries 7alpha-methoxy and 7beta-{2-[(difluoromethyl)thiomethyl]acetamido} substituents. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a N-acyl-amino acid, an oxacephem and an organonitrogen heterocyclic antibiotic. it is a cephamycin antibiotic with a difluoromethylthio-acetamido group at the 7-beta position of the cephem nucleus, commonly used for postoperative prophylaxis. it has activity against epidermides, streptococci, propionibacteria, and both methicillin-resistant and -susceptible Staphylococcus aureus. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00572182 (it in Treating Young Patients With Recurrent or Refractory CNS Cancer). Notch Signaling Pathway Inhibitor it is a synthetic small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the Notch signaling pathway, which may result in induction of growth arrest and apoptosis in tumor cells in which the Notch signaling pathway is overactivated. The Notch signaling pathway plays an important role in cell-fate determination, cell survival, and cell proliferation. 
it is a 9-aza-anthrapyrazole antineoplastic antibiotic. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair as well as RNA and protein synthesis. Compared to other DNA intercalators, this agent shows minimal cardiotoxicity. 
2-O-Methyl-D-xylose belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentoses. These are monosaccharides in which the carbohydrate moiety contains five carbon atoms. 2-O-Methyl-D-xylose exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 2-O-methyl-D-xylose can be found in fruits. This makes 2-O-methyl-D-xylose a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
The combination of amoxicillin and clavulanate is an oral antibiotic widely used in the treatment of mild-to-moderate bacterial infections including sinusitis, bronchitis, otitis media, cellulitis and community acquired pneumonia. Amoxicillin-clavulanate is currently the most common cause of clinically apparent, drug induced acute liver injury both in the United States and Europe. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 5-fluoro-2-(1H-pyrazol-3-yl)pyrimidine which is substituted by a 2-fluorobenzyl group at position 1, 1,2-oxazol-3-yl group at position 5, and by a [3,3,3-trifluoro-2-hydroxy-2-(trifluoromethyl)propyl]nitrilo group at position 4. It is a soluble guanylate cyclase stimulator under clinical development for the treatment of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. It has a role as a soluble guanylate cyclase activator, an anti-inflammatory agent, a vasodilator agent and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of isoxazoles, a member of pyrazoles, an organofluorine compound, an aminopyrimidine, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary amino compound and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it, also known as it or fema 3176, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, p-menthan-2-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a herbal, minty, and spearmint tasting compound that can be found in cornmint. This makes p-menthan-2-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Theophylline is a natural alkaloid derivative of xanthine isolated from the plants Camellia sinensis and Coffea arabica. Theophylline appears to inhibit phosphodiesterase and prostaglandin production, regulate calcium flux and intracellular calcium distribution, and antagonize adenosine. Physiologically, this agent relaxes bronchial smooth muscle, produces vasodilation (except in cerebral vessels), stimulates the CNS, stimulates cardiac muscle, induces diuresis, and increases gastric acid secretion; it may also suppress inflammation and improve contractility of the diaphragm. (NCI04) 
it is an organic chloride salt comprising of a tetrabutylammonium cation and chloride anion. It is a tetrabutylammonium salt and an organic chloride salt. 
4-hydroxy-6-methylaniline is a substituted aniline in which the aniline ring carries 4-hydroxy and 6-methyl substituents; a urinary metabolite of lidocaine. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a substituted aniline. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of GBM, Glioma, Glioblastoma, Brain Cancer, and Glioblastoma Multiforme. it is a bifunctional hexitol derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and cross-links DNA via an epoxide group during all phases of the cell cycle, resulting in disruption of DNA function and cell cycle arrest. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylquinolines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a quinoline moiety substituted with a phenyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Quinine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of the quinidine alkaloid isolate quinine. Quinine has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) Quinidine is an alkaloid extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree with class 1A antiarrhythmic and antimalarial effects. Quinidine stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses resulting in an increase of the threshold for excitation and decreased depolarization during phase 0 of the action potential. In addition, the effective refractory period (ERP), action potential duration (APD), and ERP/APD ratios are increased, resulting in decreased conduction velocity of nerve impulses. Quinidine exerts its antimalarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the heme polymer (hemazoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. 
it appears as odorless colorless or white crystals or white crystalline powder. Taste is slightly sweet at first and then bitter. pH (1% aqueous solution) 5.5-6.5. pH (5% aqueous solution) 6-8. (NTP, 1992) ite is a carbohydrazide obtained by formal condensation between pyridine-4-carboxylic acid and hydrazine. It has a role as an antitubercular agent and a drug allergen. It derives from an isonicotinic acid. it is a synthetic derivative of nicotinic acid with anti-mycobacterial properties. Although its mechanism of action is still unclear, it appears to block the synthesis of mycolic acids, major components of the mycobacterial cell wall. This agent is only active against actively growing mycobacteria because, as a pro-drug, it requires activation in susceptible mycobacterial species. it also interferes with mycobacterial metabolism of vitamin B6. Resistance occurs due to decreased bacterial wall penetration. (NCI04) 
Aminoglycoside antibiotic complex produced by Streptomyces fradiae. It is composed of neomycins A, B, and C, and acts by inhibiting translation during protein synthesis. 
it is a proline derivative that is 4-(phenylsulfanyl)-L-proline in which the amine proton is replaced by a (2S)-2-methyl-3-sulfanylpropanoyl group. The active metabolite of zofenopril. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an apoptosis inhibitor, a cardioprotective agent, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, a drug metabolite and a vasodilator agent. It is a N-acyl-L-amino acid, an aryl sulfide, a thiol and a L-proline derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a steroid sulfate that is testosterone substituted by a sulfoxy group at position 17. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is an androstanoid, a steroid sulfate and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. 
it is a natural product found in Leucosceptrum canum. It has a role as a metabolite, an angiogenesis inhibitor and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a sesterterpenoid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a terpene ketone, a terpene lactone, a butenolide, a tertiary alcohol and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)alaninate that is the less active S-enantiomer of metalaxyl. It is a methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)alaninate and a L-alanine derivative. It is an enantiomer of a metalaxyl-M. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is cathasterone which is lacking the oxo substituent at position 6. It is a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a brassinosteroid. It derives from a cathasterone. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-campestane. 
it is an it with double bonds at positions 11 and 14 (both Z). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an (11Z,14Z)-icosadienoate. It derives from a hydride of an icosanoic acid. 
it is the parent compound of the beta-carbolines, a tricyclic structure comprising an indole ring system ortho- fused to C-3 and C-4 of a pyridine ring. It has a role as a marine metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a member of beta-carbolines and a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent. 
All-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid is a it having six cis-double bonds at positions 4, 7, 10, 13, 16 and 19. It has a role as a nutraceutical, an antineoplastic agent, a human metabolite, a Daphnia tenebrosa metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a it and an omega-3 fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoate. it is a polyunsaturated very long-chain fatty acid with a 22-carbon backbone and 6 double bonds, originating from the 3rd, 6th, 9th, 12th, 15th and 18th positions from the methyl end. 
it is a tetramethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7 and 8 and an acetoxy group at position 4'. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and an acetate ester. It derives from a flavone. 
it, also known as cyprosterone acetate or androcur, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (R)-carvotanacetone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (R)-carvotanacetone can be found in dill and lovage. This makes (R)-carvotanacetone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is cyclohexane-1,3-dione substituted by a 2-chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)benzoyl group at position 2. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is an aromatic ketone, a sulfone, a member of cyclohexanones and a beta-triketone. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an agreeable odor. Flash point -27Â°F. Less dense than water Vapors heavier than air. it is a formate ester resulting from the formal condensation of formic acid with methanol. A low-boiling (31.5 â„ƒ) colourless, flammable liquid, it has been used as a fumigant and larvicide for tobacco and food crops. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, a fumigant, an insecticide and a refrigerant. It is a formate ester, a methyl ester and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a methanol. 
Erythromycin A 2'-propanoate is an erythromycin derivative. It derives from an erythromycin A. Erythromycin Estolate is the lauryl sulfate ester of propionyl erythromycin, a broad-spectrum, topical macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Erythromycin estolate diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. Erythromycin estolate may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
it is an acyl-CoA thioester that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of 2-naphthoic acid.. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 2-naphthoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyloins. These are organic compounds containing an alpha hydroxy ketone. Acyloins are formally derived from reductive coupling of carboxylic acyl groups. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is tectorigenin substituted by a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone, a methoxyisoflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a 7-hydroxyisoflavones 7-O-beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a tectorigenin. 
An organoselenium drug previously studied by Oxis International in Phase-II clinical trials for ulcerative colitis patients. Some indications of efficacy were demonstrated. it has enthusiastic endorsement for treatment in cardiovascular indications, primarily because of its ability to mimic the function of glutathione peroxidase. 
it is an oxoalkyl phosphate, an aliphatic sulfide and an alpha-diketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is a tautomer of a 2-hydroxy-5-(methylsulfanyl)-3-oxopent-1-enyl phosphate. 
Pitavastatin calcium is the calcium salt of pitavastatin. Used for treatment of hypercholesterolemia (elevated levels of cholesterol in the blood) on patients unable to sufficiently lower their cholesterol levels by diet and exercise. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a calcium salt and a statin (synthetic). It contains a pitavastatin(1-). Pitavastatin Calcium is a calcium salt formulation of pitavastatin, a novel statin that induces plaque regression and elevates HDL-cholesterol levels. 
it is an anthracycline antibiotic that is produced by Streptomyces galilaeus and also has potent antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an anthracycline, an aminoglycoside, a trisaccharide derivative, a polyketide, a member of phenols, a methyl ester and a member of tetracenequinones. It derives from an aklavinone. It is a conjugate base of an aclacinomycin A(1+). It is a tautomer of an aclacinomycin A zwitterion. it is an oligosaccharide anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces galilaeus. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerases I and II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. it is antagonistic to other agents that inhibit topoisomerase II, such as etoposide, teniposide and amsacrine. This agent is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin and daunorubicin. 
it is an optically active form of it having D-configuration. It is a it and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a D-methioninium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-methioninate. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. Methionine is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (provided by food), Methionine is required for growth and tissue repair. A sulphur-containing amino acid, it improves the tone and pliability of skin, hair, and strengthens nails. Involved in many detoxifying processes, sulphur provided by it protects cells from pollutants, slows cell aging, and is essential for absorption and bio-availability of selenium and zinc. Methionine chelates heavy metals, such as lead and mercury, aiding their excretion. It also acts as a lipotropic agent and prevents excess fat buildup in the liver. (NCI04) 
it, also known as hydroxynalidixate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthyridine carboxylic acids and derivatives. Naphthyridine carboxylic acids and derivatives are compounds containing a naphthyridine moiety, where one of the ring atoms bears a carboxylic acid group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, hydroxynalidixic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
The triptans are a group of serotonin receptor agonists that are useful in the therapy of vascular headaches and migraine. The triptans are generally used in low doses for a limited period of time and have not been associated with serum enzyme elevations, but some have been implicated in rare instances of clinically apparent, acute cholestatic hepatitis. 
it is an oxoicosatetraenoic acid having a 5-oxo group; and (6E)-, (8Z), (11Z)- and (14Z)-double bonds. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an immunomodulator. It derives from an icosa-6,8,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a C-nitro compound that is nitrobenzene bearing an iodine substituent at C-3. It is a C-nitro compound and an organoiodine compound. 
it appears as clear yellow or straw-yellow viscous liquid. Boiling point 172Â°C; density 1.21 g / cm3. Possible carcinogen. 
An iron chelating agent with properties like EDETIC ACID. DTPA has also been used as a chelator for other metals, such as plutonium. 
Ethylhexoic acid is a colorless to light yellow liquid with a mild odor. It will burn though it may take some effort to ignite. It is slightly soluble in water. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It is used to make paint dryers and plasticizers. 
D,l-it is a white crystalline solid with a peppermint odor and taste. (NTP, 1992) P-menthan-3-ol is any secondary alcohol that is one of the eight possible diastereoisomers of 5-methyl-2-(propan-2-yl)cyclohexan-1-ol. It has a role as a volatile oil component. It is a p-menthane monoterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. it is an organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or mint oils with flavoring and local anesthetic properties. When added to pharmaceuticals and foods, it functions as a fortifier for peppermint flavors. It also has a counterirritant effect on skin and mucous membranes, thereby producing a local analgesic or anesthetic effect. 
it is an acetate ester obtained from the formal condensation of acetic acid with the hydroxy group at position 1 of 6-pentadecylbenzene-1,2,4-triol. Isolated from the dried fruits of Ardisia colorata, it exhibits scavenging activity towards DPPH radicals and cytotoxicity against murine breast cancer cell line, FM3A. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a radical scavenger. It is a member of resorcinols and an acetate ester. It derives from a 6-pentadecylbenzene-1,2,4-triol. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Prostatic Neoplasms, Advanced Solid Tumors, Glioblastoma Multiforme, and Hepatocellular Carcinoma, among others. it is a soluble, thapsigargin prodrug containing the cytotoxic analog of thapsigargin, 8-O-(12Aminododecanoyl)-8-O debutanoylthapsigargin (12-ADT) linked, via a carboxyl group, to the targeting peptide containing aspartic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon intravenous administration, it targets prostate specific membrane antigen (PSMA), a type II membrane carboxypeptidase, which is overexpressed in prostate cancer cells and in the neovasculature of most solid tumors but not in normal blood vessels. it is subsequently converted, through hydrolysis, into the active cytotoxic analog of thapsigargin 12-ADT-Asp. 12-ADT binds to and blocks the Sarcoplasmic/Endoplasmic Reticulum Calcium ATPase (SERCA) pump, thereby increasing the concentration of cytosolic calcium which leads to an induction of apoptosis. By preventing nutrient supply to tumor cells, it may be able to inhibit tumor growth. Compared to thapsigargin alone, thapsigargin prodrug it is able to achieve higher concentrations of the active agents at the tumor site while avoiding systemic toxicity. 
it, also known as diphosphate N-acetylglucosamine, uridine or N-acetylgalactosamine, uridine diphosphate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine nucleotide sugars. These are pyrimidine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human muscle and adipose tissue tissues. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the lysosome, endoplasmic reticulum and golgi. 
1-phenyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-3-benzazepine-7,8-diol is a benzazepine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepine bearing a phenyl substituent at position 1 and two hydroxy substituents at positions 7 and 8. It is a benzazepine, a member of catechols and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a berberine alkaloid obtained by formal addition of two molecules of hydrogen to the pyridine ring of palmatine. It has a role as an adrenergic agent, a non-narcotic analgesic and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a berberine alkaloid and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It derives from a palmatine. 
A topical local anesthetic preparation that is composed of a mixture of lidocaine and prilocaine. It is used to provide anesthesia during minor surgery and for the treatment of PREMATURE EJACULATION. 
it is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid that is 4-phenylpiperidine-4-carboxylic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen atom is substituted by a 3-cyano-3,3-diphenylpropyl group. It has a role as an antidiarrhoeal drug. It is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid, a tertiary amine and a nitrile. it is a phenylpiperidine with antidiarrheal activity and an active metabolite of diphenoxylate. it is chemically related to the narcotic opioid meperidine. it acts primarily on the gastrointestinal wall by binding to opioid receptors on acetylcholine-containing nerves and inhibiting the release of acetylcholine from presynaptic nerve terminals. This leads to a reduction in intestinal motility. it hydrochloride also mimics the action of endogenous opioid peptides at the CNS opioid receptors, (primarily mu-receptors), thereby inducing CNS effects. 
it is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride of 5-aminolevulinic acid. It is metabolised to protoporphyrin IX, a photoactive compound which accumulates in the skin. Used in combination with blue light illumination for the treatment of minimally to moderately thick actinic keratosis of the face or scalp. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a photosensitizing agent, a dermatologic drug and a prodrug. It contains a 5-ammoniolevulinic acid. it is the hydrochloride salt form of aminolevulinic acid, an aminoketone, used for local photosensitizing therapy. Aminolevulinic acid (ALA) is a metabolic pro-drug that is converted into the photosensitizer protoporphyrin IX (PpIX), which accumulates intracellularly. Upon exposure to light of appropriate wavelength (red, or blue), PpIX catalyzes oxygen to singlet oxygen, an intracellular toxin, which can further react to form superoxide and hydroxyl radicals. This leads to cellular cytotoxic effects. 
it is a member of the class of barbiturates that is 2-thioxodihydropyrimidine-4,6(1H,5H)-dione substituted by a pentan-2-yl and prop-2-en-1-yl group at position 5. It has a role as a sedative. It is a member of barbiturates and an organosulfur compound. 
it is a diastereoisomeric mixture of the two fluoroethyl diastereoisomers of N-(2,6-dimethylindan-1-yl)-6-(1-fluoroethyl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine in which the indane moiety has 1R,2S configuration. A cellulose biosynthesis inhibitor, it is used as a pre-emergence herbicide for the control of annual grasses and broad-leaved weeds in citrus, grapes, fruit trees, Christmas tree farms, lawns and sports fields. The two diastereoisomers have very similar biological activity; commercial material is a 95:5 mixture of the (1R,2S,fluoroethyl-R) and (1R,2S,fluoroethyl-S) diastereoisomers. It has a role as a herbicide and a cellulose synthesis inhibitor. It contains a N-[(1R,2S)-2,6-dimethyindan-1-yl]-6-[(1R)-1-fluoroethyl]-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine and a N-[(1R,2S)-2,6-dimethyindan-1-yl]-6-[(1S)-1-fluoroethyl]-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine. 
Amprolium is an organic chloride salt having 1-[(4-amino-2-propylpyrimidin-5-yl)methyl]-2-methylpyridin-1-ium as the counterion. Used for prevention of coccidiosis in poultry and cattle. It has a role as a coccidiostat. It is a pyridinium salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains an amprolium(1+). 
it is a chlorobenzoate that is the conjugate base of 3-chlorobenzoic acid. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-chlorobenzoic acid. 
(Â±)-2, 2, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety (Â±)-2, 2, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-2, 2, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (Â±)-2, 2, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone can be found in beverages, fruits, and tea. This makes (Â±)-2, 2, 6-trimethylcyclohexanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Irinotecan and topotecan are semisynthetic derivatives of the plant alkaloid camptothecin and are used as antineoplastic agents in the therapy of colorectal, ovarian and non-small cell lung cancer. Both irinotecan and topotecan are associated with an appreciable rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and irinotecan has been implicated in causing steatohepatitis when given as cyclic anticancer therapy. it is the hydrochloride salt of a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin with antineoplastic activity. During the S phase of the cell cycle, topotecan selectively stabilizes topoisomerase I-DNA covalent complexes, inhibiting religation of topoisomerase I-mediated single-strand DNA breaks and producing potentially lethal double-strand DNA breaks when complexes are encountered by the DNA replication machinery. Camptothecin is a cytotoxic quinoline-based alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree Camptotheca acuminata. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidine-2-ones. These are pyrrolidines which bear a C=O group at position 2 of the pyrrolidine ring. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, pterolactam is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, pterolactam can be found in green vegetables and root vegetables. This makes pterolactam a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of monohydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones that is 1,4-benzoquinone which is substituted by a methoxy, hydroxy and methyl group at positions 2,3 and 5, respectively. It is a mycotoxin isolated from Aspergillus fumigatus. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a mycotoxin. It derives from a 2,3-dihydroxy-5-methyl-1,4-benzoquinone. 
Pentaerythrite tetranitrate appears as white crystals. Density 1.75 g / cm3. Melting point 138-140Â°C. Detonates at 210Â°C. An extremely dangerous explosive, particularly when dry. Especially sensitive to shock and heat. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. it is a pentaerythritol nitrate in which all four hydroxy groups of pentaerythritol have been converted to the corresponding nitrate ester. It is a vasodilator with properties similar to those of glyceryl trinitrate, but with a more prolonged duration of action, and is used for treatment of angina pectoris. It is also one of the most powerful high explosives known and is a component of the plastic explosive known as Semtex. It has a role as an explosive and a vasodilator agent. it is the lipid soluble polyol ester of nitric acid belonging to the family of nitrovasodilators that exhibit vasodilatory property. it releases free nitric oxide (NO) after denitration reaction, which triggers NO-dependent signaling transduction involving soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC). NO binds reversibly to the ferrous-heme center of sGC, thereby causes conformational change and activates the enzyme. Activation results in increasing cellular levels of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) within vascular smooth muscle, which results in vasodilation mediated by cGMP-dependent protein kinases. Furthermore, this agent causes arterial and venous bed dilation in a dose-dependent manner. 
Aliskiren is a unique antihypertensive agent that acts by direct inhibition of renin and has only recently been introduced into clinical practice. Aliskiren has been linked to rare instances of serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and rare cases of idiosyncratic, clinically apparent liver injury. 
it appears as odorless pale red slightly efflorescent crystals or light pink powder. pH (5% solution) 3.7. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of manganese(II) sulfate. It has a role as a nutraceutical. It is a hydrate, a manganese molecular entity and a metal sulfate. It contains a manganese(II) sulfate. 
it is a potent and specific epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) it was approved in China by the SFDA in June, 2011 and in January 2014, Beta Pharma, Inc. was given a â€œMay Proceedâ€ from the US FDA to conduct a Phase I study for the evaluation of it as a treatment of EGFR+ Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC). it is an orally available quinazoline-based inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits the wild-type and several mutated forms of EGFR tyrosine kinase. This may lead to an inhibition of EGFR-mediated signal transduction and may inhibit cancer cell proliferation. EGFR, a receptor tyrosine kinase, has been upregulated in a variety of cancer cell types. 
A potent mycotoxin produced in feedstuffs by several species of the genus FUSARIUM. It elicits a severe inflammatory reaction in animals and has teratogenic effects. 
A piperazinyl androstane derivative which is a non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent (NEUROMUSCULAR NONDEPOLARIZING AGENTS). It is used as a muscle relaxant during ANESTHESIA and surgical procedures. 
it dust is a black odorless powder. mp: 2996Â° C, bp: approx. 5250Â°C. Density: 16.65 g/cm3. Insoluble in water. it oxide dust is a white, microcrystalline powder mp: 1800Â°C. Density: 7.6 g/cm3. Insoluble in water. The mixture is listed as a toxic inhalation hazard by OSHA. 
2-amino-3-(4-Hydroxy-3, 5-diiodophenyl)propanoic acid, also known as it or Diiodotyrosine, is classified as a tyrosine or a derivative. A tyrosine or a derivative are compounds containing tyrosine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of tyrosine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. 2-amino-3-(4-Hydroxy-3, 5-diiodophenyl)propanoic acid is considered a practically insoluble (in water), acidic compound. A product from the iodination of MONOIODOTYROSINE. In the biosynthesis of thyroid hormones, diiodotyrosine residues are coupled with other monoiodotyrosine or diiodotyrosine residues to form T4 or T3 thyroid hormones (THYROXINE and TRIIODOTHYRONINE). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a strong odor. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Very irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 165Â°F. Density 8.4 lb /gal. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it, also known as a-methylbenzyl formate or fema 2688, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a floral, gardenia, and green taste. 
it is a substituted benzimidazole prodrug with selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor activity. A weak base, it accumulates in the acidic environment of the secretory canaliculus of the gastric parietal cell where it is converted to an active sulfenamide form that binds to cysteine sulfhydryl groups on the luminal aspect of the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting the pump's activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. 
it, also known as DL-7-hydroxy stearate or 18:0(7-OH), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils, herbs and spices, and nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a fatty acid ester that is the ethyl ester of 3-hydroxyhexanoic acid. It derives from a 3-hydroxyhexanoic acid. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of octanoic (caprylic) acid with the anomeric hydroxy group of beta-D-glucuronic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, an octanoate ester and an O-acyl carbohydrate. It derives from a beta-D-glucuronic acid. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is 1,2-dihydroxyanthraquinone compound carrying an additional sulfo substituent at the 3-position. The monosodium salt is the biological stain 'alizarin red S'. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a dihydroxyanthraquinone and an organosulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dihydroxy-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthracene-2-sulfonate. 
it, also known as 3, 5, 7, 8, 3', 4'-hexamethoxyflavone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in citrus and sweet orange. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Mechlorethamine Oxide Hydrochloride is a nitrogen mustard alkylating agent that causes DNA cross linkages. It is a known carcinogen especially in mice. (NCI) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is cyclopropanecarboxylic acid substituted by two methyl groups at position 2 and a 2-methylprop-1-en-1-yl group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of cyclopropanes and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
it is a dioxolane that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted by a 1-phenylethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dioxolane, a cyclic acetal and a member of benzenes. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
Synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers to study biological membranes. It is also a major constituent of PULMONARY SURFACTANTS. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is picrotoxinin in which the olefinic double bond has undergone addition of water to give the corresponding tertiary alcohol. It is the less toxic component of picrotoxin, lacking GABA activity. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an epoxide, a tertiary alcohol, a gamma-lactone, a diol and a picrotoxane sesquiterpenoid. It derives from a picrotoxinin. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 have been replaced by pentan-2-ylamino and 2,2-bis(hydroxymethyl)-5-oxopyrrolidin-1-yl groups, respectively. It is a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones, a secondary amino compound, a member of benzoic acids and a primary alcohol. It derives from a benzoic acid. 
it is a radiopharmaceutical used in gamma-scintigraphy of adrenergically inervated tissues. Iobenguane Sulfate I-123 is the neurotransmitter analogue 3-nitrobenzylguanidine conjugated to iodine I 123 and used as a gamma-emitting imaging agent. The adrenergic tissue uptake and storage of I-123 metaiodobenzylguanidine (I-123 MIBG) mimics that of norepinephrine (NE). The distribution of this agent enables the scintigraphic imaging of neural crest tumors, such as neuroblastoma and pheochromocytoma. 
it is (7S,8S)-7-Amino-8-methyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthalen-2-ol in which the hydrogen at position 8 and one of the hydrogens at position 6 are substituted by each end of a tetramethylene bridge. A synthetic opioid analgesic, it has mixed opiod agonist and antagonist properties. Although it is used for pain management, it can produce opioid withdrawal syndrome in patients already dependent on other opioids, and its clinical application is limited by side effects such as dizziness. It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It is a member of phenols and a primary amino compound. 
it is a five-membered form of it having D-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a it and a butan-4-olide. It derives from a D-ribonic acid. 
N-allyl-6-chloro-1-(3-methylphenyl)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepinium-7,8-diol is a benzazepine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepine bearing a 3-methylphenyl substituent at position 1, an allyl substituent at position 3, a chloro substituent at position 6 and two hydroxy substituents at positions 7 and 8. High affinity, selective dopamine D1-like receptor agonist. Ki values are 3.2, 3.1, 186, 66, 335, 1167, 1251 and 1385 nM at recombinant D1, D5, D2, D3, D4, 5-HT2A, alpha1A and alpha1B receptors respectively. Stimulates adenylyl cyclase (EC50 = 65 nM) but not phosphoinositide hydrolysis. Induces extreme arousal and hyperlocomotion following subcutaneous administration in monkeys. It has a role as a dopamine agonist. It is a benzazepine, a member of catechols, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of a N-allyl-6-chloro-1-(3-methylphenyl)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepinium-7,8-diol(1+). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ethereal odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids and derivatives. N-acyl-alpha amino acids and derivatives are compounds containing an alpha amino acid (or a derivative thereof) which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fishes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
An alpha-globulin of about 453 amino acids, depending on the species. It is produced by the liver and secreted into blood circulation. it is the inactive precursor of natural angiotensins. Upon successive enzyme cleavages, it yields angiotensin I, II, and III with amino acids numbered at 10, 8, and 7, respectively. 
it is an oxopurine that is guanine substituted by a (2-hydroxyethoxy)methyl substituent at position 9. Used in the treatment of viral infections. It has a role as an antiviral drug and an antimetabolite. It is an oxopurine and a member of 2-aminopurines. It derives from a guanine. it is a synthetic analog of the purine nucleoside, guanosine, with potent antiviral activity against herpes simplex viruses type 1 and 2, varicella-zoster virus and other viruses of the herpesvirus family. After conversion in vivo to the active metabolite it triphosphate by viral thymidine kinase, it competitively inhibits viral DNA polymerase by incorporating into the growing viral DNA chain and terminating further polymerization. 
it is a diterpenoid that is multicaulin in which the methoxy group at position 12 is replaced by a hydroxy group. A norabietane derivative, it is isolated from the roots of Salvia multicaulis and exhibits antitubercular activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is a member of phenols, a diterpenoid and a member of phenanthrenes. 
it appears as a colorless to bluish gas that condenses to a dark blue liquid, or blue-black crystals. Has a characteristic odor in concentrations less than 2 ppm. Used as a disinfectant for air and water; used for bleaching waxes, textiles and oils, itolysis of unsaturated fatty acids to pelargonic and other acids; manufacture of ink; catalyst; water treatment for taste and odor control; mold and bacteria inhibitor in cold storage; bleaching agent. (EPA, 1998) it is an elemental molecule with formula O3. An explosive, pale blue gas (b.p. -112â„ƒ) that has a characteristic, pleasant odour, it is continuously produced in the upper atmosphere by the action of solar ultraviolet radiation on atmospheric oxygen. It is an antimicrobial agent used in the production of bottled water, as well as in the treatment of meat, poultry and other foodstuffs. It has a role as a member of greenhouse gas, a disinfectant, a tracer, an electrophilic reagent, a mutagen, an oxidising agent and an antiseptic drug. It is a member of reactive oxygen species, an elemental molecule, a it and a gas molecular entity. 
it is an alpha-amino acid consisting of lysine having an oxo group in place of the side-chain amino group. It is a tautomer of an allysine zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides, obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-(trifluoromethyl)benzoic acid with the amino group of 2-[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]ethylamine. A fungicide used for foiliar application and as a seed treatment in order to control botrystis, powdery mildew and other diseases. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzamides, an organochlorine compound, a member of pyridines, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a benzamide fungicide. 
it is an aromatic ether comprised of phenetole substituted at C-2 and C-4 by nitro groups. It is an aromatic ether and a C-nitro compound. 
Teniposide is a furonaphthodioxole that is a synthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with anti-tumour activity; causes single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA and DNA-protein cross-links and prevents repair by topoisomerase II binding. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor. It is a furonaphthodioxole, a gamma-lactone, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a member of thiophenes, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols and a cyclic acetal. It derives from a podophyllotoxin. Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. Teniposide forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is a 2,7-naphthyridine derivative that is 1,4-dihydro-2,7-naphthyridin-3(2H)-one which is substituted at positions 1 and 5 by methyl and methoxy groups, respectively. It derives from a hydride of a 2,7-naphthyridine. 
it is a pyridopyrimidine that is used (as its dimethyl sulfoxide addition compound) for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with BRAF V600E or V600K mutations, and who have not received prior BRAF inhibitor treatment. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a pyridopyrimidine, an organofluorine compound, an organoiodine compound, a member of acetamides, a ring assembly, a member of cyclopropanes and an aromatic amine. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MEK MAPK/ERK kinase) with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically binds to and inhibits MEK 1 and 2, resulting in an inhibition of growth factor-mediated cell signaling and cellular proliferation in various cancers. MEK 1 and 2, dual specificity threonine/tyrosine kinases often upregulated in various cancer cell types, play a key role in the activation of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway that regulates cell growth. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid comprising 1,8-naphthyridin-4-one substituted by carboxylic acid, ethyl and methyl groups at positions 3, 1, and 7, respectively. An orally administered antibacterial, it is used in the treatment of lower urinary-tract infections due to Gram-negative bacteria, including the majority of E. coli, Enterobacter, Klebsiella, and Proteus species. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a DNA synthesis inhibitor and an antimicrobial agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a 1,8-naphthyridine derivative and a quinolone antibiotic. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. it is a synthetic quinolone and antibacterial agent with urinary tract antiseptic activity. it concentrates in the renal tubules and bladder and exerts its local antibacterial actions by interference of DNA gyrase activity, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis during bacterial replication in a dose-dependent manner. it is active against most gram-negative organisms that cause urinary tract infections. 
it is a beta-amino acid that is butyric acid which is substituted by an amino group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-amino acid and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-aminobutyrate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an aziridine alkylating agent that cross-links with DNA, causing inhibition of DNA synthesis. It was studied for use in colon cancer. (NCI) 
it is the benzenesulfonate salt of amlodipine. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a calcium channel blocker and an antihypertensive agent. It contains an amlodipine. it is the besylate salt of amlodipine, a synthetic dihydropyridine with antihypertensive and antianginal effects. Amlodipine inhibits the influx of extracellular calcium ions into myocardial and peripheral vascular smooth muscle cells, thereby preventing vascular and myocardial contraction. This results in a dilatation of the main coronary and systemic arteries, decreased myocardial contractility, increased blood flow and oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, and decreased total peripheral resistance. This agent may also modulate multi-drug resistance (MDR) activity through inhibition of the p-glycoprotein efflux pump. 
Abacavir sulfate is an azaheterocycle sulfate salt that is the sulfate salt of the HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor abacavir. It derives from an abacavir. Abacavir Sulfate is a sulfate salt form of abacavir, a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of guanosine. This agent decreases HIV viral loads, retards or prevents the damage to the immune system, and reduces the risk of developing AIDS. 
D-thioproline is an optically active version of thioproline having D-configuration. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a thioproline and a D-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone compound having the two hydroxy substituents at the 4'- and 7-positions. Isolated from the root of Glycyrrhizae uralensis, it is a selective agonist for oestrogen receptor beta. It has a role as a hormone agonist and a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is 1-tert-butylurea in which one of the hydrogens attached to N(3) is substituted by a pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidin-7-yl group, which is itself substituted at positions 2 and 6 by a 4-(diethylamino)butyl]amino group and a 3,5-dimethoxyphenyl group, respectively. It is a FGF/VEGF receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It has a role as a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a pyridopyrimidine, a member of ureas, a tertiary amino compound, a dimethoxybenzene, an aromatic amine and a biaryl. 
N-acetylneuraminic acid is an N-acylneuraminic acid where the N-acyl group is specified as acetyl. It has a role as an antioxidant, an EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor, a bacterial metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetylneuraminate. 
it, also known as it or 4-(1-methylethyl)-benzenepropanal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a floral, fresh, and fruity taste. 
Betamethasone Dipropionate is the 17,21-dipropionate ester of betamethasone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with metabolic, immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory actions. Betamethasone dipropionate binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides, obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-methylbenzoic acid with the amino group of 3-(ispropyloxy)aniline. A fungicide used to control diseases caused by Basidomycetes including Rhizoctonia and Puccinia spp. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzamides, an aromatic ether and a benzanilide fungicide. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Less dense than water and poorly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Very corrosive. Contact may likely burn skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Flash point near 200Â°F. it is a C7, straight-chain fatty acid that contributes to the odour of some rancid oils. Used in the preparation of esters for the fragrance industry, and as an additive in cigarettes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a heptanoate. it is an aliphatic carboxylic acid, also known as it, used in the synthesis of esters for products such as fragrances and artificial flavor preparations. 
His-Phe is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-histidine with the amino group of L-phenylalanine. It derives from a L-histidine and a L-phenylalanine. 
it, also known as rulid or macrosil, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminoglycosides. These are molecules or a portion of a molecule composed of amino-modified sugars. it is a drug which is used to treat respiratory tract, urinary and soft tissue infections. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, roxithromycin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). In humans, roxithromycin is involved in the roxithromycin action pathway. it is a semi-synthetic derivative of the macrolide antibiotic erythromycin that includes an N-oxime side chain on the lactone ring, with antibacterial and anti-malarial activities. it binds to the subunit 50S of the bacterial ribosome, which inhibits bacterial protein synthesis and leads to inhibition of bacterial cell growth and replication. 
5-{5-[2-chloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-1,3-oxazol-2-yl)phenoxy]pentyl}-3-methylisoxazole is an isoxazole compound having a metyl substituent at the 3-position and a 5-[2-chloro-4-(4,5-dihydro-1,3-oxazol-2-yl)phenoxy]pentyl substituent at the 5-position. It has a role as an antiviral agent. It is a member of isoxazoles and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a small molecule and a pan-inhibitor of Bcl-2 family proteins, with pro-apoptotic activity. GX015-070 is a selective antagonist of the BH3-binding groove of the Bcl-2 family proteins, which are frequently overexpressed in cancers including chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). This agent induces/restores apoptosis in cancer cells by inhibiting apoptosis suppressors in multiple members of the Bcl-2 family simultaneously. it is the mesylate salt of obatoclax, a synthetic small-molecule inhibitor of the bcl-2 family of proteins with potential pro-apoptotic and antineoplastic activities. it binds to members of the Bcl-2 protein family, preventing the binding of these anti-apoptotic proteins to the pro-apoptotic proteins Bax and Bak and so promoting the activation of the apoptotic pathway in Bcl-2-overexpressing cells. The Bcl-2 family of proteins (bcl-2, bcl-xl, bcl-w, and Mcl-1) are overexpressed in a wide variety of cancers, including those of the lymphatic system, breast, lung, prostate, and colon. 
it is an optically active form of 3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoic acid having (3R)-configuration. It derives from a (4R)-7-hydroxy-4-isopropenyl-7-methyloxepan-2-one. It is a conjugate acid of a (3R)-3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoate. It is an enantiomer of a (3S)-3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoic acid. 
it is a DEA controlled drug. The active ingredient it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. it is classified by the DEA as Designer Drugs. Street names for it are it and Pink or U4. 
it is the phosphate salt form of oleandomycin, a macrolide antibiotic similar to erythromycin with antimicrobial activity. Oleandomycin targets and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes. This prevents translocation of peptidyl tRNA leading to an inhibition of protein synthesis. 
it is a member of the class of maleimides that is maleimide which is substituted at position 3 by an indol-3-yl group and at position 4 by a quinazolin-4-yl group, which in turn is substituted at position 2 by a 4-methylpiperazin-1-yl group. It is a potent and selective inhibitor of protein kinase C and has been investigated as an immunosuppresant in renal transplant patients. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor, an immunosuppressive agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a member of indoles, a member of quinazolines and a member of maleimides. it is an orally available pan-protein kinase C (PKC) inhibitor with potential immunosuppressive and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits both T- and B-cell activations via PKC theta and beta isozymes, respectively. Both PKCs are important in the activation of nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kB). Inhibition of PKC beta in B-cells results in prevention of NF-kB-mediated signaling and down regulation of NF-kB target genes. This may eventually lead to an induction of G1 cell cycle arrest and tumor cell apoptosis in susceptible tumor cells. This agent may act synergistically with other chemotherapeutic agents. PKC, a family of serine/threonine protein kinases overexpressed in certain types of cancer cells, is involved in cell differentiation, mitogenesis, inflammation, and the activation and survival of lymphocytes. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong chlorine-like odor. Flash point 80Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. it is an alpha-diketone that is butane substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 3. It is a metabolite produced during the malolactic fermentation. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid having the carboxy group at the 2-position. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a quinaldate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 8alpha-3-copaen-8-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 8alpha-3-copaen-8-ol can be found in fats and oils, green vegetables, and herbs and spices. This makes 8alpha-3-copaen-8-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that consists of 3'-methoxyflavanone in which the three hydroxy substituents are located at positions 4', 5, and 7. It has a role as a metabolite and a flavouring agent. It is a monomethoxyflavanone, a trihydroxyflavanone, a member of 3'-methoxyflavanones and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from an eriodictyol. 
it is a quarternary ammonium salt whose basic unit comprises an octyltrimethylammonium cation and a bromide anion. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and a bromide salt. It contains an octyltrimethylammonium ion. 
P-toluene sulfonylchloride appears as a white to gray powdered solid with a distinctive odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
4, 5-Dimethylthiazole, also known as fema 3274, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. 4, 5-Dimethylthiazole exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4, 5-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4, 5-Dimethylthiazole has a boiled shrimp, fishy, and green taste. 
it is an organic heterooctacyclic compound that is 1H,1'H-2,2'-biindole in which the nitrogens have undergone formal oxidative coupling to positions 2 and 5 of 3-amino-N,2-dimethyloxolane-3-carboxamide (the 2R,3R,5S product), and in which the 3 and 3' positions of the biindole moiety have also undergone formal oxidative coupling to positions 3 and 4 of 1,5-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-one. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a gamma-lactam, a hemiaminal, an indolocarbazole, an organic heterooctacyclic compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a primary amino compound and a bridged compound. 
it is a purine nucleotide analog prodrug with activity against wild-type and lamivudine-resistant hepatitis B virus (HBV). it acts by inhibiting viral DNA priming and viral DNA packaging, thereby decreasing HBV replication. 
it is a hydroxybutyric acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 3 respectively. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
1, 2-Dehydrosalsolinol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydroisoquinolines. These are isoquinoline derivatives where exactly two carbon atoms joined by an aromatic bond are linked with a hydrogen atom each, resulting in a CC single bond. 1, 2-Dehydrosalsolinol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of chlorimuron with ethanol. A proherbicide for chloimuron, it is used as herbicide for the control of broad-leaved weeds in peanuts, soya beans, and other crops. It has a role as a proherbicide, an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It is a sulfamoylbenzoate, a N-sulfonylurea, an aromatic ether, an ethyl ester, an organochlorine pesticide and a member of pyrimidines. It derives from a chlorimuron. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is 1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine carrying a N-tert-butyl, N'-cyclopropyl and a methylsulfanyl group at position 6. It has a role as an antifouling biocide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is an aryl sulfide, a member of cyclopropanes and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from a 1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a hydroxamic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from each of the hydroxamic acid groups of desferrioxamine E. It has a role as a siderophore. It is a conjugate base of a desferrioxamine E. 
1-chloro-2,2-bis(4'-chlorophenyl)ethylene is a chlorophenylethylene that is chloroethene in which the methylene hydrogens are replaced by 4-chlorophenyl groups. It has a role as an environmental contaminant. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a chlorophenylethylene. 
it is the L-enantiomer of the sulfur-containing amino acid cystine. It has a role as a flour treatment agent, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an EC 1.2.1.12 (aspartate-semialdehyde dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It is a cystine, a L-cysteine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. It is an enantiomer of a D-cystine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. Not considered one of the 20 amino acids, Cystine is a sulfur-containing derivative obtained from oxidation of cysteine amino acid thiol side chains. It functions as an antioxidant and protects tissues against radiation and pollution, slowing the aging process. It also aids protein synthesis. Cystine is abundant in many proteins of skeletal tissues and skin, and found in insulin and digestive enzymes chromotrypsinogen A, papain, and trypsinogen. (NCI04) 
Cesium Cs 137 is a radioactive isotope of cesium with an atomic mass of 139 and potential application in radiotherapy. Cesium Cs 137 is prevalent due to its spontaneous production, which occurs as a result of nuclear fission of other radioactive materials, such as uranium and plutonium. This radionuclide has a relatively long half-life, 30 years, and decays by emitting beta particles. Both Cs 137 and its metastable nuclear isomer, barium-137m, emit gamma radiation of moderate energy and so are used in sterilization procedures in the food industry or in hospital environments. 
it is an orally active, 1,2-benzisoxazole-containing, inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. it forms an isoxazole-ring opened, stable, benzamidine metabolite which is subsequently excreted through the bile. 
Alpha-methyl-L-dopa ethyl ester is the ethyl ester of alpha-methyl-L-dopa. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of amphetamines and an ethyl ester. It derives from an alpha-methyl-L-dopa. 
(-)-trans-it is a stilbenoid that is the (-)-trans-stereoisomer of it, obtained by cyclodimerisation of trans-resveratrol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a polyphenol and a stilbenoid. It derives from a trans-resveratrol. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-trans-it. 
it, also known as benzoic acid isoamyl ester or fema 2058, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-methylbutyl benzoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sweet, balsamic, and green tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, cocoa and cocoa products, fruits, and papaya. This makes 3-methylbutyl benzoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Monoit appears as a colorless liquid with a slight ammonia-like odor. Less dense than water and soluble in water. Flash point 165Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used in plastics, paints, cutting oils, and specialized cleaning compounds. it is any amino alcohol that is propan-2-ol substituted by an amino group at position 1. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an amino alcohol and a secondary alcohol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
4-Methoxybenzyl butanoate, also known as it or fema 2100, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. 4-Methoxybenzyl butanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-methoxybenzyl butanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Methoxybenzyl butanoate has a sweet, anisic, and buttery taste. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefsuldin, a semi-synthetic, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with a narrow spectrum of activity. Cefsulodin has activity against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus but little activity against other bacteria. 
it is a menaquinone whose side-chain contains seven isoprene units in an all-trans-configutation. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. 
it is the monohydrochloride salt of chloroprocaine. Used as a local anaesthetic, particularly for oral surgery, it has the advantage over lidocaine of constricting blood vessels, so reducing bleeding. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, a peripheral nervous system drug and a central nervous system depressant. It contains a chloroprocaine. it is a synthetic, aminoester, local, anesthetic agent. At the injection site, it acts by inhibiting sodium influx through binding to specific membrane sodium ion channels in the neuronal cell membranes, restricting sodium permeability, and blocking nerve impulse conduction. This leads to a loss of sensation. it is short-acting due to rapid hydrolysis by pseudocholinesterase into para-aminobenzoic acid in plasma. 
Cefaclor is a beta-lactam, second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefaclor binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located in bacterial cytoplasmic membranes. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a long-chain fatty aldehyde that is tetradecane in which two hydrogens attached to a terminal carbon are replaced by an oxo group. It is found in coriander. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty aldehyde and a 2,3-saturated fatty aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a tetradecane. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is the O-carbamoyl derivative of L-serine. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-serine derivative. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is an adenosine analogue that has been investigated for use against Zaire Ebolavirus. In animal studies, it was effective in increasing the survival rates from infections caused by various pathogens, including Ebola, Marburg, Yellow Fever and Zika viruses. In vitro, it displayed broad-spectrum antiviral activity against various negative- and positive-sense RNA viruses, including coronaviruses, filoviruses, and arenaviruses. Phase 1 clinical trials have begun to determine the safety of this drug in humans. Because of its activity against other coronaviruses, it may be studied as a potential therapy for COVID-19. 
it is a lipid A oxoanion obtained via deprotonation of the carboxy and phosphate OH groups of it. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it, also known as sk&f 93944 or SK and F-93944, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidones. Pyrimidones are compounds that contain a pyrimidine ring, which bears a ketone. Pyrimidine is a 6-membered ring consisting of four carbon atoms and two nitrogen centers at the 1- and 3- ring positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. In humans, it is involved in the it H1-antihistamine action pathway. 
it is a 1,2,4-triazine compound having oxo-substituents at the 3- and 5-positions. It has a role as an antimetabolite. It is a member of 1,2,4-triazines and a nucleobase analogue. 
it is a flavone C-glycoside that is 7,4'-dihydroxyflavone substituted by a 6-O-[(2R,3R,4R)-3,4-dihydroxy-4-(hydroxymethyl)oxolan-2-yl]-beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 8 via a C-glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a flavone C-glycoside. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 5H-indolo[3,2-b]quinoline in which the hydrogen at position N-5 is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and a cysteine protease inhibitor. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and an indole alkaloid. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the synthetic imidazothiazole derivative levamisole with anthelminthic and immunomodulating activities. In immunosuppressed states, levamisole may restore immune function by: 1) stimulating antibody formation, 2) stimulating T-cell activation and proliferation, 3) potentiating monocyte and macrophage phagocytosis and chemotaxis and 4) increasing neutrophil mobility, adherence, and chemotaxis. 
it is a member of the class of pterocarpans that is (6aR,11aR)-pterocarpan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3, a methoxy group at position 9 and a prenyl group at position 10. Isolated from Erythrina glauca and Erythrina stricta, it exhibits anti-HIV-1 activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV-1 agent. It is a member of pterocarpans, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 
(+)-it is an it that has R,R,R configuration. The naturally occurring stereoisomer of it, it is found particularly in sunflower and olive oils. It has a role as an antioxidant, a nutraceutical, a vitamin, an antiatherogenic agent, an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor, an anticoagulant, an immunomodulator, an antiviral agent, a micronutrient and an algal metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. it is a naturally-occurring form of it, a fat-soluble vitamin with potent antioxidant properties. Considered essential for the stabilization of biological membranes (especially those with high amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids), d-it is a potent peroxyl radical scavenger and inhibits noncompetitively cyclooxygenase activity in many tissues, resulting in a decrease in prostaglandin production. it also inhibits angiogenesis and tumor dormancy through suppressing vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene transcription. (NCI04) Tocopherol is a class of it compounds naturally found in many different sources, such as oils, nuts, and vegetables. Tocopherols have antioxidant activity. it is the orally bioavailable alpha form of the naturally-occurring fat-soluble it, with potent antioxidant and cytoprotective activities. Upon administration, it neutralizes free radicals, thereby protecting tissues and organs from oxidative damage. Alpha-tocopherol gets incorporated into biological membranes, prevents protein oxidation and inhibits lipid peroxidation, thereby maintaining cell membrane integrity and protecting the cell against damage. In addition, it inhibits the activity of protein kinase C (PKC) and PKC-mediated pathways. Alpha-tocopherol also modulates the expression of various genes, plays a key role in neurological function, inhibits platelet aggregation and enhances vasodilation. Compared with other forms of tocopherol, it is the most biologically active form and is the form that is preferentially absorbed and retained in the body. 
it is a hydrochloride salt obtained by reaction of 2-methyl-6-(phenylethynyl)pyridine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Potent and highly selective non-competitive antagonist at the mGlu5 receptor subtype (IC50 = 36 nM) and a positive allosteric modulator at mGlu4 receptors. Centrally active following systemic administration in vivo. Reverses mechanical hyperalgesia in the inflamed rat hind paw. It has a role as a metabotropic glutamate receptor antagonist and an anxiolytic drug. It contains a 2-methyl-6-(phenylethynyl)pyridinium(1+). 
One of the non-essential amino acids commonly occurring in the L-form. It is found in animals and plants, especially in sugar cane and sugar beets. It may be a neurotransmitter. 
it is a short-acting, broad-spectrum sulfonamide and a synthetic analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with bacteriostatic property. it competes with PABA for the bacterial enzyme dihydropteroate synthase, thereby preventing the incorporation of PABA into dihydrofolic acid, the immediate precursor of folic acid. This leads to an inhibition of bacterial folic acid synthesis and de novo synthesis of purines and pyrimidines, ultimately resulting in cell growth arrest and cell death. 
(1R, 2S, 3S, 4R)-p-Menthane-2, 3-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (1R, 2S, 3S, 4R)-p-Menthane-2, 3-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1R, 2S, 3S, 4R)-p-menthane-2, 3-diol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1R, 2S, 3S, 4R)-p-menthane-2, 3-diol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (1R, 2S, 3S, 4R)-p-menthane-2, 3-diol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of imidazo[2,1-b][1,3]oxazines in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a nitro group and in which the oxazine ring is fully saturated. It is a C-nitro compound, a member of imidazo[2,1-b][1,3]oxazines and a bicyclic nitroimidazole. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate having adenine as the nucleobase. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and a 2'-deoxyadenosine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Ceftizoxime is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Ceftizoxime binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine(1+) in which the acyl groups at C-1 and C-2 are hexadecanoyl and 6-[(7-nitrobenz-2-oxa-1,3-diazol-4-yl)amino]hexanoyl respectively. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Cinnamyl alcohol, also known as styrylcarbinol or zimtalcohol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamyl alcohols. These are aromatic alcohols containing a 3-phenylprop-2-en-1-ol moiety. Cinnamyl alcohol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, cinnamyl alcohol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Cinnamyl alcohol is also a parent compound for other transformation products, including but not limited to, cinnamyl acetate, 5-hydroxyconiferyl alcohol, and caffeyl alcohol. Cinnamyl alcohol is a sweet, balsam, and bitter tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as oat, chia, white mustard, and wild carrot. This makes cinnamyl alcohol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Methylselenol, also known as methaneselenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as selenols. These are organic compounds that contains the functional group with the connectivity R-Se-H. Methylselenol exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Methylselenol participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Methylselenol and 2-ketobutyric acid can be biosynthesized from selenomethionine through the action of the enzyme cystathionine gamma-lyase CYS3. In addition, Methylselenol can be biosynthesized from methylselenic acid through the action of the enzyme thioredoxin reductase. 
it is a tripeptide composed of one L-phenylalanine and two glycine residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite. 
An antibiotic compound derived from Streptomyces niveus. It has a chemical structure similar to coumarin. Novobiocin binds to DNA gyrase, and blocks adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) activity. (From Reynolds, Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p189) 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as (2E)-3-phenylprop-2-enoyl (cinnamoyl). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-cinnamoylglycinate. 
it is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid that is obtained by selective dehydrogenation at the 1,2-position of reticuline. It is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid and an organic cation. It derives from a reticuline. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is heptane substituted at positions 1 and 7 by carboxy groups. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a dermatologic drug and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an azelaate(2-) and an azelaate. it is a naturally occurring dicarboxylic acid produced by Malassezia furfur and found in whole grain cereals, rye, barley and animal products. it possesses antibacterial, keratolytic, comedolytic, and anti-oxidant activity. it is bactericidal against Proprionibacterium acnes and Staphylococcus epidermidis due to its inhibitory effect on the synthesis of microbial cellular proteins. it exerts its keratolytic and comedolytic effects by reducing the thickness of the stratum corneum and decreasing the number of keratohyalin granules by reducing the amount and distribution of filaggrin in epidermal layers. it also possesses a direct anti-inflammatory effect due to its scavenger activity of free oxygen radical. This drug is used topically to reduce inflammation associated with acne and rosacea. 
it is a hydrated form of anhydrous magnesium acetate salt with the chemical formula of Mg(CH3COO)2 â€¢ 4H2O. As a salt form of magnesium, magnesium acetate is one of the bioavailable forms of magnesium and forms a very water soluble compound. Magnesium is an essential element and second most abundant cation in the body that plays a key role in maintaining normal cellular function such as production of ATP and efficient enzyme activity. it can be used as an electrolyte supplementation or a reagent in molecular biology experiments. it is the hydrated acetate salt form of magnesium. Magnesium is a divalent cation essential for a number of biochemical processes involved in nerve signaling, bone mineralization and muscle contractions. About 350 enzymes involved in glycolysis and the Krebs cycle, formation of cyclic-AMP and ATP, cellular signal transduction and protein and nucleic acid synthesis are dependent on magnesium. 
it is an alanine derivative having a 4-(4-nitrophenylphospho)butanoyl group attached to the nitrogen of alanine. It is an alanine derivative, a C-nitro compound and an aryl phosphonate. 
it, also known as a-m dipeptide or ala-met, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Alpha-L-Fucp-(1->2)-beta-D-Galp-(1->3)-[alpha-L-Fucp-(1->4)]-D-GlcNAc is an amino tetrasaccharide consisting of N-acetylglucosamine having a fucosyl residue attached at the 4-position via a beta-linkage and alpha-fucosyl-(1->2)-galactosyl residues attached at the 3-position, also via a beta-linkage. It has a role as an epitope and an antigen. It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is the simplest member of the class of a its that consists of a benzene carrying a single sulfo group. It is a conjugate acid of a benzenesulfonate. 
3, 3, 4-Trimethyldecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 3, 3, 4-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 3, 4-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3, 3, 4-trimethyldecane can be found in fruits. This makes 3, 3, 4-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an aminophenol that is one of three amino derivatives of phenol which has the single amino substituent located meta to the phenolic -OH group. 
it is a pyrrolidinone that is pyrrolidin-2-one which is substituted at positions 3 and 5 by carboxymethyl and hydroxymethyl groups, respectively, and in which the hydrogen of the resulting alcoholic hydroxy group is replaced by a 4'-carbamimidoylbiphenyl-4-yl group (the S,S-diastereoisomer). A figrinogen receptor antagonist. It has a role as a platelet glycoprotein-IIb/IIIa receptor antagonist. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a carboxamidine and a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infection, Adult Gliosarcoma, Adult Glioblastoma, Stage I Adult Hodgkin Lymphoma, and Stage II Adult Hodgkin Lymphoma, among others. it is a guanine analogue with antineoplastic activity. O6-benzylguanine binds the DNA repair enzyme O(6)-alkylguanine DNA alkyltransferase (AGT), transferring the benzyl moiety to the active-site cysteine and resulting in inhibition of AGT-mediated DNA repair. Co-administration of this agent potentiates the effects of other chemotherapeutic agents that damage DNA. (NCI04) 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Very toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is a broad-spectrum first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a 2-acetamidofluorene compound in which the parent 2-acetamidofluorene is substituted on nitrogen by an acetoxy group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a mutagen. 
it is a 2-aminobenzimidazole having methyl substituents at the 5- and 6-positions and a 5-carboxypentyl group at the 1-position. It has a role as an epitope. It is a dimethylbenzimidazole and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid that is N-acetyl-L-histidine carrying a methyl substituent at position 3 on the imidazole ring. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid and a L-histidine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-3-methyl-L-histidinate. 
it is an imidazolidinone, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a C-nitro compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an androgen antagonist. it is a synthetic, nonsteroidal agent with antiandrogenic properties. it preferentially binds to androgen receptors and blocks androgen receptor activation by testosterone and other androgens; this agent may inhibit androgen-dependent growth of normal and neoplastic prostate cells. (NCI04) 
1-amino-1-phenylmethyl phosphonic acid is a member of the class of phosphonic acids that is phosphonic acid having a amino(phenyl)methyl group attached to the phosphorus. It is a member of benzenes, a member of phosphonic acids and a primary amino compound. It derives from a phosphonic acid. 
it is a quinazoline that is 7-[(1-methylpiperidin-4-yl)methoxy]quinazoline bearing additional methoxy and 4-bromo-2-fluorophenylamino substituents at positions 6 and 4 respectively. Used for the treatment of symptomatic or progressive medullary thyroid cancer in patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic disease. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an aromatic ether, a secondary amine, a member of quinazolines, a member of piperidines, an organobromine compound and an organofluorine compound. it is an orally bioavailable 4-anilinoquinazoline. it selectively inhibits the tyrosine kinase activity of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), thereby blocking VEGF-stimulated endothelial cell proliferation and migration and reducing tumor vessel permeability. This agent also blocks the tyrosine kinase activity of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), a receptor tyrosine kinase that mediates tumor cell proliferation and migration and angiogenesis. 
it appears as colorless liquid or white solid (below 19Â° C) with a strong unpleasant odor. Density (as liquid at 25Â°C): 0.83 g/cm3. 
it is a member of the class of naphthaldehydes that is naphthalene-1-carbaldehyde substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. Active core of sirtinol (CHEBI:73158). It is a member of naphthaldehydes and a member of naphthols. 
it is a member of the class of indazoles that is 1H-indazole which is substituted by a benzyl group at position 1 and a 5-(hydroxymethyl)-2-furyl group at position 3. It is an activator of soluble guanylate cyclase and inhibits platelet aggregation. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a soluble guanylate cyclase activator, an apoptosis inducer, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a vasodilator agent. It is a member of indazoles, a member of furans and an aromatic primary alcohol. 
it is a sulfonamide that is sulfanilamide acylated on the sulfonamide nitrogen. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor and an antibacterial drug. It is a substituted aniline and a N-sulfonylcarboxamide. It derives from a sulfanilamide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a synthetic sulfanylacetamide derivative with bacteriostatic activity. it inhibits bacterial folic acid synthesis by competing with para amino benzoic acid. With a broad spectrum of action, it is used as an anti-infective topical agent to treat skin infections and as an oral agent for urinary tract infections. (NCI04) 
it is a recombinant version of the cardiac neurohormone, human B-type natriuretic peptide (hBNP) produced by the ventricular myocardium. it binds to natriuretic peptide receptors on vascular smooth muscle and endothelial cells, through which it triggers guanylate cyclase dependent signal transduction resulting in increase of intracellular concentrations of cGMP. This leads to smooth muscle cell relaxation causing arterial and venous dilatation. 
Ded-weed lv-69 67 percent it appears as white crystals in commerce, a brown or dark brown liquid. (NTP, 1992) 
4-(2-Amino-3-hydroxyphenyl)-2, 4-dioxobutanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 4-(2-Amino-3-hydroxyphenyl)-2, 4-dioxobutanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 4-(2-Amino-3-hydroxyphenyl)-2, 4-dioxobutanoic acid has been primarily detected in feces. 4-(2-Amino-3-hydroxyphenyl)-2, 4-dioxobutanoic acid and L-glutamic acid can be biosynthesized from L-3-hydroxykynurenine and oxoglutaric acid through its interaction with the enzyme kynurenine/alpha-aminoadipate aminotransferase, mitochondrial. In humans, 4-(2-amino-3-hydroxyphenyl)-2, 4-dioxobutanoic acid is involved in the tryptophan metabolism pathway. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-tryptophan, L-asparagine, and L-aspartic acid joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-tryptophan, a L-asparagine and a L-aspartic acid. 
it is a polyamino carboxylic acid, the structure of which is that of BAPTA carrying bromine substituents at C-5 and C-5'. It has a role as a chelator. It derives from a BAPTA. 
9-Azabicyclo[3. 3. 1]nonan-3-one, also known as alpha-phosphinylbenzyl alcohol or granatonine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidinones. Piperidinones are compounds containing a piperidine ring which bears a ketone. 9-Azabicyclo[3. 3. 1]nonan-3-one exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 9-azabicyclo[3. 3. 1]nonan-3-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 9-azabicyclo[3. 3. 1]nonan-3-one can be found in fruits and pomegranate. This makes 9-azabicyclo[3. 3. 1]nonan-3-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a chemical weapon which is related to sarin. Structurally, it differs from sarin only in that the fluorine atom in sarin is replaced by a chlorine atom in it. This change is only expected to have a small effect on it's chemical reactivity as compared to the reactivity of sarin. See the chemical datasheet for sarin for more information. 
it appears as colorless fairly volatile liquid with a pleasant pungent odor. Flash point 20Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Does not react with water or many common materials. Stable in normal transportation. Irritates the nose, eyes, and throat. Combustion may produce toxic materials. Density 6.7 lb / gal. Used as a solvent, for making other chemicals, and for production of wax from petroleum. it is a dialkyl ketone that is a four-carbon ketone carrying a single keto- group at position C-2. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a dialkyl ketone, a methyl ketone, a volatile organic compound and a it. 
This compound is a precursor to the chemical weapons sarin and soman and is expected to react similarly to both of those compounds. See the chemical datasheets for sarin and soman for more information. 
it is an antiseptic agent with potential antibacterial and antileukemic activity. Although the exact mechanism of action remains to be fully elucidated, it appears to interfere with the membrane-bound nucleotide system by increasing the intracellular concentration of cAMP in leukemia cells and macrophages, which potentially contributes to this agent's antineoplastic activity. Furthermore, this agent's affinity for various cellular targets, i.e. membranes, nucleic acids and proteins, may contribute to the overall antibacterial effect. 
it is an amino alcohol that is L-alanine in which the carboxy group has been reduced to the corresponding alcohol. It is an amino alcohol, a primary alcohol and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 2-hydroxy-4-methylpentanoic acid. Found in patients with short-bowel syndrome (an inborn error of metabolism), and in maple syrup urine disease, MSUD. It is a (2R)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a 2-hydroxy-4-methylvaleric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-2-hydroxy-4-methylpentanoate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-2-hydroxy-4-methylpentanoic acid. 
A quinolizidine alkaloid isolated from several FABACEAE including LUPINUS; SPARTIUM; and CYTISUS. It has been used as an oxytocic and an anti-arrhythmia agent. It has also been of interest as an indicator of CYP2D6 genotype. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a long-chain, monounsaturated fatty acid composed of 9-octadecenoic acid having a 9,10-cyclopropenyl group. It is a cyclopropenyl fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a monounsaturated fatty acid. It derives from an octadec-9-enoic acid. 
it, also known as a-terpinyl pentanoic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-terpinyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a floral and fruity taste. 
it appears as a clear yellow colored liquid with a lemon-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a monoterpenoid that is (2E,6E)-octa-2,6-dienal substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is an enal, a monoterpenoid and a polyprenal. 
it is a pyrazolidine that is phenylbutazone in which the two methylene hydrogens at postion 3 on the butyl chain are replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a member of pyrazolidines and a methyl ketone. It derives from a phenylbutazone. 
it is a orally administered, triazole antifungal agent used in the treatment of systemic and superficial fungal infections. it therapy is associated with transient, mild-to-moderate serum elevations and can lead to clinically apparent acute drug induced liver injury. it is a synthetic triazole agent with antimycotic properties. Formulated for both topical and systemic use, it preferentially inhibits fungal cytochrome P450 enzymes, resulting in a decrease in fungal ergosterol synthesis. Because of its low toxicity profile, this agent can be used for long-term maintenance treatment of chronic fungal infections. (NCI04) 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is a depolarising muscle relaxant whose structure comprises a decane-1,10-diamine core in which each amino group carries three methyl substituents. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It derives from a hydride of a decane. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a member of the class of morpholines that is morpholine substituted with a phenyl group at position 2 and a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite and a sympathomimetic agent. It derives from a morpholine. 
(S)-it is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-7-ol which is substituted by 3,4-dimethoxybenzyl, methyl, and methoxy groups at positions 1, 2, and 6, respectively (the 1S enantiomer). It is a benzyltetrahydroisoquinoline, a member of phenols, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-it(1+). 
2-[5-(but-3-yn-2-yloxy)-4-chloro-2-fluorophenyl]-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione is a dicarboximide that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione in which the nitrogen has been substituted by a 5-(but-3-yn-2-yloxy)-4-chloro-2-fluorophenyl group. It is a dicarboximide, a terminal acetylenic compound, an aromatic ether, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a pyrroline. 
it, also known as gaba-steatamide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the gamma carbon atom. Thus, N-stearoyl gaba is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fluorenes. Fluorenes are compounds containing a fluorene moiety, which consists of two benzene rings connected through either a cyclopentane, cyclopentene, or cyclopenta-1, 3-diene. 
it is a it originally isolated from Streptomyces hygroscopicus with formula C33H48O7 that has insecticidal and anthelmintic proerties. It has a role as an insecticide, an anthelminthic drug and a nematicide. 
Cantharidic acid is a monoterpenoid with an epoxy-bridged bicyclic dicarboxylic acid structure, which acts as an inhibitor of protein phosphatases 1 and 2A. It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a monoterpenoid, a dicarboxylic acid, a bridged compound and an oxabicycloalkane. It derives from a cantharidin. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from one of the carboxy groups of fumaric acid by a sodium ion. It has a role as a food acidity regulator. It contains a fumarate(1-). 
it is the conjugate base of dihydrolipoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a carboxylic acid anion and a thio fatty acid anion. It derives from an octanoate. It is a conjugate base of a dihydrolipoic acid. 
it is a D-glucopyranose 6-phosphate where alpha-D-glucose is the sugar component. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is an organic heterobicyclic compound that consists of (5R)-1-azabicyclo[3.2.0]hept-2-ene bearing a 7-keto substituent. The parent of the class of its. 
it, also known as fema 3561, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a herbal and spicy tasting compound that can be found in mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine) and sunflower. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as white to light-brown solid or brownish-yellow aqueous solution. Solid sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a butynediol that is but-2-yne substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 4. 
Methyl propenyl ketone is an enone that is pent-2-ene in which the two methylene hydrogens have been replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor, a human urinary metabolite, a biomarker, a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside compound having 5-bromouracil as the nucleobase. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an antimetabolite. it is a halogenated thymidine analogue with potential antineoplastic and radiosensitizing activities. it competes with thymidine for incorporation into DNA, resulting in DNA mutation and the inhibition of cell proliferation. As a radiosensitizer, this agent is associated with the inhibition of repair of radiation-induced DNA double-strand breaks. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (4R,12aS)-7-hydroxy-4-methyl-6,8-dioxo-3,4,6,8,12,12a-hexahydro-2H-pyrido[1',2':4,5]pyrazino[2,1-b][1,3]oxazine-9-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 2,4-difluorobenzylamine. Used (as its sodium salt) for treatment of HIV-1. It has a role as a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It is an organofluorine compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is an orally bioavailable integrase strand-transfer inhibitor (INSTI), with activity against human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection. Upon oral administration, it binds to the active site of integrase, an HIV enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of viral genetic material into human chromosomes. This prevents integrase from binding to retroviral deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), and blocks the strand transfer step, which is essential for the HIV replication cycle. This prevents HIV-1 replication. 
it is a monoterpene that is cyclohexa-1,3-diene substituted at positions 1 and 4 by methyl and prop-1-en-2-yl groups respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is a monoterpene and a cyclohexadiene. It derives from a p-menthane. 
it is the organic bromide salt of a 5alpha androstane compound having 3alpha-hydroxy-, 17beta-acetoxy-, 2beta-morpholino- and 16beta-N-allyllyrrolidinium substituents. It has a role as a neuromuscular agent and a muscle relaxant. It is an organic bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a rocuronium. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. it is the bromide salt form of rocuronium, an intermediate-acting quaternary aminosteroid with muscle relaxant property. it competitively binds to the nicotinic receptor at the motor end plate, and antagonizes acetylcholine binding, which results in skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it is an orally bioavailable small molecule targeting the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K) and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) kinases in the PI3K/mTOR signaling pathway, with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits both PI3K kinase and mTOR kinase, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis and growth inhibition in susceptible tumor cell populations. Activation of the PI3K/mTOR pathway promotes cell growth, survival, and resistance to chemotherapy and radiotherapy; mTOR, a serine/threonine kinase downstream of PI3K, may also be activated in a PI3K-independent fashion in response to nutrient and energy deprivation. Accordingly, this agent maybe more potent compared to an agent that inhibits either PI3K kinase or mTOR kinase alone. 
Kaempferol 7-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside is a kaempferol O-glucoside that is kaempferol attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a metabolite, a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a kaempferol O-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a trihydroxyflavone and a member of flavonols. It derives from a beta-D-glucose. 
it is a member of the class of indazoles carrying benzyl and 3-(dimethylamino)propyl groups at positions 1 and 3 respectively. A locally-acting nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug that also exhibits local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a hallucinogen, a local anaesthetic and an analgesic. It is a member of indazoles, an aromatic ether and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an acetone-like odor. Flash point 55Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a pentanone that is pentane carrying an oxo group at position 3. It has been isolated from Triatoma brasiliensis and Triatoma infestans. It has a role as an animal metabolite. 
it is a tetradecenoic acid having its double bond in the 2-position. It is a tetradecenoic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a tetracarboxylic acid that is an optically active twelve-membered tetraazamacrocycle having a carboxymethyl group attached to each of the nitrogens and a 4-substituted benzyl group at the 2-position. It has a role as an epitope. It is an azamacrocycle and a tetracarboxylic acid. It derives from a DOTA. 
4,4&#39;-methylenebis(2-chloroaniline) appears as tan-colored pellets or an off-white solid. Slight odor. (NTP, 1992) 4,4'-methylene-bis-(2-chloroaniline) is a chloroaniline that consists of two 2-chloroaniline units joined by a methylene bridge. It has a role as a metabolite. 4,4-Methylenebis,2-Chloroaniline is a tan-colored, solid, chlorinated aromatic amine with an amine-like odor that emits toxic fumes of hydrochloric acid and other chlorinated compounds when heated to decomposition. 4,4-Methylenebis-2-chloroaniline is primarily used in industry as a curing agent for liquid polyurethane elastomers and is used as an experimental carcinogen in research. Exposure to this substance can cause gastrointestinal distress and severe irritation of the face and eyes. 4,4-Methylenebis-2-chloroaniline is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen and may be associated with an increased risk of developing bladder cancer. (NCI05) 
it is a it that consists of a xanthene skeleton in which the oxygen atom is replaced by a sulfur atom. 
Ranitidine is a commonly used drug, classified as a histamine H2-receptor antagonist, and belongs to the same drug class as [cimetidine] and [famotidine]. This drug helps to prevent and treat gastric-acid associated conditions, including ulcers, because of its ability to decrease gastric acid secretion. Ranitidine is often referred to as Zantac, and is available in various forms, including tablet, injection, and effervescent tablet preparations.  The prevalence of GERD is thought to be 10-20% in western countries. Ranitidine has proven to be an effective treatment for relieving uncomfortable symptoms of gastric acid associated conditions and is therefore widely used in GERD and other gastric-acid related conditions. Ranitidine is a member of the class of histamine H2-receptor antagonists with antacid activity. Ranitidine is a competitive and reversible inhibitor of the action of histamine, released by enterochromaffin-like (ECL) cells, at the histamine H2-receptors on parietal cells in the stomach, thereby inhibiting the normal and meal-stimulated secretion of stomach acid. In addition, other substances that promote acid secretion have a reduced effect on parietal cells when the H2 receptors are blocked. 
it is an anti-tumor compound containing tegafur (1-(2-tetrahydrofuryl)-5-fluorouracil) and uracil in a molar ratio of 1:4. It was developed as an anti-cancer therapy by Taiho Pharmaceutical Co Ltd. It is approved in different countries but it is not yet approved by the FDA, Health Canada or EMA. 
it is an etabonate ester, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a steroid ester, an organochlorine compound, a steroid acid ester and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It derives from a loteprednol. it is the etabonate salt form of loteprednol, an ophthalmic analog of the corticosteroid prednisolone with anti-inflammatory activity. it exerts its effect by interacting with specific intracellular receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. This results in an induction of the synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins while inhibiting the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators. it specifically induces phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins (collectively called lipocortins), which inhibit the release of arachidonic acid, thereby inhibiting the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation, such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. 
it is a pyrimidine obtained by formal addition of hydrogen across the 5,6-position of uracil. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a hydroxykynurenine that is kynurenine bearing a hydroxy group at the position 5. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an isoleucine derivative that is isoleucine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-nitrogen is substituted by a methyl group. It is an isoleucine derivative and a N-methyl-amino acid. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of tetracosanoic acid (lignoceric acid), formed by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a very long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 24:0 and a 2-saturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a tetracosanoic acid. 
it is a cyclic ketone that is 3,4-dihydronaphthalen-1-one substituted at position 5 by a 3-(tert-butylamino)-2-hydroxypropoxy group (the S-enantiomer). A non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist used (as its hydrochloride salt) for treatment of glaucoma. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug and a beta-adrenergic antagonist. It is a propanolamine, a cyclic ketone and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. it is a naphthalenone and non-cardioselective adrenergic beta-receptor antagonist with anti-glaucoma activity. Upon administration in the eye, it blocks beta-adrenergic receptors, thereby causing vasoconstriction. it also decreases ciliary's body production of aqueous humor, leading to a decrease in aqueous humor. 
An anti-nematodal agent effective against the intestinal nematodes ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES (roundworm) and ENTEROBIUS VERMICULARIS (pinworm, threadworm). It produces a neuromuscular block leading to flaccid muscle paralysis in susceptible worms, which are then dislodged from the gut and expelled in feces. 
it, also known as eleutheroside e, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lignan glycosides. These are aromatic polycyclic compounds containing a carbohydrate component glycosidically linked to a lignan moiety. They include 1-aryltetralin lactones. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, liriodendrin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, liriodendrin can be found in tea. This makes liriodendrin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having guanine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a metabolite, a biomarker, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a guanosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a guanosine 5'-monophosphate(2-). 
it is a 1-(phosphoribosyl)imidazolecarboxamide. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
NiaxÂ® catalyst esn appears as a liquid mixture consisting of 95% dimethylaminopropionitrile by mass (C5H10O2, CAS: 1738-25-6) and 5% bis(2-[dimethylamino)ethyl] ether (C8H20N2O, CAS: 3033-62-3). Used as a catalyst in the manufacture of flexible polyurethane foams. Sale of the material was discontinuted in1978 after its use was linked to urological disorders among workers at a number of factories manufacturing these foams. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (2E,8R)-8-hydroxynon-2-enoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). It is a major component of the dauer pheromone, used by the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans as a population-density signal to promote entry into an alternate larval stage, the nonfeeding and highly persistent dauer diapause, and also synergises with ascr#2, ascr#4, and ascr#8 in male attraction. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite and a pheromone. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a (2E,8R)-8-hydroxynon-2-enoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is the phosphate salt of antazoline, an ethylenediamine derivative with histamine H1 antagonistic and sedative properties. Antazoline antagonizes histamine H1 receptor and prevents the typical allergic symptoms caused by histamine activities on capillaries, skin, mucous membranes, gastrointestinal and bronchial smooth muscles. These histamine activities include vasodilation, bronchoconstriction, increased vascular permeability, pain, itching, and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscles. Antazoline is used to provide symptomatic relieve of allergic symptoms. 
Captopril disulfide is an organic disulfide in which the disulfide bond links two units of captopril. It is a secondary metabolite of captopril. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a captopril. 
it is an aryl phosphate. It derives from a diethylstilbestrol. it is the diphosphate ester of a synthetic, nonsteroidal form of estrogen. A well-known teratogen and carcinogen, diethylstilbestrol inhibits the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis, thereby blocking the testicular synthesis of testosterone, lowering plasma testosterone, and inducing a chemical castration. 
2, 6-Dimethyl-7-octene-2, 6-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tertiary alcohols. Tertiary alcohols are compounds in which a hydroxy group, -OH, is attached to a saturated carbon atom R3COH (R not H ). 2, 6-Dimethyl-7-octene-2, 6-diol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethyl-7-octene-2, 6-diol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 6-dimethyl-7-octene-2, 6-diol can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes 2, 6-dimethyl-7-octene-2, 6-diol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an N-acylglycine with an acyl group that is undecanoyl. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-acylglycine and a fatty amide. It derives from a glycine and an undecanoic acid. 
Persistent forms of tuberculosis (TB) have proven to be a major cause of global morbidity and mortality and a cause for significant concern. Research in recent years has been geared toward the development of novel therapies that target persistent forms of this disease, which have shown resistance to standard therapy regimens. it is an antimycobacterial agent that is administered with [Bedaquiline] and [Linezolid] to treat resistant forms of pulmonary TB. It was the first TB drug developed by a nonprofit organization, known as TB Alliance, and was granted FDA approval on August 14, 2019. Unlike other therapeutic regimens for the treatment of resistant TB, which may take 18 months or longer and may not be effective, the pretomanid-containing regimen allows for a more efficacious and shorter duration of treatment with fewer drugs. 
it is a differentiation-inducing factor that is hexaphenone bearing two chloro substituents at positions 3 and 5, two hydroxy substituents at positions 2 and 6 as well as a single methoxy substituent at position 4. A secreted, chlorinated molecule that controls cell fate during development of Dictyostelium cells. It has a role as a eukaryotic metabolite and a signalling molecule. It is a monomethoxybenzene, a member of resorcinols, a differentiation-inducing factor and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a (3,5-dichloro-2,4,6-trihydroxyphenyl)hexan-1-one. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a tetramethoxyflavone that is the 5,7,3',4'-tetramethy-derivative of quercetin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a member of flavonols. It derives from a quercetin. 
it is a stilbenoid that is cis-resveratrol substituted at position 3 by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a polyphenol, a stilbenoid, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a cis-resveratrol. 
it is an organic anion that is the conjugate base of it, obtained by removal of the imide proton at position 3. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). It is a conjugate base of a it. 
1-vinyl-3-cyclohexene dioxide is a clear colorless liquid. Sets to glass at -67Â°F. Faint olefinic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is the diepoxide of 4-vinylcyclohexene. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. 
4-(4-Chloro-1-{4-[2-(dimethylamino)ethoxy]phenyl}-2-phenylbut-1-en-1-yl)phenol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. 4-(4-Chloro-1-{4-[2-(dimethylamino)ethoxy]phenyl}-2-phenylbut-1-en-1-yl)phenol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an aromatic amino acid consisting of anthranilic acid carrying an N-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl substituent. An analgesic and anti-inflammatory, it is used in rheumatic disorders. It has a role as an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic and an antipyretic. It is an aromatic amino acid and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a diphenylamine, an anthranilic acid and a (trifluoromethyl)benzene. It is a conjugate acid of a flufenamate. 
2-Ethyl-1, 3, 3-trimethyl-2-norbornanol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. 2-Ethyl-1, 3, 3-trimethyl-2-norbornanol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-ethyl-1, 3, 3-trimethyl-2-norbornanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an alkane that is hexane in which the two methylene hydrogens at position 3 have been replaced by methyl groups. 
it is a piperidine alkaloid that is piperidine substituted by a 2-oxo-3-[(2R)-piperidin-2-yl]propyl group at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a piperidine alkaloid and a ketone. 
it is a biflavonoid isolated from the rhizome of Sarcophyte piriei and exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a biflavonoid, a monosaccharide derivative and a hydroxyflavonoid. 
it is d-glycero-D-manno-heptose in which the hydrogen of the primary hydroxy group is substituted by a dihydrogen phosphate group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is 1H-isochromene which is substituted by an oxo group at position 1. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-isochromene. 
it is a histidine derivative that is histidine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-amino group has been replaced by a 4-aminobutanoyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a histidine derivative, a N-acyl-amino acid and a member of imidazoles. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyric acid. 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
it is a 2,3-dihydro-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid in which both stereocentres have R-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,3S)-2,3-dihydro-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum like odor. Flash point -9Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent, paint thinner, and chemical reaction medium. it is an alkene that is hexane carrying a double bond at position 1. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that consists of acrylamide bearing a phenyl substituent at the 3-position. 
2-Naphthalenol 2-aminobenzoate, also known as it or 2-aminobenzoyl 2-naphthalenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. 2-Naphthalenol 2-aminobenzoate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-naphthalenol 2-aminobenzoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Naphthalenol 2-aminobenzoate has a floral, grape, and neroli taste. 
Naringenin 7-O-beta-D-glucuronide is a dihydroxyflavanone that is naringenin in which the phenolic hydrogen at position 7 has been replaced by a beta-D-glucuronosyl residue. It is a dihydroxyflavanone, a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a polyphenol and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a naringenin. 
1,it is a member of the class of benzosemiquinones which results from the removal of one hydrogen atom with its electron from hydroquinone (or from the addition of one hydrogen atom with its electron to p-benzoquinone). It is a member of 1,its and a member of benzosemiquinones. 
A fatty acid with anticonvulsant and anti-manic properties that is used in the treatment of EPILEPSY and BIPOLAR DISORDER. The mechanisms of its therapeutic actions are not well understood. It may act by increasing GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID levels in the brain or by altering the properties of VOLTAGE-GATED SODIUM CHANNELS. 
it is an acene that consists of nine ortho-fused benzene rings in a rectilinear arrangement. It is an acene and a member of its. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point 115Â°F. May be mildly toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Vapors may be narcotic by inhalation. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate that is AMP substituted at position N-6 by a (2E)-4-hydroxy-3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate, a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a N-glycosylzeatin. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a 9-ribosyl-trans-zeatin 5'-phosphate(2-). 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid with a characteristic odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic by inhalation. 
it is a natural product found in Actinomadura roseola. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an anthracycline, a member of tetracenequinones, a member of p-quinones and an aminoglycoside antibiotic. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. it is an anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic with therapeutic effects similar to those of doxorubicin. it exhibits cytotoxic activity through topoisomerase-mediated interaction with DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. 
it is a dialdehyde that is cyclopentanecarbaldehyde substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a 3-oxo-prop-1-en-2yl group at position 5. It has been found to occur in pheromones of insects such as aphids. It has a role as an animal metabolite, a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is a dialdehyde, an olefinic compound and an iridoid monoterpenoid. 
A complex of gadolinium with a chelating agent, diethylenetriamine penta-acetic acid (DTPA see PENTETIC ACID), that is given to enhance the image in cranial and spinal MRIs. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p706) 
it is alpha-Neu5Ac-(2->8)-Neu5Ac in which the configuration at the anomeric carbon atom of the residue at the reducing end is alpha It has a role as an epitope. 
A highly poisonous organochlorine insecticide. The EPA has cancelled registrations of pesticides containing this compound with the exception of its use through subsurface ground insertion for termite control and the dipping of roots or tops of non-food plants. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) 
it is a trisaccharide consisting of two alpha-D-galactose residues and a beta-D-glucose at the reducing end in a linear sequence and joined by (1->4) linkages. 
it, also known as 11Î²-methyl-17-hydroxy-19-it acetate, is a steroidal progestin used in veterinary medicine to control estrus and ovulation in cattle. 
it is a light tan solid (melting point 153Â°C). Insoluble in water. Contact may irritate the skin. (itrichlorophenoxy)acetic acid is a chlorophenoxyacetic acid that is phenoxyacetic acid in which the ring hydrogens at postions 2, 4 and 5 are substituted by chlorines. It has a role as a defoliant, a synthetic auxin and a phenoxy herbicide. It is a chlorophenoxyacetic acid and a trichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate acid of a (itrichlorophenoxy)acetate. 
it is a thiocarboxanilide non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI). It is a topical microbicide targeted against the AIDS virus. N-(4-Chloro-3-((3-Methyl-2-Butenyl)Oxy)Phenyl)-2-Methyl-3-Furancarbothioamide is a thiocarboxanilide non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. it is a potent inhibitor of reverse transcriptase-dependent pyrophosphorolysis, and purportedly restores the chain-terminating activity of zidovudine (AZT) against AZT-resistant virus. 
Watery colorless liquid with a gasoline-like odor. Floats on water. Flammable, irritating vapor is produced. Boiling point is 82Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is an alkane that is butane substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a refrigerant. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of Dyclonine, an unclassified compound with local anesthetic effect. Dyclonine reversibly binds to activated sodium channels on the neuronal membrane, thereby decreasing the neuronal membrane's permeability to sodium ions, leading to an increased threshold for excitation. This reversibly stabilizes the membrane and inhibits depolarization, leading to the failure of a propagated action potential and subsequent conduction blockade. This results in a transient and reversible loss of sensation in a localized area of the body. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt having selenide as the counterion. It has a role as a reducing agent and a poison. It contains a selenide. 
it is an alkene that is docosane with an unsaturation at position 1. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong odor. Moderately toxic by ingestion and vapors may irritate skin and eyes. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a secondary alcohol that is pentane substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a polar solvent and a metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol and a pentanol. It derives from a hydride of a pentane. 
it is a dipeptide consisting of L-proline having a glycyl residue attached to its alpha-amino group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glycine and a L-proline. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a lipophilic, nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist with anti-anginal and antihypertensive activities. it competitively binds to and blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, it prevents the release of renin, a hormone secreted by the kidneys that causes constriction of blood vessels. 
it is a short-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of valeric acid; present in ester form as component of many steroid-based pharmaceuticals. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acid anion and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a valeric acid. 
it atom is the radioactive isotope of polonium with relative atomic mass 209.98286 and half-life of 138.376 days; the only naturally occurring isotope of polonium. 
it is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols that is benzyl alcohol substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It has been isolated from Arcangelisia gusanlung. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
Diethyldisulfide, also known as 1, 1'-dithiodiethane or 3, 4-dithiahexane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. Diethyldisulfide exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, diethyldisulfide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Diethyldisulfide exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Diethyldisulfide is a garlic, gassy, and greasy tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes diethyldisulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the D-enantiomer of aspartic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an aspartic acid and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-aspartic acid. Aspartic Acid is a non-essential amino acid in humans, Aspartic Acid has an overall negative charge and plays an important role in the synthesis of other amino acids and in the citric acid and urea cycles. Asparagine, arginine, lysine, methionine, isoleucine, and some nucleotides are synthesized from aspartic acid. Aspartic acid also serves as a neurotransmitter. (NCI04) 
it is a carbamate ester that is terbutaline in which both of the phenolic hydroxy groups have been protected as the corresponding N,N-dimethylcarbamates. A long acting beta-adrenoceptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma, it is a prodrug for terbutaline. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist, a prodrug, a bronchodilator agent, an anti-asthmatic drug, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a sympathomimetic agent and a tocolytic agent. It is a carbamate ester and a member of phenylethanolamines. It derives from a terbutaline. 
it, also known as fema 2891, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, apricot, and fruity taste. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as octanoyl. It is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and an octanoate ester. 
it is guanosine with the hydrogen on the hydroxyl at position C-3' substituted with a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a progestin consisting of 17beta-propionylestra-4,9-dien-3-one substituted at position 17 by a methyl group. It has a role as a progestin, a progesterone receptor agonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 20-oxo steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
D&c red 9 appears as odorless yellowish-red or reddish-orange powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic molecular entity. 
it appears as colorless crystals. Used as a non-systemic insecticide with good ovicidal properties and long persistence. Used on cotton, citrus, vegetables, potatoes, tobacco, rice, and cereals to control caterpillars, beetles, aphids, spiders and many other insects. Not registered for use in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is an organothiophosphate insecticide and an organic thiophosphate. It has a role as an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2,3-benzotriazine. 
it is an acetylenic compound that is propynoic acid in which the acetylenic hydrogen is replaced by a phenyl group. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, an acetylenic compound and a member of benzenes. It derives from a propynoic acid. 
it, also known as elenaate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils, fruits, herbs and spices, and olive. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Dodecyl beta-D-maltoside is a glycoside resulting from attachment of a dodecyl group to the reducing-end anomeric centre of a beta-maltose molecule. It has a role as a detergent. It is a glycoside and a disaccharide derivative. It derives from a hydride of a beta-maltose. 
it, also known as fema 3919 or pyrazine, 6-ethyl-2-methyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a potato and roasted tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as coffee and coffee products, cocoa and cocoa products, tea, and cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a triazene derivative that is triazene in which each of the terminal nitrogens is substituted by a 4-carbamimidoylphenyl group. It has a role as an antiparasitic agent and a trypanocidal drug. It is a triazene derivative and a carboxamidine. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is the acetate ester of 2-methylbutan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a 2-methylbutan-1-ol. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that is the 2-oxo derivative of homocitric acid. It derives from a homocitric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-4-oxobutane-1,2,4-tricarboxylate. 
it appears as a clear colorless gas with a medicine-like odor. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is an ether that is the methyl ether derivative of ethanol. It has a role as a Lewis base. It derives from an ethanol. 
it is a member of the class of ethanolamines that is catechol in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a 2-(tert-butylamino)-1-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist, an anti-asthmatic drug and a bronchodilator agent. It is a member of catechols, a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol, a triol and a member of ethanolamines. 
it is a monothioacetal that consists of cytosine having a (2R,5S)-2-(hydroxymethyl)-1,3-oxathiolan-5-yl moiety attached at position 1. An inhibitor of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase, it is used as an antiviral in the treatment of AIDS and hepatitis B. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor, an antiviral drug, an anti-HBV agent, an allergen, a prodrug and an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. It is a monothioacetal, a primary alcohol, an oxacycle and a nucleoside analogue. It derives from a cytosine. it is a synthetic nucleoside analogue with activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV) and HIV. Intracellularly, it is phosphorylated to its active metabolites, lamiduvine triphosphate (L-TP) and lamiduvine monophosphate (L-MP). In HIV, L-TP inhibits HIV-1 reverse transcriptase (RT) via DNA chain termination after incorporation of the nucleoside analogue into viral DNA. In HBV, incorporation of L-MP into viral DNA by HBV polymerase results in DNA chain termination. L-TP is a weak inhibitor of mammalian DNA polymerases alpha and beta, and mitochondrial DNA polymerase. (NCI04) 
it is an octanoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of octanoic acid with hexan-1-ol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hexan-1-ol. 
it is the D-enantiomer of allothreonine. It occurs as a component of peptido-lipids in certain bacteria. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-allothreonine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a glycol that is decane bearing two hydroxy substituents located at positions 1 and 2. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant and a human metabolite. It is a glycol and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a decane. 
it is the meso-isomer of lanthionine. It is a key constituent of bacterial peptidoglycan type A51 and A3delta. It is a lanthionine, a L-cysteine derivative and a D-cysteine derivative. 
it is a member of the class of pyrimidobenzodiazepines that is 5,11-dimethylpyrimido[4,5-b][1,4]benzodiazepin-6-one carrying at C-2 on the pyrimidine ring a 4-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)piperidine-1-carbonyl]-2-methoxyanilino substituent. It is an inhibitor of the Parkinson's disease kinase LRRK2. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-acylpiperidine, a N-alkylpiperazine, an aromatic ether, a pyrimidobenzodiazepine, an aromatic amine, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a 1,2-thazole that is 4-isothiazolin-3-one bearing a methyl group on the nitrogen atom. It is a powerful biocide and preservative and is the minor active ingredient in the commercial product Kathon(TM). It has a role as an antifouling biocide, an antimicrobial agent and an antifungal agent. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is suberic (octanedioic) acid bearing an ethyl substituent at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a suberic acid. 
it is a tripeptide consisting of an Ile-Ile-Thr-NH2 sequence N-substituted on the threonamide amidic nitrogen with a (2S)-4-methyl-1-[(2R)-2-methyloxiran-2-yl]-1-oxopentan-2-yl group and with acetyl and methyl groups on the nitrogen of the isoleucine residue distal to the threonamide; a naturally occurring selective proteasome inhibitor with anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor. It is a member of morpholines and a tripeptide. 
it is a colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Denser than water and poorly soluble in water. Hence sinks in water . (USCG, 1999) 
it appears as a fine, white, odorless, powdered solid. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used as a rodenticide. it is an organic sodium salt. It has a role as a rodenticide. It contains a fluoroacetate. 
it is the O-succinyl derivative of L-homoserine. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a hemisuccinate and an it. It is a conjugate acid of an O-succinyl-L-homoserinate(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a sulfone metabolite of sulindac that inhibits cell growth by inducing apoptosis independently of cyclooxygenase inhibition. It inhibits the development and induces regression of premalignant adenomatous polyps. Lipoxygenase and Cox-2 inhibitor. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a sulfone, a monocarboxylic acid and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a sulindac. it is an inactive metabolite of the nonsteroidal, anti-inflammatory agent sulindac. After oral administration, sulindac undergoes extensive biotransformation including irreversible oxidation to it. Approximately, one half of an administered dose of sulindac is eliminated through the urine, mostly as the conjugated sulfone metabolite. (NCI04) 
it is an N-glycosyl in which (8R)-3,6,7,8-tetrahydroimidazo[4,5-d][1,3]diazepin-8-ol is attached to ribofuranose via a beta-N(3)-glycosidic bond. compound The parent of the class of its. It has a role as an EC 3.5.4.4 (adenosine deaminase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Glaucarubolone 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quassinoids. These are a group of compounds chemically degraded from triterpenes. According to their basic skeleton, quassinoids are categorized into five distinct groups, C-18, C-19, C-20, C-22 and C-25 types. The C-20 quassinoids can be further classified into two types, tetracyclic and the pentacyclic. The tetracyclic variety does not have oxygenation at C-20, while the pentacyclic quassinoids possess additional oxygenation at C-20 that allows for the formation of an additional ring. Glaucarubolone 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, glaucarubolone 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, glaucarubolone 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside can be found in fats and oils. This makes glaucarubolone 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a 4-chloro-3-trifluorophenyl group while the other is substituted by a phenyl group which, in turn, is substituted at the para position by a [2-(methylcarbamoyl)pyridin-4-yl]oxy group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, an angiogenesis inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a member of phenylureas. it is a synthetic compound targeting growth signaling and angiogenesis. it blocks the enzyme RAF kinase, a critical component of the RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway that controls cell division and proliferation; in addition, it inhibits the VEGFR-2/PDGFR-beta signaling cascade, thereby blocking tumor angiogenesis. 
it is the phosphate salt form of oleandomycin, a macrolide antibiotic similar to erythromycin with antimicrobial activity. Oleandomycin targets and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes. This prevents translocation of peptidyl tRNA leading to an inhibition of protein synthesis. 
Dethiobiotin is a hexanoic acid having a 5-methyl-2-oxoimidazolidin-4-yl group at the 6-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of ureas and an imidazolidinone. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dethiobiotin(1-) and a (4R,5S)-dethiobiotin(1-). 
it is the trianion resulting from the removal of three protons from phosphonoformic acid. It is a conjugate base of a phosphonoformic acid and a phosphonoformate(2-). 
it is a penicillin. It derives from a carbenicillin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is the phenyl ester of carbenicillin, a broad-spectrum, semisynthetic penicillin derivative with antibacterial activity. Following absorption, carbenicillin phenyl sodium is rapidly hydrolyzed to the active carbenicillin, which binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to a weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing bacterial cell lysis. 
1, 2, 4, 6-Tetrathiepane, also known as rocaglamide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dithioacetals. Dithioacetals are compounds containing a dithioacetal functional group with the general structure R2C(SR')2. 1, 2, 4, 6-Tetrathiepane exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1, 2, 4, 6-tetrathiepane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1, 2, 4, 6-tetrathiepane can be found in mushrooms. This makes 1, 2, 4, 6-tetrathiepane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of guanosine. it decreases HIV viral loads, retards or prevents the damage to the immune system, and reduces the risk of developing AIDS. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of clemizole, an orally bioavailable histamine H1 antagonist, with potential anti-tumor and anti-allergic activities. Upon oral administration, clemizole binds to and blocks the H1 receptor, thereby preventing the interaction between histamine and the H1 receptor and inhibiting H1-mediated signaling. This may inhibit or prevent the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity and rescues or prevents allergic reactions. Although the exact mechanism of action by which clemizole appears to exert its antineoplastic effect is yet to be elucidated, clemizole inhibits the proliferation of certain tumor cell types. 
it is a bicine that is amino acetate in which the nitrogen atom is substituted by 2 (2-hydroxyethyl)- groups. It is a conjugate acid of a [bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]acetate. It is a tautomer of a N,N-bis(2-hydroxyethyl)glycine. 
Xi-2, 5-dihydro-2, 4-dimethylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member unsaturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms. Xi-2, 5-dihydro-2, 4-dimethylthiazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-2, 5-dihydro-2, 4-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-2, 5-dihydro-2, 4-dimethylthiazole can be found in nuts. This makes xi-2, 5-dihydro-2, 4-dimethylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the maleate salt of beta-aminoarteether. Synthetic artemisinin derivative with potent immunosuppressive activity. It has a role as an allergen. It contains a beta-aminoarteether. 
N(6)-(2-Amino-2-carboxyethyl)-L-lysine. An unusual amino acid, not a dipeptide, which has been found in proteins of cooked foods. It is formed in food that is heated or treated with alkali. Has been implicated in nephrocytomegalia in rats. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as harmala alkaloids. Harmala alkaloids are compounds with a structure based on harmaline, harmine, harmalol, harman or a derivative of those parents. These parents are beta-carbolines, consisting of a pyrimidine fused to the pyrrole moiety of an indole to form a pyrido[3, 4-b]indole. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a 18-hydroxy steroid that is corticosterone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 18. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 18-hydroxy steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a corticosterone. 
it is a lipoyl-AMP in which the lipoyl moiety has (R)-configuration. It derives from a (R)-lipoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Bis-hexamethylene triamine appears as a colorless crystalline or flaked solid. Corrosive. Irritating to skin and eyes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make plastics. 
it, also known as fema 2552 or heptyl methanote, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an apple, cucumber, and floral taste. 
it is a N-sulfonylurea in which the sulfonyl group is attached to a 2-(methoxycarbonyl)phenyl group while a (4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl group replaces one of the amino hydrogens of the remaining urea group. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of 1,3,5-triazines, a benzoate ester and a N-sulfonylurea. 
it is the bromide salt form of pyridostigmine, a quaternary ammonium carbamate derivative and a acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. it binds reversibly to acetylcholinesterase active sites in the peripheral nervous system, thereby preventing the breakdown of acetylcholine. This leads to an accumulation of acetylcholine at cholinergic synapses and facilitates transmission of impulses across the neuromuscular junction. Mediated through muscarinic receptors, this agent increases contraction of bronchial and intestinal smooth muscle and the exocrine glands secretions, while it causes paralysis of the skeletal muscles mediated through nicotinic receptors. In addition, pyridostigmine is used as a reversible blocking agent to prevent organophosphates from binding to the acetylcholinesterase receptors and thereby protect the nervous system from the effects of nerve agents such as Soman. 
it is a tetrachlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which the hydrogens at position 3 and 4 on each phenyl group are replaced by chlorines. It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl and a dichlorobenzene. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthofurans. Naphthofurans are compounds containing a furan ring fused to a naphthalene moiety. Furan is a 5 membered- ring aromatic ring with four carbon and one oxygen atoms. Naphthalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon made up of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ambronide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, ambergris, and dry taste. 
it is an organic sulfide that consists of 1,3-benzothiazole-2-thiol in which the hydrogen attached to the sulfur atom is replaced by a 5-[(1E)-3-amino-2-cyano-3-oxoprop-1-en-1-yl]-2-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzyl group. It acts as an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist. It has a role as an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist. It is an enamide, a nitrile, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a member of benzothiazoles, an organic sulfide and a primary carboxamide. It derives from a 1,3-benzothiazole-2-thiol. 
Sodium meclofenamate monohydrate is a hydrate that is the monohydrate of the sodium salt of meclofenamic acid. It is used for the treatment of dysmenorrhoea (painful periods), osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as an analgesic, an anticonvulsant, an antineoplastic agent, an antipyretic, an antirheumatic drug, an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It contains a sodium meclofenamate (anhydrous). Meclofenamate Sodium is the sodium salt form of meclofenamate, an anthranilic acid and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic activities. Meclofenamate sodium inhibits the activity of the enzymes cyclo-oxygenase I and II, resulting in decreased formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes. The resulting decrease in prostaglandin synthesis, by prostaglandin synthase, is responsible for the therapeutic effects of meclofenamate sodium. Meclofenamate sodium also causes a decrease in the formation of thromboxane A2 synthesis, by thromboxane synthase, thereby inhibiting platelet aggregation. 
it, division 1.3C, is a solid or liquid which has a primary hazard of fire and either a blast hazard or a minor projection hazard or both, but not a mass explosion hazard. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat they may explode. 
it appears as a colorless, fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Boiling point 194Â°F. Freezing point -51Â°F. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
An amino alcohol that has been used as a myocardial stimulant and vasodilator and to relieve bronchospasm. Its most common therapeutic use is in orthostatic hypotension. The mechanism of heptaminol's therapeutic actions is not well understood although it has been suggested to affect catecholamine release or calcium metabolism. 
A sulfhydryl reagent which oxidizes sulfhydryl groups to the disulfide form. It is a radiation-sensitizing agent of anoxic bacterial and mammalian cells. 
it is a sulfonic acid derivative obtained by condensaton of methanesulfonic acid with methanethiol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a methanesulfonic acid and a methanethiol. 
it is the sodium salt form of ceftiofur, a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Ceftiofur binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Sulfamethopyrazine is a member of pyrazines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. it is a long-acting sulfonamide antibiotic used for the treatment of chronic bronchitis, urinary tract infections and malaria. 
MN-305 is a novel, potent and highly selective serotonin 5-HT1A receptor agonist under development by MediciNova for the treatment of anxiety disorders beginning with Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD). 
it appears as a pale straw colored liquid. Inhalation may irritate respiratory tract. Vapor or liquid may irritate skin or eyes. Ingestion may irritate the mucous membranes of the gastrointestinal tract. it is a trialkyl phosphate that is the trimethyl ester of phosphoric acid. It has a role as an insect attractant. 
it is a derivative of succinic acid in which one of the carboxy groups is esterified by the C-21 hydroxy group of cortisol (hydrocortisone). It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a hemisuccinate and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a cortisol. it is the synthetic hemisuccinate salt form of hydrocortisone, a corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties. Hydrocortisone acetate initially binds to the cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptor; then the receptor-ligand complex is translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of genes encoding for anti-inflammatory mediators, such as cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the dihexoses. These are disaccharides containing two hexose carbohydrates. This medication is known to target galectin-1, heat-labile enterotoxin b chain, neurocan core protein, and lactose permease. 
A furancarbonitrile that is one of the serotonin uptake inhibitors used as an antidepressant. The drug is also effective in reducing ethanol uptake in alcoholics and is used in depressed patients who also suffer from TARDIVE DYSKINESIA in preference to tricyclic antidepressants, which aggravate dyskinesia. 
Ethylenediamine tetraacetic acid, trisodium salt is an odorless white crystalline powder. pH (1% aqueous solution) 9.3. pH (10% aqueous solution) about 8.3-8.7. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a dihydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of cannabidiolic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It derives from an olivetolate. It is a conjugate base of a cannabidiolic acid. 
Altenusin is a carboxybiphenyl that is [biphenyl]-2-carboxylic acid which is substituted by a hydroxy group at positions 3, 4' and 5', methoxy group at position 5 and a methyl group at position 2'. It is a a metabolite isolated from Alternaria and several other fungal species. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. It is a polyphenol, a carboxybiphenyl, an aromatic ether, a member of hydroxybiphenyls and a member of catechols. 
Obtusifoliol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Obtusifoliol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, obtusifoliol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Obtusifoliol exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, obtusifoliol can be found in a number of food items such as mamey sapote, cloudberry, grapefruit, and bilberry. This makes obtusifoliol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a white crystalline solid with a slight, but pungent odor. Mp: 162Â°C. Practically insoluble in water. Only slightly soluble in organic solvents. Technical it is a wettable light tan powder that is used as a fungicide. Inhaled dust irritates the respiratory tract. Irritates skin and damages eyes. Acute oral toxicity in humans is low. Not persistent in the environment (decomposes with a half-life of 11 days in the soil). Highly toxic to fish and other aquatic organisms. it is a dicarboximide that captan in which the trichloromethyl group is replaced by a 1,1,2,2-tetrachloroethyl group. A broad-spectrum fungicide used to control diseases in fruit and potatoes, it is no longer approved for use in the European Community. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of isoindoles, an organochlorine compound, an organosulfur compound and a phthalimide fungicide. 
it is a docosanoid that is 17(R)-hydroxy-(4Z,7Z,10,12,14,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid in which a glycinyl group is attached at position 16S via a sulfide linkage. An intermediate of specialised proresolving mediators It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a specialised pro-resolving mediator. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a docosanoid, an organic sulfide, a secondary alcohol and a S-substituted L-cysteine. It is a conjugate acid of a 16(S)-cystein-S-yl,17(R)-hydroxy-(4Z,7Z,10,12,14,19Z)-docosahexaenoate(1-). 
it is an organosulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of octyl hydrogen sulfate. Isolated from Daphnia pulex, it induces morphological changes of phytoplankton Scenedesmus gutwinskii. It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite, a kairomone and a marine metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an octyl hydrogen sulfate. 
it is the monohydrate form of doxycycline. A semi-synthetic tetracycline antibiotic, it is used to inhibit bacterial protein synthesis and treat non-gonococcal urethritis and cervicitis, exacerbations of bronchitis in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and adult periodontitis. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a doxycycline. Doxycycline is a synthetic, broad-spectrum tetracycline antibiotic exhibiting antimicrobial activity. Doxycycline binds to the 30S ribosomal subunit, possibly to the 50S ribosomal subunit as well, thereby blocking the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex. This leads to an inhibition of protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid substutited by a hydroxyamino group at position 2. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a member of hydroxylamines. 
it is a ketotriose consisting of acetone bearing hydroxy substituents at positions 1 and 3. The simplest member of the class of ketoses and the parent of the class of glycerones. It has a role as a metabolite, an antifungal agent, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a ketotriose and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a BODIPY dye in which the 4,4-difluoro-4-bora-3a,4a-diaza-s-indacene skeleton is substituted at positions 1, 3, 5, 7, and 8 by methyl groups. It is used as a stain for neutral lipds and as a tracer for oil and other nonpolar lipids. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is linalool bearing an oxo substituent at position 8. It is a monoterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and an enal. 
it. A coenzyme composed of ribosylnicotinamide 5'-phosphate (NMN) coupled by pyrophosphate linkage to the 5'-phosphate adenosine 2',5'-bisphosphate. It serves as an electron carrier in a number of reactions, being alternately oxidized (NADP+) and reduced (NADPH). (Dorland, 27th ed) 
A triphenyl ethylene stilbene derivative which is an estrogen agonist or antagonist depending on the target tissue. Clomiphene is a triphenylethylene nonsteroidal ovulatory stimulant evaluated for antineoplastic activity against breast cancer. Clomiphene has both estrogenic and anti-estrogenic activities that compete with estrogen for binding at estrogen receptor sites in target tissues. This agent causes the release of the pituitary gonadotropins follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), leading to ovulation. (NCI04) 
it is a sterol ester. It derives from a 3-cyclopentylpropionic acid and a testosterone. it is an eight-carbon ester form of Testosterone. The number of ester carbon atoms correlate with the half-life of the prodrug. Testosterone inhibits gonadotropin secretion from the pituitary gland and ablates estrogen production in the ovaries, thereby decreasing endogenous estrogen levels. In addition, this agent promotes the maintenance of male sex characteristics and is indicated for testosterone replacement in hypogonadal males. (NCI04) 
Acid red 44 is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 7-hydroxy-8-[(naphthalen-1-yl)diazenyl]naphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a 7-hydroxy-8-[(naphthalen-1-yl)diazenyl]naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate. 
it is the 4-nitroanilide of N-benzoyl-D-arginine. It is a C-nitro compound, a secondary carboxamide and a member of N-benzoyl-D-arginines. It is a conjugate base of a N-benzoyl-D-argininium-4-nitroanilide(1+). 
Fustin is a dihydroflavonol that is the 2,3-dihydro derivative of fisetin. It has a role as an antiviral agent and a plant metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a member of dihydroflavonols, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a fisetin. 
N-(p-hydroxyphenyl)glycine is a phenol that is the N-(4-hydroxyphenyl) derivative of glycine. Synthesised by reaction of p-aminophenol with chloracetic acid, it is used as a photographic developing agent. It has a role as an allergen. It is a glycine derivative, a member of phenols and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it, also known as dmpse or PS(28:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phosphatidylserines. These are glycerophosphoserines in which two fatty acids are bonded to the glycerol moiety through ester linkages. As is the case with diacylglycerols, phosphatidylserines can have many different combinations of fatty acids of varying lengths and saturation attached to the C-1 and C-2 positions. Thus, it is considered to be a glycerophosphoserine lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and intracellular membrane. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be converted into PE(14:0/14:0) through its interaction with the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Furthermore, Choline and it can be biosynthesized from PC(14:0/14:0) and L-serine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme phosphatidylserine synthase. Furthermore, it can be biosynthesized from lyso-PS(14:0/0:0) through its interaction with the enzyme ALE1P acyltransferase. Finally, it can be biosynthesized from lyso-PS(0:0/14:0); which is mediated by the enzyme ALE1P acyltransferase. In humans, it is involved in phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis PC(14:0/14:0) pathway and phosphatidylethanolamine biosynthesis pe(14:0/14:0) pathway. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid or powder. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Very toxic by ingestion or inhalation. Fire hazard when in contact with organic materials and may explode when heated above 300Â°F. Used as a corrosion inhibitor and to manufacture other chemicals. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of two L-alanine units linked to two L-aspartic acid units by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine and a L-aspartic acid. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by condensation of the carboxy group of pentadecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of methanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a pentadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of acetamides that is acetamide in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 9H-fluoren-4-yl group. It has a role as a mitogen. It is a member of acetamides and a member of fluorenes. 
A pharmaceutical preparation of the ANTI-HIV AGENTS elvitegravir, cobicistat, emtricitabine, and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate that is used in the treatment of HIV INFECTIONS. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside resultng from the oxidation of the benzylic hydroxy group of salicin to the corresponding aldehyde. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of benzaldehydes, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a salicylaldehyde and a salicin. 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is the 3'-O-methyl derivative of myricetin. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pentahydroxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone, a member of 3'-methoxyflavones and a 5'-hydroxy-3'-methoxyflavone. It derives from a myricetin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colorectal Cancer, Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. 
Isopentenyl alcohol is a primary alcohol having the structure of isopentyl alcohol but with a double bond between C-3 and one of the C-4 atoms. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and a homoallylic alcohol. 
it is a methoxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by a methoxy group at position 6 and hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' respectively. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones and a methoxyisoflavone. It derives from an isoflavone. 
19-hydroxy-5alpha-dihydrotestosterone is an androstanoid that is 5alpha-dihydrotestosterone carrying an additional hydroxy susbstituent at position 19. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a 19-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid, an androstanoid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-hydroxy-5alpha-androstan-3-one. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. 
it is a glycopeptide that is vancomycin substituted at position N-3'' by a 2-(decylamino)ethyl group and at position C-29 by a (phosphonomethyl)aminomethyl group. Used as its hydrochloride salt for treatment of adults with complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by bacteria. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. It derives from a vancomycin. 
it (anhydrous) is a lithium salt that is the anhydrous form of the trilithium salt of citric acid. The tetrahydrate form is used as a source of lithium for the treatment of anxiety disorders, bipolar disorder, and depression. It contains a citrate(3-). it is the citrate salt of lithium, a monovalent cation with antimanic activity. Although the exact mechanism is unclear, lithium might exert its mood-stabilizing effect via reduction of catecholamine concentration mediated through transneuronal membrane transport of sodium ion by sodium-potassium-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase (Na-K-ATPase). Alternatively, lithium may decrease cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) concentrations, which would desensitize hormonal-sensitive adenylyl cyclase receptors. Furthermore, lithium, in recommended dosage, blocks the activity of inositol-1-phosphatase, thereby resulting in the subsequent decrease of postsynaptic second messengers, diacylglycerol and inositol triphosphate, that contribute to chronic cell stimulation by altering electrical activity in the neuron. 
2, 4, 6-Trimethylbenzaldehyde, also known as 2-mesitylenecarboxaldehyde or b-isodural, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). 2, 4, 6-Trimethylbenzaldehyde exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 4, 6-trimethylbenzaldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 4, 6-trimethylbenzaldehyde can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 4, 6-trimethylbenzaldehyde a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as an oily liquid with an unpleasant odor. Toxic by ingestion and skin absorption. Used as a depilatory and in hair waving preparations. 
it is an olefinic compound that is hept-5-en-1-ol substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a fatty acid anion 18:0 that is the conjugate base of octadecanoic acid (stearic acid). its have a variety of uses in the pharmaceutical industry. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 18:0 and a 2-saturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an octadecanoic acid. 
it is a bright yellow powder. Considerable change and tendency to sublime when heated to melting point. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a beta-alanine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of beta-alanine with the primary amino group of histamine. It has a role as a crustacean metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a beta-alanine derivative, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of imidazoles. It derives from a histamine. 
it is a trivalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of all three protons from phosphorous acid. It is a trivalent inorganic anion and a it. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenit. 
it is an odorless white to light tan solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is benzoic acid with a hydroxy group at the ortho position. It is obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antifungal agent, a keratolytic drug, an EC 1.11.1.11 (L-ascorbate peroxidase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite, an algal metabolite and a plant hormone. It is a conjugate acid of a salicylate. it is a beta hydroxy acid that occurs as a natural compound in plants. It has direct activity as an anti-inflammatory agent and acts as a topical antibacterial agent due to its ability to promote exfoliation. 
Argatroban, also known as acova or mpqa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Argatroban is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Argatroban has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, argatroban is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). In humans, argatroban is involved in the argatroban action pathway. 
it is a gamma-amino acid that is gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) carrying an isobutyl substitutent at the beta-position (the S-enantiomer). Binds with high affinity to the alpha2-delta site (an auxiliary subunit of voltage-gated calcium channels) in central nervous system tissues. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a calcium channel blocker. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyric acid. it is a 3-isobutyl derivative of gamma-amino butyric acid (GABA) with anti-convulsant, anti-epileptic, anxiolytic, and analgesic activities. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, it selectively binds to alpha2delta (A2D) subunits of presynaptic voltage-dependent calcium channels (VDCCs) located in the central nervous system (CNS). Binding of it to VDCC A2D subunits prevents calcium influx and the subsequent calcium-dependent release of various neurotransmitters, including glutamate, norepinephrine, serotonin, dopamine, and substance P, from the presynaptic nerve terminals of hyperexcited neurons; synaptic transmission is inhibited and neuronal excitability is diminished. it does not bind directly to GABA-A or GABA-B receptors and does not alter GABA uptake or degradation. 
4, 4-Dimethoxy-2-butanone, also known as 3-oxobutanal dimethyl acetal or fema 3381, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. 4, 4-Dimethoxy-2-butanone is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4, 4-dimethoxy-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4, 4-Dimethoxy-2-butanone has an alcoholic, bitter, and ethereal taste. 
it is trianion of 3-phosphoshikimic acid arising from deprotonation of the phosphate and carboxy groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from a shikimate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-phosphoshikimic acid. 
it is a nonabsorbed bile acid sequestrant that is used a therapy of hyperlipidemia and for the pruritus of chronic liver disease and biliary obstruction. it has not been associated with clinically apparent liver injury. it Hydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt form of it, a non-absorbed polymer that binds bile acids in the intestine and lowers serum lipids. 
Isopropyl acid phosphate is a white crystalline solid. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. it is monophosphorylated isopropyl alcohol. It has a role as a phosphoantigen. 
Octahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one, also known as 1, 3, 7, 7-tetramethyl-2-oxabicyclo[4. 4. 0]decan-9-one or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a pyran ring. Pyran a six-membered heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring, made up of five carbon atoms and one oxygen atom and containing two double bonds. Octahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, octahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, octahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one can be found in fruits. This makes octahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 1,3-thiazolium cation that is 5-(2-hydroxyethyl)-4-methyl-1,3-thiazole alkylated at the N3 position by a (2-methyl-4-oxo-1,4-dihydropyrimidin-5-yl)methyl group. It has a role as an antimetabolite and a vitamin B1 antagonist. 
it is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of (S)-atropine arising from protonation of the tertiary amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-atropine. 
it is an alanine derivative obtained by replacement of one of the methyl hydrogens of alanine by a dimethylamino group. It is an alanine derivative, a leucine derivative, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is octadecanoic (stearic) acid bearing a methyl substituent at position 2. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methyloctadecanoate. 
it is a Radioactive Therapeutic Agent. The mechanism of action of chromic phosphate p-32 is as a Radiopharmaceutical Activity. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a bisdioxopiperazine with iron-chelating, chemoprotective, cardioprotective, and antineoplastic activities. After hydrolysis to an active form that is similar to ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA), dexrazoxane chelates iron, limiting the formation of free radical-generating anthracycline-iron complexes, which may minimize anthracycline-iron complex-mediated oxidative damage to cardiac and soft tissues. This agent also inhibits the catalytic activity of topoisomerase II, which may result in tumor cell growth inhibition. 
it is a cyanine dye and an organic potassium salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a NIR-3(2-). 
it is a member of the class of carbazoles that is 2,3,4,9-tetrahydro-1H-carbazole which is substituted at position 1 by an aminocarbohyl group and at position 6 by a chlorine. It is a member of carbazoles, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. it is both rapidly metabolized and eliminated via urine and faeces after oral and i.v. administration, thereby preventing adverse hypoglycemic effects. 
it appears as yellow crystals melting at15Â°C. Hence often encountered as a light yellow liquid with a weak sour odor. Vapor has a green color and burns with a violet flame. it is the dialdehyde that is the smallest possible and which consists of ethane having oxo groups on both carbons. It has a role as a pesticide, an agrochemical and an allergen. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(4S, 6S)-3, 4, 5, 6-Tetrahydro-4-hydroxy-6-methyl-2H-pyran-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety (4S, 6S)-3, 4, 5, 6-Tetrahydro-4-hydroxy-6-methyl-2H-pyran-2-one exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (4S, 6S)-3, 4, 5, 6-tetrahydro-4-hydroxy-6-methyl-2H-pyran-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (4S, 6S)-3, 4, 5, 6-tetrahydro-4-hydroxy-6-methyl-2H-pyran-2-one can be found in root vegetables. This makes (4S, 6S)-3, 4, 5, 6-tetrahydro-4-hydroxy-6-methyl-2H-pyran-2-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is benzenesulfonic acid substituted by an undecyl group at position 4. It has a role as a surfactant. 
it (Doptelet), is an orally administered, small-molecule thrombopoietin receptor (c-Mpl) agonist which increases platelet number, but not platelet activation,.  This decreases the need for blood transfusions.   Patients with thrombocytopenia and chronic liver disease (leading to thrombocytopenia) often require platelet transfusions before surgical procedures to decrease the risk of bleeding. Thrombocytopenia (or decreased numbers of platelets) is a common complication in patients suffering from chronic liver disease, either as an immediate result of liver disease or a consequence of interferon-based antiviral therapy.    it was approved by the FDA on May 21, 2018 for thrombocytopenia (low platelets) in adults with chronic liver disease who are scheduled to undergo a procedure. It is administered orally as it maleate, its salt form.    Doptelet (it) is the first orally administered treatment option for patients with chronic liver disease,  allowing a large population of patients to avoid a platelet transfusion before a procedure by increasing platelet counts to the optimal level of greater or equal to 50,000 per microliter. it is an orally available platelet thrombopoietin receptor (TPOR; MPL) agonist, with potential megakaryopoiesis stimulating activity. Upon administration, it binds to and stimulates TPOR, which may lead to the proliferation and differentiation of megakaryocytes from bone marrow progenitor cells. This increases the production of platelets and may prevent chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia (CIT). TPOR is a cytokine receptor and member of the hematopoietin receptor superfamily. 
it, also known as P-mppa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a piperidinecarboxylate ester that is the ethyl ester of difenoxin. It has a role as an antidiarrhoeal drug. It is a nitrile, a piperidinecarboxylate ester, a tertiary amine and an ethyl ester. It derives from a difenoxin. it is a piperidine derivate, chemically related to narcotic meperidine with antidiarrheal activity and devoid of central nervous system (CNS) activity. it acts on opioid receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, thereby decreasing gastrointestinal motility and causing constipation or preventing diarrhea. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of nitric acid and triethanolamine. It has a role as a protic solvent. It is an organoammonium salt and an ionic liquid. It contains a nitrate. 
1,2-it is a it in which both acyl groups are specified as octadec-9-enoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. 
Amodiaquine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of amodiaquine, an orally active 4-aminoquinoline derivative with antimalarial and anti-inflammatory properties. Similar in structure and activity to chloroquine, amodiaquine is effective against some chloroquine-resistant strains, particularly Plasmodium falciparum, the most deadly malaria parasite. Although the mechanism of plasmodicidal action has not been fully elucidated, like other quinoline derivatives, amodiaquine likely is able to inhibit heme polymerase activity in the body. This results in accumulation of free heme, which is toxic to the parasites. 
it is an amino pentasaccharide consisting of beta-D-galactose at the reducing end having a beta-D-glucosyl residue at the 4-position and an N-acetyl-alpha-neuraminyl-(2->3)-beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosyl moiety at the 3-position. It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
A closely related group of toxic substances elaborated by various strains of Streptomyces. They are 26-membered macrolides with lactone moieties and double bonds and inhibit various ATPases, causing uncoupling of phosphorylation from mitochondrial respiration. Used as tools in cytochemistry. Some specific it are RUTAMYCIN, peliomycin, and botrycidin (formerly venturicidin X). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isobenzofurans. These are organic aromatic compounds containing an isobenzofuran moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a polyene antifungal antibiotic produced by Streptomyces nodosus, with antifungal activity. it binds to ergosterol, an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, thereby causing depolarization of the membrane and altering cell membrane permeability. This leads to leakage of important intracellular components, cell rupture, and eventually cell death. This agent may also induce oxidative damage in fungal cells and has been reported to stimulate host immune cells. 
it is an indole alkaloid fundamental parent, a quinoline alkaloid fundamental parent, a quinoline alkaloid, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and an organic heteroheptacyclic compound. 
it is a straight-chain alkane carrying 18 carbon atoms. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of pyridazines, a secondary amine and a member of morpholines. It has a role as an antidepressant, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a dopamine uptake inhibitor, a cholinergic drug and an antiparkinson drug. 
3-(indol-3-yl)lactic acid is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is lactic acid substituted by a 1H-indol-3-yl group at position 3. It is a metabolite of tryptophan. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(indol-3-yl)lactate. 
it appears as a colorless liquid derived from coal tar. Fp: -2Â°C; bp:182Â°C. Density 0.997 g cm-3. Insoluble in water but soluble in organic solvents. it is an ortho-fused bicyclic arene comprising of benzene and cyclopentene rings. It is an ortho-fused bicyclic arene and an it. 
it is an organic cation consisting of three methyl groups covalently bound to a central selenium atom. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a dimethylselenide. 
it is a myo-inositol monophosphate. It has a role as an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
Dichloroanilines appears as an amber to brown crystalline solid. Shipped as a solid or in a liquid carrier. Insoluble in water. It is toxic by skin absorption and by inhalation. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used in the manufacture of dyes and pesticides. 
it is a glycodihydroceramide having an alpha-D-galacturonic acid residue at the O-1 position and a tetradecanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. It has a role as an epitope and an antigen. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid that is arachidic (icosanoic) acid substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from an icosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyarachidate. 
it appears as a yellow-colored liquid. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Vapors are much heavier than air. Irritates skin and eyes. May be toxic by ingestion or inhalation. Used to make other chemicals. 
it(2-) is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of oxalic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an it and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of an it(1-). 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found throughout most human tissues. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a naturally occurring polysaccharide composed of beta-1,4-linked glucosamine residues with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it may, through a not yet fully elucidated mechanism, reduce advanced glycation end product (AGE) levels. This may reduce the interaction between AGEs and the receptor for advanced glycation end products (RAGE, AGER), which is overexpressed in some tumor types and is associated with poor patient outcomes. AGE-RAGE interaction may induce the phosphorylation and subsequent degradation of retinoblastoma protein (Rb), a key cell cycle inhibitor and tumor suppressor, through the phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (PKB, Akt) signaling pathway. Hyperphosphorylation of Rb leads to the dissociation of the Rb-E2F complex, which triggers the activation of genes required for G1/S transition and tumorigenesis. Reducing AGE levels may limit AGE-RAGE interaction and normalize the G1 to S-phase transition, potentially reducing the development and progression of certain cancers. AGEs are non-enzymatic protein modifications produced during the normal aging process that have been shown to play a role in the development and progression of some cancers. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is salicylic acid in which the hydrogens ortho- and para- to the carboxy group are replaced by a pentyl and a hydroxy group, respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of benzoic acids, a member of resorcinols and a polyketide. It derives from an olivetol. It is a conjugate acid of an olivetolate. 
it is the (2Z)-stereoisomer of 3,7-dimethylocta-2,6-dien-1-ol. It has been isolated from the essential oils from plants like lemon grass. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite and a fragrance. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by methyl groups at positions 6 and 8, hydroxy groups at positions 5, 2' and 5' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy residue at position 7. Isolated from the leaves of Myrcia multiflora, it exhibits inhibitory activity against alpha-glucosidase and aldose reductase. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor. It is a trihydroxyflavanone, a flavanone glycoside, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. 
IDP is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate having inosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate and an inosine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an IDP(3-). 
[2, 2-Bis(2-methylpropoxy)ethyl]benzene, also known as it or 1, 1-diisobutoxy-2-phenylethane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. [2, 2-Bis(2-methylpropoxy)ethyl]benzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, [2, 2-bis(2-methylpropoxy)ethyl]benzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). [2, 2-Bis(2-methylpropoxy)ethyl]benzene has a sweet, almond, and cortex taste. 
it is a member of the class of psoralens that is psoralen substituted by a prenyloxy group at position 8. Isolated from Angelica dahurica and Angelica koreana, it acts as a acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and a metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hopanoids. These are terpenoids containing hopane skeleton(A'-Neogammacerane), a pentacyclic structure with four cyclohexane rings and one cyclopentane ring (and often, a side chain emerging from C30). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the D-enantiomer of 2-aminohexanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-norleucine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 4 and 5, a methoxy group at position 7 and a methyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from Chaetomium globosum and other fungal species. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a Chaetomium metabolite. It is an aromatic ether and a trihydroxyanthraquinone. 
it is a competitive muscarinic receptor antagonist with muscle relaxant and urinary antispasmodic properties. it is rapidly hydrolyzed in vivo into its active metabolite 5-hydroxy methyl tolterodine, which binds and inhibits muscarinic receptors on the bladder detrusor muscle, thereby preventing bladder contractions or spasms caused by acetylcholine. This results in the relaxation of bladder smooth muscle and greater bladder capacity, in addition to a reduction in involuntary muscle contractions and involuntary loss of urine. The active metabolite does not interact with alpha-adrenergic, serotonergic, histaminergic and excitatory amino acid receptors and is eliminated via renal excretion. 
it is a xylonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. It is an enantiomer of a D-xylonic acid. 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax species that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 6alpha, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy group at position 20 has been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranoside, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an apoptosis inhibitor. It is a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucoside, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a 6alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid; the L-isomer of it. It has a role as a micronutrient, a nutraceutical, an anticonvulsant, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aspartate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-lysinium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a L-lysinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is one of nine essential amino acids in humans required for growth and tissue repair, it is supplied by many foods, especially red meats, fish, and dairy products. it seems to be active against herpes simplex viruses and present in many forms of diet supplements. The mechanism underlying this effect is based on the viral need for amino acid arginine; it competes with arginine for absorption and entry into cells. it inhibits HSV growth by knocking out arginine. (NCI04) it is a nutritional supplement containing the biologically active L-isomer of the essential amino acid it, with potential anti-mucositis activity. Upon oral intake, it promotes healthy tissue function, growth and healing and improves the immune system. it promotes calcium uptake, is essential for carnitine production and collagen formation. As collagen is essential for connective tissue maintenance, this agent may also help heal mucosal wounds. This may help decrease and prevent mucositis induced by radiation or chemotherapy. 
it appears as white, odorless powder or colorless crystals. Practically insoluble in water. Occurs extensive in rocks world-wide. Ground it (CAS: 1317-65-3) results directly from the mining of it. The extraction process keeps the carbonate very close to its original state of purity and delivers a finely ground product either in dry or slurry form. Precipitated it (CAS: it) is produced industrially by the decomposition of it to calcium oxide followed by subsequent recarbonization or as a by-product of the Solvay process (which is used to make sodium carbonate). Precipitated it is purer than ground it and has different (and tailorable) handling properties. it is a calcium salt with formula CCaO3. It has a role as an antacid, a food colouring, a food firming agent and a fertilizer. It is a calcium salt, a carbonate salt and a one-carbon compound. Calcium Carbonate is the carbonic salt of calcium (CaCO3). it is used therapeutically as a phosphate buffer in hemodialysis, as an antacid in gastric hyperacidity for temporary relief of indigestion and heartburn, and as a calcium supplement for preventing and treating osteoporosis. (NCI04) 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an epsilon-amino acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
3-Acetoxyscirpene-4, 15-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. 3-Acetoxyscirpene-4, 15-diol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-acetoxyscirpene-4, 15-diol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-Acetoxyscirpene-4, 15-diol is a potentially toxic compound. 
it appears as colorless, odorless, very bitter crystals or white crystalline powder. Has been used as a tonic and stimulant in veterinary medicine. Registered as a rodenticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons. These are aliphatic Hydrocarbons that contains one or more unsaturated carbon atoms. These compounds contain one or more double or triple bonds. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in green vegetables. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A non-essential amino acid naturally occurring in the L-form. Glutamic acid is the most common excitatory neurotransmitter in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. 
it is an optically active form of 2-aminoadipic acid having D-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-2-aminoadipic acid. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is adipic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is replaced by an amino group. It is a beta-amino acid, an amino dicarboxylic acid and a gamma-amino acid. It derives from an adipic acid. 
Tenuazonic acid is a member of the class of pyrrolidin-2-ones that is 5-(butan-2-yl)pyrrolidine-2,4-dione carrying an additional acetyl group at position 3. A mycotoxin produced by various plant pathogenic fungi. It has a role as a mycotoxin, a human urinary metabolite and a protein synthesis inhibitor. It is a methyl ketone, a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones and a beta-diketone. It is a conjugate acid of a tenuazonic acid(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl carnitines. These are organic compounds containing a fatty acid with the carboxylic acid attached to carnitine through an ester bond. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as blood and urine. Within the cell, isobutyrylcarnitine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
1-(2, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)-1-butanone, also known as 2', 4', 5'-trihydroxybutyrophenone or 5, 6, 7, 8-erythro-tetrahydrobiopterin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 1-(2, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)-1-butanone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-(2, 4, 5-trihydroxyphenyl)-1-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester that is the monoethyl ester of 2-{2-[(carboxymethyl)sulfanyl]ethyl}-1,3-thiazolidine-4-carboxylic acid. A mucolytic used in the treatment of chronic bronchopneumopathies and related conditions. It has a role as a mucolytic. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid and an aliphatic sulfide. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is nonane with two carboxylic acid groups at positions C-1 and C-9. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it anion. 
Amikacin Sulfate is the sulfate salt of amikacin, a broad-spectrum semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic, derived from kanamycin with antimicrobial property. Amikacin irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, specifically in contact with 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex and misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. This agent is usually used in short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria. 
it appears as a yellow crystalline solid high explosive. Toxic by ingestion and skin absorption. A skin irritant. Will explode if heated above 370Â°F. Used as a detonating explosive. The primary hazard is the blast of an instantaneous explosion and not flying projectiles and fragments. it is a it that is methylamine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a nitro group while the other is substituted by a 2,4,6-trinitrophenyl group. A yellow crystalline powder, it is a high explosive, capable of being detonated by friction, shock, or a spark. It has a role as an explosive. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 2,3-dihydro-9H-[1,4]dioxino[2,3-h]chromen-9-one substituted by 4-hydroxy-3-methoxy phenyl group at position 3, a hydroxymethyl group at position 2 and a methoxy group at position 5 (the 2R,3R stereoisomer). It exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a delta-lactone, an aromatic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a member of phenols and a primary alcohol. 
it is an azaarene that is anthracene in which the carbon atoms at positions 9 and 10 are replaced by nitrogen atoms. It is a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent, a heteranthrene, a polycyclic heteroarene, a member of its and an azaarene. 
it is a UDP-D-galactofuranose in which the anomeric centre of the galactofuranose moiety has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a pro-drug ester of [DB00783], a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol benzoate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERÎ± and ERÎ² subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.  Estradiol is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17Î²-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen.  it is not currently available in any commercially available products in Canada or the US. 
it is a member of pyrrolidines, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor, an agrochemical and a herbicide. 
it, also known as metorphamide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an S-alkylsulfenic acid in which the alkyl group is specified as methyl. It is a one-carbon compound and a S-alkylsulfenic acid. 
it appears as white crystals with a slight odor. Used as an insecticide. Not sold in the USA or Canada. (EPA, 1998) 
(E)-hexadec-2-enoic acid is a it having a trans-double bond at the 2-position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a it and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an (E)-hexadec-2-enoate. 
it is a dipeptide that is the N-(L-phenylalanyl) derivative of L-serine. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-phenylalanine and a L-serine. 
1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-9-aminoacridine hydrochloride monohydrate appears as yellow needles (from concentrated hydrochloric acid); white powder. pH of 1.5% solution: 4.5-6. Bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of tacrine, an aminoacridine derivative with cognitive stimulating property. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it may bind reversibly to cholinesterase, acetylcholinesterase as well as butyrylcholinesterase, thereby decreasing the breakdown of acetylcholine, and prolonging synaptic actions as well as increased release of acetylcholine. In addition, this agent inhibits monoamine oxidase (MAO) and may inhibit the reuptake of catecholamines and serotonin. Finally, a novel mechanism of action studied in animal models suggests tacrine to attenuate the production of interleukin-1beta in the hippocampus and blood, thereby producing central and peripheral anti-inflammatory effects that may play a role in Alzheimer's disease. 
it is the 5'-selenonooxyphosphate ester of adenosine. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It contains a selenono group. It derives from an adenosine. 
it is a nitro-dihydro-imidazooxazole derivative, with antimycobacterial activity. Upon oral administration, it, a prodrug, is activated via the mycobacterial F420 coenzyme system to form a reactive intermediate metabolite that inhibits the synthesis of the mycobacterial cell wall components methoxy-mycolic and keto-mycolic acid. This leads to the depletion of these cell wall components and destruction of mycobacteria. 
it is a straight chain alkane containing 23 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it is an acetylenic compound that is 5-nonyne carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 3. It is a secondary alcohol and an acetylenic compound. 
it is a tetrahydropterin that is 2-amino-5,6,7,8-tetrahydropteridin-4(3H)-one substituted by a 2-oxopropanoyl group at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tetrahydropterin and a member of biopterins. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is methyl 9H-xanthene-1-carboxylate substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 8, a methyl group at position 6 and an oxo group at position 9. It has been isolated from Aspergillus sydowii. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a carboxylic ester and a polyphenol. 
it is a colorless to light yellow liquid with an odor of cedar wood. In very dilute alcoholic solution the odor resembles odor of violets. Used in perfumery. it is an ionone that is but-3-en-2-one substituted by a 2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-1-en-1-yl group at position 4. It has a role as an antioxidant and a fragrance. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is thiophene substituted at C-2 by benzoyl and at C-4 by a 1-carboxyethyl group. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a drug allergen. It is a member of thiophenes, a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a hex-3-en-1-ol in which the double bond adopts a Z-configuration. Also known as it, it is emitted by green plants upon mechanical damage. Used as a flavourant in tea. It has a role as an insect attractant, a plant metabolite and a fragrance. 
A water-soluble vitamin of the B complex occurring in various animal and plant tissues. It is required by the body for the formation of coenzymes NAD and NADP. It has PELLAGRA-curative, vasodilating, and antilipemic properties. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzofurans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a furan. Furan is a five-membered aromatic ring with four carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-prenylated isoflavanones. These are isoflavanones featuring a C5-isoprenoid unit at the 6-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as fema 2645, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a bergamot, fresh, and lily tasting compound that can be found in ginger and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
N-methyl urea is a member of the class of ureas that is urea substituted by a methyl group at one of the nitrogen atoms. 
Losoxantrone Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of losoxantrone, an anthrapyrazole-based antineoplastic antibiotic. Losoxantrone intercalates into DNA, induces single- and double-stranded DNA breaks and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair as well as RNA and protein synthesis. Losoxantrone is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin. 
3-(3, 5-Dimethoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. 3-(3, 5-Dimethoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
209 chlorinated diphenyl oxides existed when all possible isomers are counted. The chemical formulas of these substances range from C12H9OCl to C12OCl10. The compounds are generally waxy solids or liquids, but appearance, odor and other properties vary. The compound hexachlorodiphenyl oxide C12H4OCl6 is taken to represent this group by OHSA (http://www.osha.gov/dts/chemicalsampling/data/CH_226400.html)  Used in the manufacture of flame-inhibiting polymers, as corrosion inhibitors, dry-cleaning detergents, thermal lubricants, additives for soaps and lotions, and in the manufacture of hydraulic fluids, pesticides, wood preservatives, and electric insulators. 
it, also known as it or phenethylidene-malononitrile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(isothiocyanatomethyl)-4-methoxybenzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1-(isothiocyanatomethyl)-4-methoxybenzene can be found in green vegetables. This makes 1-(isothiocyanatomethyl)-4-methoxybenzene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
3b, 18b-3-Methoxy-11-oxo-12-oleanen-30-Oic acid, also known as methyl 18-beta-glycyrrhetate or 18-beta-glycyrrhetinic acid methylester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. 3b, 18b-3-Methoxy-11-oxo-12-oleanen-30-Oic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3b, 18b-3-methoxy-11-oxo-12-oleanen-30-Oic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3b, 18b-3-methoxy-11-oxo-12-oleanen-30-Oic acid can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 3b, 18b-3-methoxy-11-oxo-12-oleanen-30-Oic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is pheniramine in which the hydrogen at position 4 of the phenyl substituent is substituted by bromine. A histamine H1 receptor antagonist, it is used (commonly as its maleate salt) for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions, including rhinitis and conjunctivitis. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. It is a member of pyridines and an organobromine compound. 
it is a catechin that is a flavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 3', 4', 5, 5' and 7 (the trans isomaer). It is isolated from Acacia mearnsii. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a catechin and a flavan-3,3',4',5,5',7-hexol. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-leucine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-leucine. 
it is the sodium salt form of sulbactam, a beta-lactam with weak antibacterial property. it contains a beta-lactam ring and irreversibly binds to beta-lactamase at or near its active site, thereby blocking enzyme activity and preventing metabolism of other beta-lactam antibiotics. Combining this agent with a beta-lactamase sensitive antibiotic such as penicillins and cephalosporins against penicillinase-producing and beta-lactamase-producing organisms, results in a decreased turnover rate of the sensitive antibiotic and enhances its antibacterial property. 
it is a tetramethoxyflavone that is tangeretin in which the methoxy group at position 5 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a monohydroxyflavone. It derives from a tangeretin. 
it is a semisynthetic opioid of formula C18H21NO4 that is derived from thebaine. It is a moderately potent opioid analgesic, generally used for relief of moderate to severe pain. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist and an antitussive. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from a thebaine. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. it is a semi-synthetic, morphine-like opioid alkaloid with analgesic activity. it exerts its analgesic activity by binding to the mu-receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby mimicking the effects of endogenous opioids. Binding of the opiate receptor stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex and inhibits adenylate cyclase, thereby preventing cAMP production. Subsequently, the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters, such as substance P, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), dopamine, acetylcholine, and noradrenaline, is inhibited. it also inhibits the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin, and glucagon. In addition, it closes N-type voltage-gated calcium channels and opens G-protein-coupled inwardly rectifying potassium channels resulting in hyperpolarization and reduction of neuronal excitability. 
Diquat is a yellow crystalline solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. It is a water emulsifiable liquid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. It is used as a herbicide. 
it is the monohydrate form of ciprofloxacin monohydrochloride. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an antibacterial drug, a topoisomerase IV inhibitor and an antiinfective agent. It contains a ciprofloxacin hydrochloride (anhydrous). Ciprofloxacin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of ciprofloxacin, a fluoroquinolone related to nalidixic acid with antibacterial activity. Ciprofloxacin hydrochloride exerts its bactericidal effect by interfering with the bacterial DNA gyrase, thereby inhibiting the DNA synthesis and preventing bacterial cell growth. 
its a toxic anthracycline antibiotic that is produced by Actinomadura carminata and also has potent antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is an anthracycline antibiotic, an aminoglycoside antibiotic, a member of tetracenequinones, a member of p-quinones and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. it is an anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Actinomadura carminata. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. 
it is an alkaloid that is the 6,8beta-dimethyl derivative of ergoline. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 
it is a straight-chain alkane with 27 carbon atoms. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. 
Ac-Asp-Glu-Val-Asp-H is a tetrapeptide consisting of two L-aspartic acid residues, an L-glutamyl residue and an L-valine residue with an acetyl group at the N-terminal and with the C-terminal carboxy group reduced to an aldehyde. It is an inhibitor of caspase-3/7. It has a role as a protease inhibitor. 
it is an indolyl carboxylate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of indole-3-carboxylic acid with the hydroxy group of tropine. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, an antiemetic, a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist, a trypanocidal drug, an immunomodulator, a neuroprotective agent, an apoptosis inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is an indolyl carboxylate ester, an azabicycloalkane and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from an indole-3-carboxylic acid and a tropine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an indole derivative with antiemetic activity. As a selective serotonin receptor antagonist, it competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5HT3 receptors, resulting in suppression of chemotherapy-and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole that is substituted at positions 1, 3, 4, and 5 by 2,6-dichloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl, cyano, (trifluoromethyl)sulfanyl, and amino groups, respectively. It is a metabolite of the agrochemical fipronil. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of pyrazoles, a dichlorobenzene, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an organic sulfide and a nitrile. 
it is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having cytosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a cytidine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a cytidine 5'-monophosphate(2-). 
3-amino-5-morpholinomethyl-2-oxazolidinone is a member of the class of oxazolidinones that is 3-amino-1,3-oxazolidin-2-one substituted by a morpholin-4-ylmethyl group at position 5. It is the metabolite of furaltadone, a broad-spectrum antibacterial drug which was widely used as an additive in livestock and aquaculture feed. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is an oxazolidinone and a member of morpholines. 
it, also known as 3-O-(4-O-methylgalloyl)epigallocatechin or 4''-O-methylepigallocatechin 3-O-gallate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechin gallates. These are organic compounds containing a gallate moiety glycosidically linked to a catechin it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, (-)-epigallocatechin 3-(4-methyl-gallate) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (-)-epigallocatechin 3-(4-methyl-gallate) can be found in tea. This makes (-)-epigallocatechin 3-(4-methyl-gallate) a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Fe(CO)2(CN) is an iron coordination entity consisting of two carbonyl and one cyano group coordinated to a central iron atom. The product of HydG, which is then passed onto HydE and HydF to form the H-cluster of the [FeFe]-hydrogenase enzymes. It is a metal carbonyl and an iron coordination entity. 
Constituent composed of protein and phospholipid that is widely distributed in many tissues. It serves as a cofactor with factor VIIa to activate factor X in the extrinsic pathway of blood coagulation. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of dorzolamide, an inhibitor of carbonic anhydrase, a zinc-containing enzyme that catalyzes the rapid conversion of carbon dioxide and water into carbonic acid, protons and bicarbonate ions. Distributed throughout many cells and tissues, various carbonic anhydrases play important roles in mineral and metabolic homeostasis. (NCI04) 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. it is an alkane that consists of pentane bearing two methyl substituents at position 2 and a single methyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as a fuel additive, a non-polar solvent and a nephrotoxin. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. 
A bile salt formed in the liver from lithocholic acid conjugation with taurine, usually as the sodium salt. It solubilizes fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is a cholagogue and choleretic. 
it is a sulfur oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a sulfenate. It derives from a hydride of a hydrogen sulfide. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid, a C4-dicarboxylic acid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-3-oxosuccinate(2-). 
Fumonisin b2 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fumonisins. These are diesters of propane-1, 2, 3-tricarboxylic acid (TCA) and similar long-chain aminopolyol backbones (for FB1: 2S-amino-12S, 16R-dimethyl-3S, 5R, 10R, 14S, 15R-pentahydroxyeicosane). Structurally, fumonisins resemble the sphingoid bases sphinganine (SA) and sphingosine (SO) to which TCA groups have been added at the C-14 and C-15 positions. Fumonisin b2 is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, fumonisin B2 is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Fumonisin b2 is formally rated as a possible carcinogen (by IARC 2B) and is also a potentially toxic compound. 
Fosinopril is a phosphinate ester-containing N-acyl derivative of (4S)-cyclohexyl-L-proline. It is used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. A pro-drug, it is hydrolysed in vivo to the corresponding phosphininc acid, fosinoprilat, which is the active metabolite. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, a prodrug and an antihypertensive agent. It is a phosphinic ester and a L-proline derivative. It derives from a fosinoprilat. It is a conjugate acid of a fosinopril(1-). Fosinopril is a phosphinic acid-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As an ester prodrug, fosinopril is hydrolysed by esterases to its active metabolite fosinoprilat. Fosinoprilat specifically and competitively inhibits angiotensin-converting enzyme thereby decreasing the formation of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II, resulting in diminished vasopressor activity. In addition, angiotensin II-mediated aldosterone secretion by adrenal cortex is decreased, which results in a decrease of sodium retention and an increase in water outflow. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the mono-N-isopropyl derivative of meprobamate (which is a significant metabolite). it interrupts neuronal communication within the reticular formation and spinal cord, resulting in sedation and alteration in pain perception. It is used as a muscle relaxant in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated with painful muscle spasm. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. it is a synthetic propanediol dicarbamate derivative and an adjunct in the treatment of painful muscle spasms, it is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant that relieves stiffness, pain, and discomfort caused by muscle injuries. Its mechanism of action is not clear yet; perhaps due to its sedative actions. (NCI04) 
1-O-caffeoylquinic acid is an alkyl caffeate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of trans-caffeic acid with the 1-hydroxy group of (-)-quinic acid. It has a role as a Camellia sinensis metabolite, a NF-kappaB inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an antioxidant. It is a quinic acid and an alkyl caffeate ester. It derives from a trans-caffeic acid. It derives from a hydride of a (-)-quinic acid. 
it is a fatty alcohol that is nonacosane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 10. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a nonacosane. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is the 5-hydroxylated metabolite of diclofenac. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an allergen. It is a dichlorobenzene, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a diclofenac. 
it is a sulforaphane in which the sulfinyl group has R configuration. Naturally occurring compound found in brocolli that acts as a potent inducer of phase II detoxification enzymes. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-sulforaphane. 
Spathulenol is a tricyclic sesquiterpenoid that is 4-methylidenedecahydro-1H-cyclopropa[e]azulene carrying three methyl substituents at positions 1, 1 and 7 as well as a hydroxy substituent at position 7. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite, an anaesthetic and a vasodilator agent. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
it is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of benzoic acid with isobutanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid and an isobutanol. 
it is a organic heterotetracyclic compound that is pyrido[4,3-b]carbazole carrying two methyl substituents at positions 5 and 11. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a polycyclic heteroarene and an indole alkaloid. 
it is a heptaketide that is 2,3-dihydro-4H-benzo[g]chromen-4-one bearing a methyl substituent at position 2 and four hydroxy substituents at positions 2, 5, 6 and 8. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a naphtho-gamma-pyrone, a cyclic hemiketal, a member of phenols and a heptaketide. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2'-methyl-4'-(5-methyl-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)biphenyl-4-carboxylic acid with the secondary amino group of 1'-methyl-6,7-dihydro-5H-spiro[furo[2,3-f]indole-3,4'-piperidine]. Selective 5-HT1B receptor antagonist (pKi = 8.2). Displays >60-fold selectivity over 5-HT1D, 5-HT1A, 5-HT1E, 5-HT1F, 5-HT2A and 5-HT2C receptors in radioligand binding and functional assays. Centrally active following oral administration in vivo. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an azaspiro compound, a 1,2,4-oxadiazole and a member of benzamides. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a primary alcohol that is 1-octanol substituted by a butyl group at position 2. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a primary alcohol, a fatty alcohol and an alkyl alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an octane. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3, 6 and 7. Isolated from Garcinia mangostana and Maclura pomifera, it exhibits inhibitory activity against protein kinase C. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 
Budotitane is a titanium metal complex, coordinated with asymmetric beta-diketonate ligands, with antineoplastic activity. Although the exact mechanism of action remains to be elucidated, budotitane potentially binds either to macromolecules via coordinative covalent bonds, or via intercalation between nucleic acids strands by the aromatic ring of the beta-diketonate. In addition, this agent appears to cause cardiac arrhythmias and is toxic to the liver and kidneys at higher doses. The development of budotitane was halted due to the rapid loss of its labile groups under physiological conditions. 
A peptide prohormone precursor of CALCITONIN. It is normally present at low levels in serum, but is released into the bloodstream, primarily from neuroendocrine cells in the lungs and intestines, in response to INFLAMMATION and BACTERIAL INFECTIONS. It is a diagnostic marker for BACTEREMIA. 
it is ergocristine in which a single bond replaces the double bond between positions 9 and 10. It is used as the mesylate salt for the symptomatic treatment of mental deterioration associated with cerebrovascular insufficiency and in peripheral vascular disease. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist and a vasodilator agent. It derives from an ergocristine. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 
it is a pyridine derivative with antitumor activity. it enhances the antitumor activity of fluoropyrimidines by competitively and reversibly inhibiting the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase causing decreased degradation of the fluoropyrimidines. 
A neuropeptide that is highly homologous to GALANIN. It is produced by proteolytic processing of a larger protein that is unrelated to prepro-galanin and preferentially binds to GALANIN-2 RECEPTOR. 
it is any of a group of glycosaminoglycans with repeating units consisting of variously sulfated beta1->4-linked L-iduronyl-(alpha1->3)-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine units. It has a role as a hematologic agent and an anticoagulant. It is a sulfated glycosaminoglycan and a mucopolysaccharide. It derives from a dermatan. It is a conjugate acid of a it polyanion. 
A semisynthetic derivative of PODOPHYLLOTOXIN that exhibits antitumor activity. Etoposide inhibits DNA synthesis by forming a complex with topoisomerase II and DNA. This complex induces breaks in double stranded DNA and prevents repair by topoisomerase II binding. Accumulated breaks in DNA prevent entry into the mitotic phase of cell division, and lead to cell death. Etoposide acts primarily in the G2 and S phases of the cell cycle. 
it is a glycoside that is the alpha-L-rhamnosyl-(1->3)-beta-D-glucoside of hydroxytyrosol in which the hydroxy group at position 4 of the glucopyranosyl moiety has undergone esterification by formal condensation with trans-caffeic acid. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent, an antileishmanial agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a cinnamate ester, a disaccharide derivative, a member of catechols, a polyphenol and a glycoside. It derives from a hydroxytyrosol and a trans-caffeic acid. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 34:1 in which the 1- and 2-acyl groups are specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl) and 9Z-octadecenoyl (oleoyl) respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a phosphatidylcholine 34:1 and a 1-acyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine betaine. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an oleic acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid diamide resulting from the formal condensation of both of the carboxy groups of butynedioic acid with ammonia. An antibacterial agent produced by Streptomyces chibaensis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent, a metabolite and a pesticide. It is a ynamide, a dicarboxylic acid diamide and a primary carboxamide. It derives from a butynedioic acid. 
(+)-schisandrin B is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is found in Fructus Schisandrae and Schisandra chinensis. It has a role as a nephroprotective agent, an apoptosis inhibitor, a plant metabolite, an anti-asthmatic agent, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent, a neuroprotective agent, a hepatoprotective agent and an antilipemic drug. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an aromatic ether, an oxacycle and a cyclic acetal. 
it is a member of the class of barbiturates that is barbituric acid in which a hydrogen attached to a ring carbon is replaced by a hydroxy group. It derives from a barbituric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dialurate. 
2, 2, 4, 4, 6, 6-Hexamethyl-1, 3, 5-trithiane, also known as fema 3475 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dithioketals. Dithioketals are compounds containing a dithioketal functional group with the general structure R2C(SR')2 with R, R' = organyl. 2, 2, 4, 4, 6, 6-Hexamethyl-1, 3, 5-trithiane exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 2, 4, 4, 6, 6-hexamethyl-1, 3, 5-trithiane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 2, 4, 4, 6, 6-Hexamethyl-1, 3, 5-trithiane has a blackberry, burnt, and earthy taste. 
it is a flavonolignan isolated from milk thistle, Silybum marianum, that has been shown to exhibit antioxidant and antineoplastic activities. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a flavonolignan, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a benzodioxine and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it, also known as 2-it or 2-furfurylthiol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-furanmethanethiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a burnt, chocolate, and coffee tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products, coffee and coffee products, and fats and oils. This makes 2-furanmethanethiol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
The fixed combination of phentermine and topiramate has been developed as a weight loss agent and was approved for use in the United States in 2012. This combination has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations or clinically apparent liver injury, but has had limited general use. Topiramate by itself is used as an anticonvulsant and has been implicated in rare instances of acute liver injury. 
it is a methylxanthine and derivative of theophylline. it relaxes smooth muscles, particularly bronchial muscles. This xanthine most likely exerts its effect by inhibiting cAMP or cGMP phosphodiesterases, thereby increasing levels of the second messenger cAMP or cGMP intracellularly. Other mode of actions include an adenosine antagonistic effect on the activity of CD4 lymphocytes and mediator release from mast cells thereby decreasing lung sensitivity to allergens and other substances that cause inflammation. it also acts as a CNS stimulant and exerts a positive chronotropic and inotropic effect on the heart. 
it is an alkane that is hexane substituted by a methyl group at positions 2,3 and 5. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it is the conjugate base of pelargonidin 3-O-rutinoside; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a pelargonidin 3-O-rutinoside. 
it, also known as propyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C4 carbon atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet and caramellic taste. 
it (diacid form) is a dicarboxylic acid and a C20-gibberellin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-) (diacid form). 
it is a member of the class of its that is acetamide in which one of the amino hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.5 (urease) inhibitor and an algal metabolite. It derives from an acetamide. It is a tautomer of a N-hydroxyacetimidic acid. 
(S,S)-asenapine maleate is a maleate salt obtained by combining equimolar amounts of (S,S)-asenapine and maleic acid. It contains a (S,S)-asenapine(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R,R)-asenapine maleate. 
A stilbene and non-flavonoid polyphenol produced by various plants including grapes and blueberries. It has anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, cardioprotective, anti-mutagenic, and anti-carcinogenic properties. It also inhibits platelet aggregation and the activity of several DNA HELICASES in vitro. 
Gamma-amino-beta-hydroxybutyric acid is a gamma-amino acid comprising 4-aminobutyric acid having a 2-hydroxy substituent. It is a gamma-amino acid and a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-amino-3-hydroxybutanoate. It is a tautomer of a gamma-amino-beta-hydroxybutyric acid zwitterion. 
1,2-di-(dimethylamino)ethane appears as a water-white colored liquid with a fishlike odor. Flash point 68Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. it is an ethylenediamine derivative in which each nitrogen carries two methyl substituents. It is widely employed both as a ligand for metal ions and as a catalyst in organic polymerisation. It has a role as a chelator and a catalyst. 
it is a pentachlorobiphenyl in which the chlorines are located at the 3, 4, 5, 3', and 4' positions. It is a pentachlorobiphenyl and a trichlorobenzene. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
Neutral red(1+) is an organic cation obtained by protonation of neutral red free base. It is a conjugate acid of a neutral red base. 
it is a phosphonic acid compound having a 2-chloroethyl substituent attached to the P-atom. It has a role as a plant growth regulator. 
Borneol appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. 
it is the (R,R) diastereoisomer of butane-2,3-diol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (S,S)-butane-2,3-diol. 
it is a flavin adenine dinucleotide. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the 21-hydroxy function of 6alpha-methylprednisolone compound with acetic acid. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, an acetate ester, a steroid ester, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a 6alpha-methylprednisolone. Methylprednisolone Acetate is the acetate salt of a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with immunosuppressive and antiinflammatory effects. it is converted into active prednisolone in the body, which activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. This includes inducing synthesis of anti-inflammatory protein IkappaB-alpha and inhibiting synthesis of nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB). As a result, proinflammatory cytokine production such as IL-1, IL-2 and IL-6 is down-regulated and cytotoxic T-lymphocyte activation is inhibited. Therefore, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions may be achieved. 
it is the 1-(cyclohexyloxycarbonyloxy)ethyl ester of cefotiam. It is used as its dihydrochloride salt as a prodrug for cefotiam. It has a role as a prodrug. It derives from a cefotiam. 
it is an orange crystalline solid. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. it is an aromatic ether. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. 
it is an oxooctadecadienoic acid that consists of 10E,12E-octadecadienoic acid with the oxo substituent located at position 9. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an oxooctadecadienoic acid and an enone. 
Dantrolene is the hydrazone resulting from the formal condensation of 5-(4-nitrophenyl)furfural with 1-aminohydantoin. A ryanodine receptor antagonist used for the relief of chronic severe spasticity and malignant hyperthermia. It has a role as a muscle relaxant, a ryanodine receptor antagonist and a neuroprotective agent. It is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione and a hydrazone. It is a conjugate acid of a dantrolene(1-). 
9,10-Secoergosta-5,7,10(19),22-tetraene-3,25-diol. Biologically active metabolite of vitamin D2 which is more active in curing rickets than its parent. The compound is believed to attach to the same receptor as vitamin D2 and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3. 
Neohesperidin dihydrochalcone, also known as neohesperidin DC or E959, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid o-glycosides. Flavonoid O-glycosides are compounds containing a carbohydrate moiety which is O-glycosidically linked to the 2-phenylchromen-4-one flavonoid backbone. Neohesperidin dihydrochalcone is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, neohesperidin dihydrochalcone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Neohesperidin dihydrochalcone is a bland tasting compound that can be found in sweet orange. This makes neohesperidin dihydrochalcone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an epoxide and metabolite of carbamazepine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite, a drug metabolite and an allergen. It is an epoxide, a member of ureas and a dibenzoazepine. It derives from a carbamazepine. 
it is a tan to brown oily liquid with a slightly sweet odor. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Soluble in most organic solvents. Used as a selective herbicide. 2-chloro-N-(2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl)-N-(1-methoxypropan-2-yl)acetamide is an organochlorine compound that is 2-chloroacetamide substituted by a (2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl)-N-(1-methoxypropan-2-yl) group at the nitrogen atom. It is an aromatic amide, an ether, a member of benzenes and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a 1H-indol-3-yl group. It has a role as a plant hormone, a human metabolite, a plant metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an auxin. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of its. It is a conjugate acid of an indole-3-acetate. 
Mixture of antifungal heptaene macrolides from Streptomyces griseus or Actinomyces levoris used topically in candidiasis. The antibiotic complex is composed of candicidins A, B, C, and D, of which D is the major component. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a mustard-like odor. Flash point 70Â°F. Very toxic by inhalation and ingestion. Less dense than water (7.1 lb / gal). Vapors are heavier than air. Prolonged exposure to low concentrations or short exposure to high concentrations may have adverse health effects from inhalation. it is a propenol in which the C=C bond connects C-2 and C-3. It is has been found in garlic (Allium sativum). Formerly used as a herbicide for the control of various grass and weed seeds. It has a role as an insecticide, a herbicide, an antibacterial agent, a fungicide and a plant metabolite. It is a primary allylic alcohol and a propenol. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of alpha-D-galactose 1-phosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monosaccharide 1-phosphate(2-). It is a conjugate base of an alpha-D-galactose 1-phosphate. It is an enantiomer of an alpha-L-galactose 1-phosphate(2-). 
Valencene, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eremophilane, 8, 9-secoeremophilane and furoeremophilane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based either on the eremophilane skeleton, its 8, 9-seco derivative, or the furoeremophilane skeleton. Eremophilanes have been shown to be derived from eudesmanes by migration of the methyl group at C-10 to C-5. Valencene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, valencene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, valencene can be found in burdock. This makes valencene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is compound comprising a beta-lactam ring fused to a saturated 5-membered ring containing one sulfur atom. It is a natural product fundamental parent and a member of its. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazolin-4-one substituted at positions 2, 6 and 7 by ethyl, sulfamoyl and chloro groups respectively; a thiazide-like diuretic used to treat hypertension. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and a diuretic. it is a long-acting, quinazolinesulfonamide derivative with thiazide-like diuretic activity. it acts in a similar manner to that of other typical thiazide diuretics and is no longer commercially available in the United States. 
This is a chemical weapon related to sulfur mustard (mustard gas) and is expected to react in a similar fashion. See the chemical datasheet for sulfur mustard for more information. 
it is a member of the class of 2-benzofurans that is 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 6, a methoxy group at position 3, a methyl group at position 7 and a propyl group at position 3. It has been isolated from Penicillium purpurogenum. It has a role as a metabolite, an antiviral agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a member of 2-benzofurans, a gamma-lactone, a member of catechols and an ether. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic indole alkaloid isolated from the seeds and other parts of Erythrina species. It differs from the alpha isomer in having the double bond of the dihydropyranone ring located beta,gamma- to the lactone carbonyl group instead of alpha,beta-. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and a plant metabolite. It is an indole alkaloid, a delta-lactone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is an N-sulfonated monobactam antibiotic. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is an N-sulfo monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic derived from sulfazecin. it has high resistance to beta-lactamases and activity against aerobic gram-negative bacteria. It reaches high urinary concentrations and may be used in the treatment of urinary tract infections. 
it is a calcium salt form of mandelic acid, an aromatic alpha hydroxy acid used in the treatment of urinary tract infections and as an oral antibiotic. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as erythrinanes. These are erythrina alkaloids possessing either a 6-5-6-6-membered indoloisoquinoline core or a derivative thereof. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2'-methyl-4'-(5-methyl-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)biphenyl-4-carboxylic acid and the anilino group of 4-methoxy-3-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)aniline. Potent and selective 5-HT1B/1D receptor antagonist (pKi values are 8.5 for both guinea pig 5-HT1D and rat 5-HT1B receptors). Displays > 100-fold selectivity over 5HT1A, 5-HT2A, 5-HT2C receptors and other receptor types. Centrally active following oral administration. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a 1,2,4-oxadiazole and a member of benzamides. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an indolecarboxylic acid that is indole-2-carboxylic acid carrying an additional methoxy substituent at position 5. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a hypoglycemic agent and an EC 1.8.1.4 (dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It is an indolecarboxylic acid and an aromatic ether. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion that is the conjugate base of oxalic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion and an oxalate. It is a conjugate base of an oxalic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an oxalate(2-). 
it is the sodium salt of ertapenem, a 1-beta-methyl carbapenem and a broad-spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ertapenem binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located on the bacterial cell wall, in particular PBPs 2 and 3, thereby inhibiting the final transpeptidation step in the synthesis of peptidoglycan, an essential component of the bacterial cell wall. Inhibition of peptidoglycan synthesis results in weakening and lysis of the cell wall and cell death. In vitro, this agent has shown activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. Erapenem is resistant to hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, cephalosporinases and extended-spectrum beta-lactamases. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and methyl groups at positions 6 and 8. Isolated from the buds of Cleistocalyx operculatus, it has been shown to exhibit inhibitory effects on the viral neuraminidases from two influenza viral strains, H1N1 and H9N2. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Testicular Germ Cell Tumor, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. it is a disaccharide analogue of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also induces apoptosis through a p53-independent mechanism. it is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin. 
Isovaleryl-CoA, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Isovaleryl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Isovaleryl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isovaleryl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. In humans, isovaleryl-CoA is involved in the valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation pathway. Isovaleryl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the 3-methylglutaconic aciduria type III pathway, 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA lyase deficiency, Beta-ketothiolase deficiency, and the isovaleric acidemia pathway. 
it is a member of the class of cinnamaldehydes carrying a hexyl substituent at the alpha-position. It derives from an (E)-cinnamaldehyde. 
(Â±)-it, also known as it or ite, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthridines and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthridine moiety, which is a tricyclic system with two benzene rings joined by a pyridine forming a non-linear skeleton. Hydrogenated derivatives are also included (Â±)-it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (Â±)-it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (Â±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2, 2-Dichlorobutane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organochlorides. Organochlorides are compounds containing a chemical bond between a carbon atom and a chlorine atom. 2, 2-Dichlorobutane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine that is the ethanolamide of palmitic (hexadecanoic) acid. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug, an antihypertensive agent, a neuroprotective agent and an anticonvulsant. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine, an endocannabinoid and a N-(saturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a homoallylic alcohol that is 2-methylpent-2-ene in which a hydrogen of the methyl group at position 5 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a homoallylic alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of N-methylcoclaurine. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-N-methylcoclaurinium(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-N-methylcoclaurine. 
Penicillin g, sodium salt is a white to slightly yellow crystalline powder with a faint odor. pH (10% solution) 5.5-7.5. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a benzylpenicillin(1-). it is the sodium salt form of benzylpenicillin, a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid that is 4,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid carrying an additional bromo substituent at position 3. It has a role as an algal metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of bromobenzenes and a dihydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-bromo-4,5-dihydroxybenzoate. 
it is a member of the class of hopanoids that is bacteriohopane-30,31,32,33,34-pentol carrying an additional amino substituent at position 35. Isolated from Methylococcus capsulatus. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a hopanoid, a pentol and a primary amino compound. 
it is a hydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a hydroxybenzoate, an aminobenzoate and an aromatic amino-acid anion. It derives from an anthranilate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid. It is a tautomer of a 2,3-dihydro-3-oxoanthranilate. 
it is a member of the class of cyclopentapyridines that is 6,7-dihydrocyclopenta[c]pyridine bearing two methyl substituents at positions 4 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a pheromone. It is a cyclopentapyridine and a pyridine alkaloid. 
it is a triol that is pentane with the three hydroxy groups located at positions 1,3 and 5. It derives from a hydride of a pentane. 
it is an alditol 5-phosphate and a xylitol phosphate. It derives from a xylitol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of phenanthrolines that is 2,7-phenanthroline substituted at position 9 by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of phenanthrolines and a member of phenols. 
it is an organic disulfide that consists of two molecules of pantothenic acid linked by amide bonds to a cysteamine disulfide bridging group. It has a role as a nutraceutical and a coenzyme. It derives from a pantothenic acid. 
it is an organic sodium salt having 3,4-dihydroxy-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthracene-2-sulfonate as the counterion. It is commonly used to stain embryo skeletons in cleared whole mounts, usually of small mammals. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a 3,4-dihydroxy-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthracene-2-sulfonate. 
it appears as a colorless to light yellow liquid with a mild odor. Burns, but may be difficult to ignite. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid that is heptane in which one of the hydrogens of a terminal methyl group has been replaced by a carboxy group. it is also known as it. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an octanoate. it is a saturated medium-chain fatty acid with an 8-carbon backbone. it is found naturally in the milk of various mammals and is a minor component of coconut oil and palm kernel oil. 
it is a member of the class of penicillanic acids that is sulbactam in which one of the exocyclic methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 1,2,3-triazol-1-yl group; used (in the form of its sodium salt) in combination with ceftolozane sulfate for treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections and complicated urinary tract infections. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent and an EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitor. It is a member of penicillanic acids and a member of triazoles. It derives from a sulbactam. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a penicillanic acid sulfone derivative and beta-lactamase inhibitor with antibacterial activity. it contains a beta-lactam ring and irreversibly binds to beta-lactamase at or near its active site. This protects other beta-lactam antibiotics from beta-lactamase catalysis. This drug is used in conjunction with beta-lactamase susceptible penicillins to treat infections caused by beta-lactamase producing organisms. 
Vincristine appears as a white crystalline solid. Melting point 218Â°C. Used as an antineoplastic. Vincristine is a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Vinca rosea Linn. Vincristine binds irreversibly to microtubules and spindle proteins in S phase of the cell cycle and interferes with the formation of the mitotic spindle, thereby arresting tumor cells in metaphase. This agent also depolymerizes microtubules and may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. (NCI04) 
it is an N-acyl-L-phenylalanine that is L-phenylalanine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group has been replaced by a formyl group. It is a conjugate acid of a N-formyl-L-phenylalaninate. 
it is an organofluorine compound that is cytosine that is substituted at position 5 by a fluorine. A prodrug for the antifungal 5-fluorouracil, it is used for the treatment of systemic fungal infections. It has a role as a prodrug. It is an organofluorine compound, a pyrimidone, an aminopyrimidine, a nucleoside analogue and a pyrimidine antifungal drug. It derives from a cytosine. it is a pyrimidine compound and a fluorinated cytosine analog exhibiting antifungal activity. After penetration into the fungal cells, it is deaminated to its active metabolite 5-fluorouracil. 5-fluorouracil replaces uracil during fungal RNA synthesis, thereby inhibiting fungal protein synthesis. In addition, fluorouracil is further metabolized to 5-fluorodeoxyuridylic acid monophosphate, which inhibits thymidylate synthetase, thereby interrupting nucleotide metabolism, DNA synthesis and ultimately protein synthesis. 
it is an indane that consists of 1-aminoindane bearing an N-propargyl substituent. A selective, irreversible monoamine oxidase-B inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and a neuroprotective agent. It is a secondary amine, a member of indanes and a terminal acetylenic compound. 
4-Coumaroyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-enoyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to a 2-enoyl chain. Thus, 4-coumaroyl-CoA is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. 4-Coumaroyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 4-Coumaroyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 4-coumaroyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Coumaroyl-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a modified glutathione analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. Canfosfamide is selectively activated by glutathione S-transferase P1-1 into an alkylating metabolite that forms covalent linkages with nucleophilic centers in tumor cell DNA, which may induce a cellular stress response and cytotoxicity, and decrease tumor proliferation. S-transferase P1-1 is an enzyme that is overexpressed in many human malignancies. 
it, also known as 1-methoxy-hexane or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyl ethers. These are organic compounds containing the dialkyl ether functional group, with the formula ROR', where R and R' are alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, methyl hexyl ether is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, fruity, and herbal taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as c-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a C-glycosidic bond. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-hydroxybenzoic acid with ethanol, It has a role as an antimicrobial food preservative, an antifungal agent, a plant metabolite and a phytoestrogen. It is a paraben and an ethyl ester. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt form of atiprimod, an orally bioavailable small molecule belonging to the azaspirane class of cationic amphiphilic agents with anti-inflammatory, antineoplastic, and anti-angiogenic activities. Atiprimod inhibits the phosphorylation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) and AKT, blocking the signaling pathways of interleukin-6, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and downregulating the anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2, Bcl-XL, and Mcl-1. This results in the inhibition of cell proliferation, induction of cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. 
Cefoselis is a cephalosporin compound having [2-(2-hydroxyethyl)-3-imino-2,3-dihydro-1H-pyrazol-1-yl]methyl and [(2Z)-2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetyl]amino side groups located at positions 3 and 7 respectively. A 4th generation broad-spectrum cephalosporin. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a member of pyrazoles and a cephalosporin. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 3-amino-7-(dimethylamino)-2-methylphenothiazin-5-ium (tolonium) as the counterion. It is a blue nuclear counterstain that can be used to demonstrate Nissl substance and is also useful for staining mast cell granules, both in metachromatic and orthochromatic techniques. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye and a diagnostic agent. It contains a tolonium. 
it is a steroidal aldosterone antagonist with potassium-sparing diuretic activity. it antagonizes the activity of aldosterone at the mineralocorticoid receptor in the nephron and thereby prevents sodium reabsorption. This interferes with the sodium/potassium exchanger and causes sodium and water excretion while reducing potassium excretion. 
5alpha-androstane-3beta,6alpha,17beta-triol is a 3beta sterol that is 5alpha-androstane which is substituted by beta-hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 17 and by an alpha-hydroxy group at position 6. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a triol, a 6alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-sterol and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 5alpha-androstane. 
it is a green crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is noncombustible, but it will accelerate the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in a fire or the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. It is used in nickel plating and to make nickel catalysts for use in chemical manufacture. 
it is a beta-D-galactoside having a 4-methylumbelliferyl substituent at the anomeric position. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a member of coumarins, a monosaccharide derivative and a beta-D-galactoside. It derives from a 4-methylumbelliferone. 
N-(4-{hydroxy[(4-nitrobenzyl)oxy]phosphoryl}butanoyl)glycine is an N-acylglycine whose structure comprises a glycine core carrying an N-(4-{hydroxy[(4-nitrobenzyl)oxy]phosphoryl}butanoyl) substituent. It is an organic phosphonate, a C-nitro compound and a N-acylglycine. 
it is an orally bioavailable, N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist, with potential central nervous system (CNS) stimulating, neuroprotective, anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic activities. Upon administration, it targets, binds to and inhibits glutamanergic NMDA receptors (NMDARs), specifically the glycine-binding NMDA receptor subunit 1 (GluN1) and 2 (glutamate-binding NMDA receptor subunit 2; NMDA-type subunit 2B; GluN2B), thereby preventing NMDAR signaling. This inhibits neuronal excitotoxicity, and thereby potentially enhancing cognitive function. Additionally, it inhibits G protein-coupled inwardly-rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels, and interacts with alpha1 adrenergic, serotonin, and activates sigma receptors. it exerts its anti-inflammatory effect through its effect on NMDA and possibly sigma-1 receptors. Although the exact mechanism has not fully been elucidated, this agent reduces the infiltration of neutrophils and T-cells into the lungs and prevents the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines. This may result in the reduction of the lung inflammatory response, inhibit fibrosis in the lungs and may reduce the severity of cough. NMDA receptors are multimeric ionotropic glutamate receptors composed of four subunits and are expressed on various cells and organs, such as in the brain, lungs, and on T-cells and neutrophils. 
it is an orally available, irreversible, third-generation, mutant-selective epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it covalently binds to and inhibits the activity of mutant forms of EGFR, including the T790M EGFR mutant, thereby preventing EGFR-mediated signaling. This may both induce cell death and inhibit tumor growth in EGFR-overexpressing tumor cells. EGFR, a receptor tyrosine kinase mutated in many tumor cell types, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization. it preferentially inhibits mutated forms of EGFR including T790M, a secondarily acquired resistance mutation, and may have therapeutic benefits in tumors with T790M-mediated resistance when compared to other EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. As this agent is selective towards mutant forms of EGFR, its toxicity profile may be reduced as compared to non-selective EGFR inhibitors which also inhibit wild-type EGFR. 
it, also known as 2, 3-dimethyl-4, 5-dithiahexane or disulfide, methyl 3-methylbutyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a roasted and sulfurous taste. 
Amyl chloride appears as a clear colorless to light-brown liquid with an aromatic odor. Flash point may vary from 35 to 54Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. Vapors may be narcotic in high concentrations. 
it is a doubly-charged organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of carbamoyl phosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a carbamoyl phosphate. 
it is 7-Sulfamoyl-1,2,4-benzothiadiazine 1,1-dioxide in which the hydrogen at position 6 is substituted by chlorine and that at position 3 is substituted by a benzylsulfanylmethyl group. A diuretic, it is used to treat hypertension and edema. It has a role as a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. It is a benzothiadiazine and a sulfonamide. it is an intermediate acting agent belonging to the class of thiazide diuretics. it, also known as it, is no longer commercially available in the United States. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of SAR, Asthma, Mild Asthma, Allergic Rhinitis, and Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis, among others. 
Shipped in solution with sulfuric acid (solutions are usually 40% it and 54% sulfuric acid (Hawley)). Solution is a straw-colored oily liquid with a sharp odor. When pure, a crystalline solid decomposing at 73Â°C. Very irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make dyes and other chemicals. 
it is a member of the class of benzoxaboroles that is 5-hydroxy-1,3-dihydro-2,1-benzoxaborole in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a 4-cyanophenyl group. A phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor that is used for treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis in children and adults. It has a role as a phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor, an antipsoriatic and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a benzoxaborole, an aromatic ether and a nitrile. 
it is an organic heterobicyclic compound that consists of 2-oxohexahydro-1H-thieno[3,4-d]imidazole having a valeric acid substituent attached to the tetrahydrothiophene ring. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a prosthetic group, a coenzyme, a nutraceutical, a B vitamin, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. Hexahydro-2-oxo-1H-thieno(3,4-d)imidazole-4-pentanoic acid. Growth factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. The it content of cancerous tissue is higher than that of normal tissue. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C22H24N2O3, originallly isolated from the leaves of Strychnos icaja. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a sodium channel blocker. It is a delta-lactam, a cyclic ketone, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
Manganese(II) chloride tetrahydrate is a hydrate that is the tetrahydrate form of manganese(II) chloride. It has a role as a nutraceutical and a MRI contrast agent. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and a manganese coordination entity. It contains a manganese(II) chloride. 
it is a cysteine derivative that is the N-carbamoyl derivative of L-cysteine. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a cosmetic. It is a conjugate acid of a N-carbamoyl-L-cysteinate(1-). 
it is a phospholipid consisting of 1,1-dimethylpiperidinium-4-yl hydrogen phosphate in which the hydrogen is replaced by a stearyl (octadecyl) group. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor. It is a phospholipid and an ammonium betaine. It derives from an octadecan-1-ol. it is an orally active alkyl-phosphocholine compound with potential antineoplastic activity. Targeting cellular membranes, it modulates membrane permeability, membrane lipid composition, phospholipid metabolism, and mitogenic signal transduction, resulting in cell differentiation and inhibition of cell growth. This agent also inhibits the anti-apoptotic mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway and modulates the balance between the MAPK and pro-apoptotic stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK/JNK) pathways, thereby inducing apoptosis. it has a lower gastrointestinal toxicity profile than the related agent miltefosine. (NCI04) 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Forms explosive mixtures wilh certain combustible materials. Difficult to burn, but will accelerate burning of combustible materials. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Used in explosives, pyrotechnics, photography. it is the potassium salt of perchloric acid and a member of the Hofmeister ions series with thyroid blocking properties. it is a competitive inhibitor of iodine uptake through inhibiting the sodium-iodide symporter (NIS) on the thyroid follicular cell membrane. This results in a potential decrease in thyroid hormone synthesis including thyroxine (T4) and tri-iodothyronine (T3). In addition, this agent decreases the accumulation of the radioactive imaging substance and Hofmeister series ion, pertechnetate Tc 99m, in the choroid plexus and in the salivary and thyroid glands through competitive displacing. 
it is a metal iodide salt with a Na(+) counterion. It is an inorganic sodium salt and an iodide salt. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of lysine, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a lysine. 
it appears as white crystalline powder or granular solid with a slightly pungent odor. Bitter taste. Aqueous solutions neutral to litmus. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic heterobicyclic compound that is 1H-tetrazole in which the hydrogens at positions 1 and 5 are replaced by a pentane-1,5-diyl group. A central and respiratory stimulant, it was formerly used for the treatment of cough and other respiratory tract disorders, cardiovascular disorders including hypotension, and pruritis. It is an organic heterobicyclic compound and an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound. 
Betamethasone Dipropionate is the 17,21-dipropionate ester of betamethasone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with metabolic, immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory actions. Betamethasone dipropionate binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
it is an enoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of both carboxy groups of fumaric acid with methanol. Used for treatment of adults with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. It has a role as an immunomodulator and an antipsoriatic. It is an enoate ester, a methyl ester and a diester. It derives from a methanol and a fumaric acid. it is an orally bioavailable methyl ester of fumaric acid and activator of nuclear factor erythroid 2 [NF-E2]-related factor 2 (Nrf2, Nfe2l2), with potential neuroprotective, immunomodulating and radiosensitizing activities. Although the exact mechanism of action through which it exerts its neuroprotective and immunomodulatory effects have yet to be fully understood, upon oral administration, it is converted into its active metabolite monomethyl fumarate (MMF) and MMF binds to Nrf2. Subsequently, Nrf2 translocates to the nucleus and binds to the antioxidant response element (ARE). This induces the expression of a number of cytoprotective genes, including NAD(P)H quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), sulfiredoxin 1 (Srxn1), heme oxygenase-1 (HO1, HMOX1), superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1), gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase (gamma-GCS), thioredoxin reductase-1 (TXNRD1), glutathione S-transferase (GST), glutamate-cysteine ligase catalytic subunit (Gclc) and glutamate-cysteine ligase regulatory subunit (Gclm); this also increases the synthesis of the antioxidant glutathione (GSH). The intraneuronal synthesis of GSH may protect neuronal cells from damage due to oxidative stress. it also appears to inhibit the nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB)-mediated pathway, modulates the production of certain cytokines and induces apoptosis in certain T-cell subsets. Its radiosensitizing activity is due to this agent's ability to bind to and sequester intracellular GSH, thereby depleting intracellular GSH and preventing its anti-oxidative effects. This enhances the cytotoxicity of ionizing radiation in hypoxic cancer cells. Nrf2, a leucine zipper transcription factor, plays a key role in redox homeostasis and cytoprotection against oxidative stress. 
it is a potassium ion exchange resin composed of benzene-diethyl polymer with ethenyl-benzene, sulfonated, sodium salt. Administered as an oral suspension, sodium it lowers serum potassium levels by exchanging its sodium ions for potassium ions. Acting primarily in the large intestine, this agent also exchanges its sodium ions for calcium and magnesium ions, resulting in a decrease in serum calcium and magnesium levels. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of beta-amino acids that is the N(6)-acetyl derivative of 3,6-diaminohexanoic acid. It is a beta-amino acid and a member of acetamides. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-acetamido-3-aminohexanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Rifampin (also referred to as it) is a macrocyclic antibiotic with major activity against mycobacteria, commonly used in combination with other agents as therapy of tuberculosis. Rifampin is associated with transient and asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase and bilirubin levels and is a well known cause of clinically apparent, acute liver disease that can be severe and even fatal. Rifampin is a semisynthetic derivative of rifamycin with broad antibacterial activity. Rifampin inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase in susceptible bacteria and is often used in combination with other antibiotics for various infections including tuberculosis. 
it is a member of the class of depsidones that is 11H-dibenzo[b,e][1,4]dioxepine substituted by hydroxy groups at position 3 and 7, methyl group at positions 1 and 9, a prenyl group at position 8, an oxo group at position 11 and a formyl group at position 4. Isolated from Chaetomium brasiliense it exhibits cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a Chaetomium metabolite. It is an aldehyde, a member of depsidones, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a polyphenol. 
it is the hydroxypyrimidine that is pyrimidine mono-substituted at C-2 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a Lewis base and an electron donor. 
it, also known as alpha -toluate or 2-phenylethyl alpha-toluate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sweet, balsam, and floral tasting compound that can be found in linden. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow liquid with a pungent odor. Burns to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. A lachrymator. Used to make dyes and pharmaceuticals. it is a halide. It derives from a carbamic acid. 
it is an alkylating agent that bind to the DNA minor groove in a sequence-specific manner and form covalent adducts with adenines, resulting in the inhibition of DNA replication and induction of apoptosis. (NCI04) 
Cefsulodin is a pyridinium-substituted semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, cephalosporin antibiotic. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin, a primary carboxamide and an organosulfonic acid. Cefsulodin is a semi-synthetic, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with a narrow spectrum of activity. Cefsulodin has activity against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus but little activity against other bacteria. 
it is a diamine. It has a role as an antifouling biocide and a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a bisindole alkaloid with a strychnine substructure isolated from the roots of Strychnos icaja and has been shown to exhibit antiplasmodial activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. It is a bisindole alkaloid, a primary alcohol and a ring assembly. 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is irigenin substituted by a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone, a monosaccharide derivative, a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones and a 7-hydroxyisoflavones 7-O-beta-D-glucoside. It derives from an irigenin. 
it is an optically active form of it having L-configuration. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a plant metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aspartate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-itium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-itate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. ite is an essential amino acid in humans (provided by food), ite is an important residue of many proteins, such as tooth enamel, collagen, and elastin. An important amino acid for the nervous system, it also plays an important role in porphyrin and fat metabolism and prevents fat buildup in the liver. Useful with intestinal disorders and indigestion, it has also been used to alleviate anxiety and mild depression. (NCI04) 
2, 6-Diethylaniline, also known as DEA or 2, 6-diethyl-benzamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aniline and substituted anilines. These are organic compounds containing an aminobenzene moiety. 2, 6-Diethylaniline exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 6-diethylaniline is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 6-Diethylaniline is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a tetrachlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which the hydrogens at the 2 and 5 position of each benzene ring are replaced by chlorines. It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl and a dichlorobenzene. 
The relatively new it is produced from a direct reaction between L- or levulinic acid levulose and calcium hydroxide. The resultant it formulation, when used as a calcium supplement, possesses a high calcium content that is observed to be 14.8% higher than the content typically found in calcium lactate. This formulation is considered a low molecular weight organic calcium ion type that is easily absorbed through the intestinal wall.  This new application of calcium is intended for use as a food fortifier, to fortify foods like sauces, condiments, beer, beverages, soft drinks, milk and milk products, soy milk and soy products with calcium nutrition. it can be used alone, or with calcium lactate, calcium chloride, and other compounds, either for pharmaceutical tablets, capsules, or injections preparation. 
it is a secondary alcohol that is 2-butanol carrying an additional methyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a polar solvent and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an isopentane. 
it is an alanine derivative arising from reductive N-alkylation of L-alanine by pyridoxal-5-phosphate. It has a role as an epitope and an antigen. It is a L-alanine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a monohydroxypyridine and a phosphate monoester. It derives from a pyridoxal. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(5'-phosphonatopyridoxyl)-L-alaninate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a N-(5'-phosphopyridoxyl)-D-alanine. 
Di-alpha-it, also known as 2, 2'-it or bis(2-furylmethyl) ether, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. Di-alpha-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, di-alpha-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Di-alpha-it has a coffee and nutty taste. 
Methyl 4-acetoxy-3-methoxybenzoate is a benzoate ester that is methyl benzoate substituted by an acetoxy group at position 4 and a methoxy group at position 3 respectively. It is a benzoate ester, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a methyl vanillate. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-deoxy-D-glycero-hexo-2,5-diulosonate. 
N-it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as proline and derivatives. Proline and derivatives are compounds containing proline or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of proline at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. N-it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organofluorine compound that is 4-methylquinolizidine in which all of the hydrogens are replaced by fluorines. It has a role as a blood substitute. It derives from a 4-methylquinolizidine. 
it, also known as 3-isoadenosine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
SU6656 is a member of the class of oxindoles that is 3-methyleneoxindole in which the hydrogeh at position 5 has been replaced by a dimethylaminosulfonyl group and in which one of the hydrogens of the methylene group has been replaced by a 4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-indol-2-yl group. It is a specific inhibitor of Src family kinase. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor, an Aurora kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of oxindoles and a sulfonamide. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is noncombustible. It is corrosive to aluminum. It is used in chemical analysis, in brewing, and as a preservative for wood. it is a fluoride salt having ammonium (NH4+) as the counterion. It is an ammonium salt and a fluoride salt. 
it is a white solid. Melting point 265Â°F (129-130Â°C). Insoluble in water. Used as a contact insecticide. it is a carbamate ester and a member of benzodioxoles. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid. 
it is a leucine derivative in which one of its methyl groups is replaced by trifluoromethyl. It is a leucine derivative, an organofluorine compound and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a leucine. 
it appears as a white granular solid (or tablets compressed from the granules) with an odor of chlorine. Toxic, irritating to the skin. Noncombustible, but will accelerate the burning of combustible materials. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in the vigorous decomposition of the material and rupture of the container. Diluted samples may undergo reactions as described above if they contain less than 39% available chlorine but take longer to become involved and react less vigorously. Used for water purification, disinfectant for swimming pools, for bleaching paper and textiles. it is a calcium salt. It has a role as a bleaching agent. It contains a hypochlorite. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid in which the hydroxy group is geminal to a 1-carboxypropyl group on a cyclohexane ring. It has a role as a bile therapy drug. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Noncombustible, but accelerates burning of combustible materials. May explode if large quantities are involved in a fire or the combustible material is finely divided. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Used to make explosives. (NTP, 1992) 
it is an organosiloxane that is pentasiloxane in which all the hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
Menaquinone is any member of the class of menaquinones that is 2-methyl-1,4-naphthoquinone with an unsaturated isoprenoid chain at the 3-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it is a tripeptide composed of one glycine and two L-phenylalanine residues joined in sequence It has a role as a metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid-7-o-glycosides. These are phenolic compounds containing a flavonoid moiety which is O-glycosidically linked to carbohydrate moiety at the C7-position. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and rosemary. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aromatic ether in which the ether functionality links a 2,3-dihydroxy-5-methylphenyl group with a 2,6-dihydroxy-4-methylphenyl group. Fungal metabolite isolated inter alia from Aspergillus spp. It has a role as a mycotoxin. It is a member of resorcinols, an aromatic ether and a member of catechols. 
Dimers and oligomers of flavan-3-ol units (CATECHIN analogs) linked mainly through C4 to C8 bonds to leucoanthocyanidins. They are structurally similar to ANTHOCYANINS but are the result of a different fork in biosynthetic pathways. 
it is a steroid comprising androstane having a C=C double bond at the 16(17)-position. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 
it alcohol appears as a tan colored liquid with a sulfur-like odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. it is a phosphorothioic acid that is the phosphoric acid having two of its oxygen atoms replaced by sulfur atoms. It is a conjugate acid of a dithiophosphate(2-). 
it is a carbohydrazide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy groups of malonic acid with the hydrino groups of two molar equivalents of N-methylbenzenecarbothiohydrazide It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a carbohydrazide and a thiocarbonyl compound. It derives from a malonic acid. it is a small-molecule bis(thio-hydrazide amide) with oxidative stress induction, pro-apoptotic, and potential antineoplastic activities. it induces oxidative stress, creating high levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS), such as hydrogen peroxide, in both cancer cells and normal cells. Because tumor cells have elevated levels of ROS compared to normal cells, the increase in oxidative stress beyond baseline levels elevates ROS beyond sustainable levels, exhausting tumor cell antioxidant capacity, which may result in the induction of the mitochondrial apoptosis pathway. Normal cells are spared because the increase in the level of oxidative stress induced by this agent is below the threshold at which apoptosis is induced. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the gamma-carboxy group of glutamic acid with the amino group of Se-methylselenocysteine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It derives from a Se-methylselenocysteine and a glutamic acid. 
it is a derivative of the antibiotic rifamycin. It is being investigated by ActivBiotics for the treatment of various bacterial infections. 
it is a brassinosteroid that is brassinolide carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 26. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite. It is a brassinosteroid, a 2alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 23-hydroxy steroid and a 26-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a brassinolide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one aryl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, N-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as lentinate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is prostaglandin F2alpha in which the hydroxy group at position 9 has been oxidised to the corresponding ketone. it is the most common and most biologically potent of mammalian prostaglandins. It has a role as an oxytocic, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a synthetic it (it) analogue with smooth muscle contraction inducing property. It has been suggested that it regulates the intracellular levels of cyclic 3, 5-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) by activating adenylate cyclase and thereby increases cellular membrane calcium ion transport. By acting directly on the myometrium, dinoprostone induces uterine and gastrointestinal smooth muscle contractions. 
it is a gulonic acid formed by oxidising the aldehyde group of L-gulose to a carboxylic acid group. It is a conjugate acid of a L-gulonate. It is an enantiomer of a D-gulonic acid. 
15alpha-it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C21H26N2O3, isolated from several plant species including Rhazya stricta, Tabernaemontana dichotoma and Aspidosperma pyricollum. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester, a primary alcohol, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an Aspidosperma alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a 15alpha-it(1+). 
Polyunsaturated side-chain quinone derivative which is an important link in the electron transport chain of green plants during the photosynthetic conversion of light energy by photophosphorylation into the potential energy of chemical bonds. 
it is a broad-spectrum, intravenous beta-lactam antibiotic of the carbapenem subgroup. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen and a member of carbapenems. it is a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic beta-lactam carbapenem derived from thienamycin, produced by Streptomyces cattleya. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes that are involved in the last stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. This inactivation results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually causes cell lysis. it has the greatest affinity for PBP 1A, 1B, and 2, and its lethal effect is related to binding to PBP 2 and 1B. This antibiotic is active against a wide range of gram-positive and gram-negative organisms and is stable in the presence of beta-lactamases. (NCI05) 
it is a ceramide phosphoinositol compound having a 2-hydroxyhexacosanoyl group attached to the ceramide nitrogen. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an inositol phosphoceramide and a phytosphingosine 1-phosphate. It derives from a phytosphingosine and a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
Gallotannin is a class of hydrolysable tannins obtained by condensation of the carboxy group of gallic acid (and its polymeric derivatives) with the hydroxy groups of a monosaccharide (most commonly glucose). It derives from a gallic acid. 
it is a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol substituted by an alpha-hydroxy group at position 7. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-hydroxy steroid and a member of phenols. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it is a reddish colored powder that may become black upon exposure to air. It is toxic by ingestion. It is used to manufacture electronic components and rubber. it is a chalcogen and a nonmetal atom. It has a role as a micronutrient. it is a nonmetallic chemical element found in trace amounts in human body. it primarily occurs in vivo as selenocompounds, mostly selenoproteins such as glutathione peroxidase and thioredoxin reductase (enzymes responsible for detoxification). Alone or in combination with Vitamin E, selenocompounds act as antioxidants. These agents scavenge free radicals; prevent blood clots by inhibiting platelet aggregation; strengthen the immune system; and have been shown, in some instances, to inhibit chromosomal damage and mutations. Exhibiting chemopreventive activity, selenocompounds also inhibit the induction of protein kinase C. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colorectal Cancer, Renal Cell Cancer, Colorectal Cancer Recurrent, Colorectal Cancer Metastatic, and Metastatic Renal Cell Cancer, among others. it is an orally bioavailable receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits several RTKs, dysregulated in a variety of tumors, including stem cell factor receptor (c-Kit; SCFR), vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) 2 and 3, platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) and FMS-like tyrosine kinases Flt1 and Flt3. Inhibition of these RTKs may result in an inhibition of tumor growth and angiogenesis, and eventually tumor regression in tumor cells overexpressing these RTKs. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02626026 (Safety and Pharmacokinetics of GS-4059 in Healthy Volunteers and Subjects With Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA)). it is an orally available formulation containing an inhibitor of Bruton agammaglobulinemia tyrosine kinase (BTK), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it covalently binds to BTK within B cells, thereby preventing B cell receptor signaling and impeding B cell development. As a result, this agent may inhibit the proliferation of B cell malignancies. BTK, a cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase and member of the Tec family of kinases, plays an important role in B lymphocyte development, activation, signaling, proliferation and survival. 
1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-3-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)pentan-3-ol is a tertiary alcohol that is pentan-3-ol substituted by a 4-chlorophenyl, methyl, methyl, and a 1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl at positions 1, 4, 4 and 3 respectively. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of triazoles and a tertiary alcohol. 
2-Isopropyl-1, 4-benzenediol, also known as 1, 4-dihydroxy-2-isopropylbenzene or 2, 5-dihydroxycumene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cumenes. These are aromatic compounds containing a prop-2-ylbenzene moiety. 2-Isopropyl-1, 4-benzenediol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-isopropyl-1, 4-benzenediol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a clear colorless oily liquid with a pleasant odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a butan-4-olide that is tetrahydrofuran substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It has a role as a neurotoxin and a metabolite. 
2, 4-Dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. 2, 4-Dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 4-Dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane has a fruity, grassy, and green taste. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is testosterone bearing a methyl group at the 17alpha position. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an anabolic agent and an androgen. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and an enone. It derives from a testosterone. it is a methylated synthetic androgen receptor agonist with anabolic effects. it, mimicking testosterone, binds to cytosolic androgen receptors, and the subsequent nuclear transfer of the ligand-receptor complex induces transcription initiation of androgen responsive genes. The gene products are responsible for normal growth and development of male sex organs and secondary sex characteristics. The agent also causes retention of nitrogen, sodium, potassium, phosphorus, as well as calcium. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from diphosphoric acid. It is a divalent inorganic anion and a diphosphate ion. It is a conjugate base of a diphosphate(1-). It is a conjugate acid of a diphosphate(3-). 
it is a colorless solid. Used as an analytical reagent for tin. (EPA, 1998) it is an organoarsonic acid and a member of arsonic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a phenylarsonate(1-). 
it, also known as 2-octyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane or 4-methyl-2-octyl-1, 3-dioxolane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, nonanal propyleneglycol acetal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a fruity taste. 
12alpha-12-Hydroxy-7, 13-abietadien-18-Oic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. 12alpha-12-Hydroxy-7, 13-abietadien-18-Oic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 12alpha-12-hydroxy-7, 13-abietadien-18-Oic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a 5alpha-chloestane compound having a 3alpha-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 3alpha-sterol and a 5alpha-cholestane. 
it is an amino cyclitol glycoside, an aminoglycoside antibiotic, a beta-L-arabinoside and a monosaccharide derivative. it is a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Micromonospora inyoensis. it is strucurally similar to gentamicin but has a unique unsaturated diamino sugar. Of the aminoglycoside antibiotics, it has the greatest activity against gram-positive bacteria. 
it is a carbamate ester that is (3-methylphenyl)carbamic acid in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a 3-[(methoxycarbonyl)amino]phenyl group. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. 
it is a nonsteroidal androgen receptor antagonist for the treatment of castrate-resistant, non-metastatic prostate cancer (nmCRPC). This condition occurs in the majority of patients with advanced prostate cancer who have been treated with androgen receptor antagonists. Though prior treatment for prostate cancer has been successful for these patients, the cancer eventually progresses to become resistant to existing therapies. This warrants further treatment.  The goal of treatment with it is to delay the progression of prostate cancer to metastatic disease, increasing quality of life and life expectancy for those with advanced prostate cancer. it was developed by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals Inc. and approved by the FDA on July 30th, 2019. 
Viekira Pak is a combination of oral antiviral agents that is used to treat chronic hepatitis C, genotype 1. This combination has been associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and has been reported to cause rare cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice and may result in hepatic decompensation in some patients with preexisting cirrhosis. it is an orally bioavailable, synthetic acylsulfonamide inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) protease complex comprised of non-structural protein 3 and 4A (NS3/NS4A), with potential activity against HCV genotype 1. Upon administration, it reversibly binds to the active center and binding site of the HCV NS3/NS4A protease and prevents NS3/NS4A protease-mediated polyprotein maturation. This disrupts both the processing of viral proteins and the formation of the viral replication complex, which inhibits viral replication in HCV genotype 1-infected host cells. NS3, a serine protease, is essential for the proteolytic cleavage of multiple sites within the HCV polyprotein and plays a key role during HCV ribonucleic acid (RNA) replication. NS4A is an activating factor for NS3. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family, and infection is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
it is a methylenetetrahydrofolic acid and a member of benzamides. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a folate-based biomodulator with potential antineoplastic activity. it (MTHF) stabilizes the covalent binding of the fluorouracil metabolite 5-5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-O-monophosphate (FdUMP) to its target enzyme, thymidylate synthase, which results in inhibition of thymidylate synthase, depletion of thymidine triphosphate (TTP), a necessary constituent of DNA, and tumor cell death. Unlike leucovorin, MTHF, as the active form of folate, does not require metabolic activation and may increase the chemotherapeutic effects of fluorouracil with lower toxicity. 
it is a L-histidine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it dizwitterion. 
it is the pivalate ester prodrug form of cefetamet, a semi-synthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. After oral administration of it, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active cefetamet. 
it is a hydroxy ketone ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the hydroxy group of (5R)-5-hydroxyhexan-2-one with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). It is a major component of the dauer pheromone, used by the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans as a population-density signal to promote entry into an alternate larval stage, the nonfeeding and highly persistent dauer diapause, and also synergises with ascr#3, ascr#4, and ascr#8 in male attraction. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite and a pheromone. It is a methyl ketone and a hydroxy ketone ascaroside. It derives from a (5R)-5-hydroxyhexan-2-one. 
(5Z,8Z,11Z)-icosatrienoic acid is an icosatrienoic acid with three cis-double bonds at positions 5, 8 and 11. It is a conjugate acid of a (5Z,8Z,11Z)-icosatrienoate. 
it is a hexynoic acid in which the triple bond is between the carbons at positions 5 and 6. It is a hexynoic acid and a terminal acetylenic compound. 
it is a galactonolactone derived from D-galactonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a D-galactonic acid. 
Fluorine F-18 6-Fluorodopamine  is a radioconjugate consisting of 6-fluorodopamine labeled with fluorine F18 (6-[18F]FDA), with potential diagnostic activity. Upon administration, 6-[18F]FDA is taken up by presynaptic sympathetic nerve endings via the norepinephrine transporter (NET) uptake-1. Once inside, 6-[18F]FDA is rapidly converted by dopamine-beta-hydroxylase into 6-[18F]fluoronorepinephrine (6-[18F]FNE) and stored into neuronal storage vesicles. Upon positron emission tomographic (PET) scanning of the F18, sympathetic innervated regions can be visualized, such as those in pheochromocytoma. 
Phosphinic acid is a phosphorus oxoacid that consists of a single pentavalent phosphorus covalently bound via single bonds to two hydrogens and a hydroxy group and via a double bond to an oxygen. The parent of the class of it. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a phosphorus oxoacid and a member of it. It is a conjugate acid of a phosphinate. 
it, solid is a white crystalline solid with an odor of chlorine. The material itself is noncombustible but if contaminated with a combustible material ignition can result. It will accelerate the burning of combustible materials. Contact with ammonium compounds or hydrated salts can cause a very vigorous chemical reaction. It may vigorously react with small quantities of water releasing chlorine gas. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat of the material may result in the vigorous decomposition of the material and the rupturing of its containers. Material containing less than 39 percent available chlorine will undergo reactions as described above though it may be longer to initiate and the resulting reaction may not be as vigorous. It is used as a dry bleach in household cleaning compounds and swimming pool disinfectants. 
Bryostatin 1 is a macrocyclic lactone isolated from the bryozoan Bugula neritina with antineoplastic activity. Bryostatin 1 binds to and inhibits the cell-signaling enzyme protein kinase C, resulting in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, the promotion of tumor cell differentiation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. This agent may act synergistically with other chemotherapeutic agents. (NCI04) 
it is a dihydroxyacetophenone that is ethanone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2 and a 4-hydroxyphenyl group at position 1. It is a member of phenols, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a dihydroxyacetophenone. 
it is a furan carrying acetyl and methyl substituents at the 2- and 5-positions respectively. It is a member of furans, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid or colorless to light yellow solution with an unpleasant odor. Insoluble to slightly soluble in water and less dense than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make perfumes. it is a C6, straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a hexanoate. Caproic Acid is a saturated medium-chain fatty acid with a 6-carbon backbone. it is found naturally in various plant and animal fats and oils. 
it is a phenothiazine compound having an acetyl group at the 2-position and a 2-(dimethylamino)-1-propyl group at the 10-position. It has a role as an anxiolytic drug, a sedative and a histamine antagonist. It is a member of phenothiazines, a tertiary amine, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-asparagine hydroxylated at N-4. It is a hydroxamic acid, a L-asparagine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a synthetic dolastatin 15 analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it suppresses spindle microtubule dynamics by binding to tubulin, thereby blocking mitosis. 
it, also known as ethyl beta -methylvalerate or fema 3679, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a fruity and pineapple taste. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy group at positions 5, 7, 3' and 4' and a geranyl group at position 6. Isolated from Macaranga tanarius and propolis collected in Okinawa, it exhibits radical scavenging activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a radical scavenger. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. 
it is an alkyl sulfate that is 7-methyloctyl ester of sulfuric acid. It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a kairomone. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-methyloctyl sulfate. 
it is a C-nitro compound that consists of nitrobenzene bearing a bromomethyl substituent at the para-position. It has a role as an allergen and a sensitiser. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of benzyl bromides. 
it is a member of the class of dibenzofurans that is dibenzofuran substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3, 4 and 7 and hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of dibenzofurans, an aromatic ether and a polyphenol. It derives from a hydride of a dibenzofuran. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of pyruvic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a pyruvic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is butanamide substituted by a diisopropylamino group at position 4, a phenyl group at position 2 and a pyridin-2-yl group at position 2. It is used as a anti-arrhythmia drug. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of pyridines and a tertiary amino compound. it is a class IA anti-arrhythmic agent with cardiac depressant property. it blocks the fast sodium channel in normal cardiac cell membranes within atrial and ventricular tissues. This slows the rate and amplitude of phase 0 depolarization and thus prolongs the duration of the action potential, thereby reducing cell excitability and conduction velocity. Further, it directly decreases the rate of diastolic (phase 4) depolarization in cells with normal or augmented automaticity. it also blocks potassium channel and results in prolonged QT interval, thus increases the effective refractory period. This agent also possesses anticholinergic property. 
it is the monohydrate of calcium acetate. It has a role as a chelator. It contains a calcium acetate. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is methylene chloride in which both hydrogens are replaced by phosphonic acid groups. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification, and is used (often as the disodium salt tetrahydrate) as an adjunct in the treatment of severe hypercalcaemia associated with malignancy, and in the management of osteolytic lesions and bone pain associated with skeletal metastases. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organochlorine compound, a one-carbon compound and a 1,1-bis(phosphonic acid). It is a conjugate acid of a clondronate(2-). it is a first-generation bisphosphonate with anti-resorptive and anti-hypercalcemic activities. it adsorbs onto the surface of the hydroxyapatite crystals in bone matrix. Although the exact mechanism through which it exerts its cytotoxic effect on osteoclasts has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent is metabolized intracellularly to a toxic beta-gamma-methylene analog of adenosine triphosphate (ATP), AppCCl2p. The ATP analog AppCCl2p competitively inhibits ADP/ATP translocase, thereby interfering with mitochondrial membrane potential and cellular energy metabolism. This may cause osteoclast apoptosis and, eventually, inhibiting osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. 
it is a homodetic cyclic peptide composed of L-alanyl, Lasparaginyl, L-prolylglycyl, L-leucyl, L-prolyl and L-tyrosyl residues linked in a sequence. It is isolated from the seeds of Annona montana and has been shown to exhibit anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at bpositions 1 and 5 and a methoxy group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. 
it is a phosphate salt of a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin. Etoposide binds to the enzyme topoisomerase II, inducing double-strand DNA breaks, inhibiting DNA repair, and resulting in decreased DNA synthesis and tumor cell proliferation. Cells in the S and G2 phases of the cell cycle are most sensitive to this agent. (NCI04) 
Kaletra is a mixture containing lopinavir and ritonavir. It is a prescription medicine that is used with other antiretroviral medicines to treat Human Immunodeficiency Virus-1 (HIV-1) infection in adults and children 14 days of age and older. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a HIV protease inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It contains a lopinavir and a ritonavir. 
it appears as white to light tan crystalline powder or a fine beige powder. Very slight aromatic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of hydroquinones in which one of the ring hydrogens of hydroquinone is replaced by a tert-butyl group. It has a role as a food antioxidant. 
2-methylamino-1-phenylpropan-1-one is an aromatic ketone that is propiophenone in which the hydrogen alpha- to the keto group has been replaced by a methylamino group. It is an aromatic ketone and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a desulfoglucosinolic acid resulting from the formal condensation of the thiol group of N-hydroxybut-3-enethioamide with beta-D-glucopyranose. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite. 
2,5-dimethyl-2,5-dihydroperoxy hexane, not more than 82% with water appears as white wet solid. May float or sink in water. This solid peroxide is particularly sensitive to temperature rises. Above a given \ 
it, also known as 18a-glycyrrhetinate or 18alpha-ga, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of triazolobenzodiazepines that is 4H-[1,2,4]triazolo[4,3-a][1,4]benzodiazepine carrying methyl, phenyl and chloro substituents at positions 1, 6 and 8 respectively. it is only found in individuals that have taken this drug. It has a role as an anxiolytic drug, an anticonvulsant, a muscle relaxant, a sedative, a GABA agonist and a xenobiotic. It is a triazolobenzodiazepine and an organochlorine compound. it is a triazolobenzodiazepine agent with anxiolytic, sedative-hypnotic and anticonvulsant activities. it binds to a specific site distinct from the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) binding site on the benzodiazepine-GABA-A-chloride ionophore receptor complex located in the limbic, thalamic and hypothalamic regions of the central nervous system (CNS). This binding causes an allosteric modification of the receptor and enhances the affinity of GABA to the receptor leading to an increase in the frequency of chloride-channel opening events. This leads to an increase in chloride ion conductance, neuronal hyperpolarization, inhibition of the action potential and leads to a decrease in neuronal excitability. 
Stigmasterol 3-O-acetate is a steroid ester obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of phytosterol with acetic acid. It has been obtained from the mycelia of Cordyceps sinensis. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a steroid ester and an acetate ester. It derives from a stigmasterol. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
it is an anthranilamide derivative with multidrug resistance properties. it non-competitively binds to the p-glycoprotein transporter, thereby inhibiting transmembrane transport of anticancer drugs. Inhibition of transmembrane transport may result in increased intracellular concentrations of an anticancer drug, thereby augmenting its cytotoxicity. (NCI04) 
it is a thia fatty acid acid consisting of propionic acid with a methylthio substituent at the 3-position; an intermediate in mammalian methionine metabolism in vitro. The simplest known phytotoxin, it is a blight-inducing toxin produced by the cassava pathogen Xanthomonas campestris manihotis. It has a role as a phytotoxin. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(methylthio)propionate. 
The porcine antidiuretic hormone (VASOPRESSINS). It is a cyclic nonapeptide that differs from ARG-VASOPRESSIN by one amino acid, containing a LYSINE at residue 8 instead of an ARGININE. Lys-vasopressin is used to treat DIABETES INSIPIDUS or to improve vasomotor tone and BLOOD PRESSURE. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 2-chloro-N-(2,4-dimethylthiophen-3-yl)-N-[(2S)-1-methoxypropan-2-yl]acetamide. It is the active enantiomer of dimethenamid, a herbicide applied to the soil to control various broad-leaved weeds and grasses. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an antimitotic. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-dimethenamid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. 
2-Acetyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine, also known as 1-(3, 5-dimethylpyrazinyl)-ethanone or pyrazine, 2-acetyl-3, 5-dimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 2-Acetyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-acetyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Acetyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine is a caramel, hazelnut, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-acetyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a leukotriene that is (5S,7E,9E,11Z,14Z)-5-hydroxyicosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid in which a glutathionyl group is attached at position 6 via a sulfide linkage. It has a role as a bronchoconstrictor agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a CDP-3,6-dideoxy-D-mannose in which the anomeric centre of the sugar component has alpha-configuration. It derives from an alpha-tyvelopyranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid that is octadecanoic acid carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 9 and 10. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (9S,10R)-dihydroxyoctadecanoate. It is an enantiomer of a (9R,10S)-dihydroxyoctadecanoic acid. 
it, also known as crambene or 1-cyano-3-buten-2-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as secondary alcohols. Secondary alcohols are compounds containing a secondary alcohol functional group, with the general structure HOC(R)(R') (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-cyano-2-hydroxy-3-butene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
A 27-amino acid peptide with histidine at the N-terminal and isoleucine amide at the C-terminal. The exact amino acid composition of the peptide is species dependent. The peptide is secreted in the intestine, but is found in the nervous system, many organs, and in the majority of peripheral tissues. It has a wide range of biological actions, affecting the cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, respiratory, and central nervous systems. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the carboxy group of butyric acid by a sodium ion. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor. It contains a butyrate. it is the sodium salt of butyrate with potential antineoplastic activity. Butyrate, a short chain fatty acid, competitively binds to the zinc sites of class I and II histone deacetylases (HDACs). This binding affects hyperacetylation of histones, resulting in a modified DNA conformation, which subsequently leads to the uncoiling or relaxing of chromatin. Enhanced accessibility of chromatin to transcription-regulatory complexes leads to increased transcriptional activation of various epigenetically suppressed genes. Butyrate, a HDAC inhibitor, induces cell cycle arrest in G1 or G2/M and also increases the expression of other genes and proteins involved in cellular differentiation and apoptotic signaling. 
it is 2'-Deoxyadenosine in which the hydrogen at position 2 on the purine ring has been substituted by chlorine. It inhibits the synthesis and repair of DNA, particularly in lymphocytes and monocytes, and is used as an antimetabolite antineoplastic drug for the treatment of lymphoid malignancies including hairy-cell leukaemia and chronic lymphocytic leukaemia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an immunosuppressive agent. It is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside and an organochlorine compound. it is a purine nucleoside antimetabolite analogue. it triphosphate, a phosphorylated metabolite of it, incorporates into DNA, resulting in single-strand breaks in DNA, depletion of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) and adenosine triphosphate (ATP), and apoptosis. Because this agent is resistant to adenosine deaminase, an enzyme that inactivates some antineoplastic agents, it is selectively toxic to lymphocytes and monocytes which exhibit little deoxynucleotide deaminase activity. (NCI04) 
it is an imidazopyrazine that is imidazo[1,2-a]pyrazin-3(7H)-one in which positions 2, 6, and 8 are substituted by 4-hydroxybenzyl, 4-hydroxyphenyl, and benzyl groups, respectively. It has a role as a luciferin. It is a member of phenols and an imidazopyrazine. It derives from a hydride of an imidazo[1,2-a]pyrazine. 
Etoposide and teniposide are semisynthetic analogues of podophyllotoxin that are used as antineoplastic agents in the therapy of several forms of solid tumors, leukemia and lymphoma, usually in combination with other agents. Both etoposide and teniposide are associated with an appreciable rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and high doses have been implicated in causing clinically apparent acute liver injury including sinusoidal obstruction syndrome. Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. Teniposide forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is an alpha-amino acid ester that is the methyl ester of L-phenylalanine. It is an alpha-amino acid ester and a L-phenylalanine derivative. 
it is a tetramethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6, 7, 8 and 6' and hydroxy groups at positons 5 and 2' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anti-asthmatic drug. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is a clear colorless mobile liquid with a pleasant lemon-like odor. (NTP, 1992) (4R)-limonene is an optically active form of limonene having (4R)-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (4S)-limonene. Limonene, (+)- is an oral dietary supplement containing a natural cyclic monoterpene and major component of the oil extracted from citrus peels with potential chemopreventive and antitumor activities. Although the mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, limonene and its metabolites perillic acid, dihydroperillic acid, uroterpenol and limonene 1,2-diol may inhibit tumor growth through inhibition of p21-dependent signaling and may induce apoptosis via the induction of the transforming growth factor beta-signaling pathway. In addition, they inhibit post-translational modification of signal transduction proteins, resulting in G1 cell cycle arrest as well as differential expression of cell cycle- and apoptosis-related genes. 
it is a pyrazine that is substituted by an acetyl group at position 2. It has been identified as one of the volatile flavor constituents in popcorn, bread crust, vinegar, and potato snacks. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It is an aromatic ketone and a member of pyrazines. 
it is a member of the class of malonyl-CoAs that is malonyl-CoA carrying a methyl group on the malony side chain. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a methylmalonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is a dichlorocatechol that is catechol in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 are replaced by chlorines. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 
A versatile red dye used in cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, textiles, etc., and as tissue stain, vital stain, and counterstain with HEMATOXYLIN. It is also used in special culture media. 
it is a vasopeptidase inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it exerts its effect by inhibiting angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) and neutral endopeptidase (NEP). ACE inhibition results in inhibition of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system thereby leading to the reduction of vasoconstriction. Inhibition of NEP leads to the inhibition of hydrolyzation of a number of endogenous vasoactive peptides, such as bradykinin and substance P and as NEP is the principal enzyme degrading natriuretic peptides, NEP inhibition also results in an increase in natriuretic peptidase circulation. Ultimately both effects result in blood vessel relaxation. 
it is a 1-acyl-sn-glycerol that is the S-enantiomer of 2,3-dihydroxypropyl dodecanoate (glyceryl monolaurate). It is a 1-acyl-sn-glycerol and a 1-monolauroylglycerol. It is an enantiomer of a 3-lauroyl-sn-glycerol. 
2'-O-Methyladenosine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleosides. Purine nucleosides are compounds comprising a purine base attached to a ribosyl or deoxyribosyl moiety. 2'-O-Methyladenosine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a benzimidazole-quinolinone compound and receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the phosphorylation of type III-V RTKs, such as vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) and platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) that promote tumor cell proliferation and survival in certain cancer cells. In addition, this agent also inhibits other members of the RTK superfamily, including fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 and 3, FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3, stem cell factor receptor (c-KIT), and colony stimulating factor receptor 1. This may further lead to a reduction of cellular proliferation and angiogenesis, and an induction of tumor cell apoptosis. 
it is a heptitol that is heptane-1,2,3,4,5,6,7-heptol that has R-configuration at positions 2, 3, 4 and 5, and S-configuration at position 6. 
it is meropenem in which the one of the two methyl groups attached to the amide nitrogen is replaced by hydrogen while the other is replaced by a 3-carboxyphenyl group. The sodium salt is used for the treatment of moderate to severe susceptible infections including intra-abdominal and acute gynaecological infections, pneumonia, and infections of the skin and of the urinary tract. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a carbapenemcarboxylic acid and a pyrrolidinecarboxamide. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is a 1-beta-methyl carbapenem and broad-spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal property. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located on the bacterial cell wall, in particular PBPs 2 and 3, thereby inhibiting the final transpeptidation step in the synthesis of peptidoglycan, an essential component of the bacterial cell wall. Inhibition results in a weakening and subsequent lysis of the cell wall leading to cell death of Gram-positive and Gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic pathogens. This agent is stable against hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, cephalosporinases and extended-spectrum beta-lactamases. 
it, also known as 4EM CPD or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylethers. These are aromatic ethers with the general formula ROCR' (R = alkyl, aryl; R'=benzene). it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Src Inhibitor-1 is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted at position 4 by a p-phenoxyanilino group and at positions 6 and 7 by methoxy groups. It is a potent, competitive dual site (both the ATP- and peptide-binding) Src kinase inhibitor. Src Inhibitor-1 is one of the 'gold standards' for Src kinase inhibition that has been shown to use PP1 or PP2 in parallel with Src-I1 to inhbit Src family kinases. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a polyether. 
it is a direct acting antiviral agent and Hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5A inhibitor that targets the the viral RNA replication and viron assembly. In combination with [DB13879], pibrentastiv is a useful therapy for patients who experienced therapeutic failure from other NS5A inhibitors. In cell cultures, the emergence of amino acid substitutions at known NS5A inhibitor resistance-associated positions in HCV genotype 1a, 2a or 3a replicons led to reduced susceptibility and resistance to it. These resistance-associated amino acid substitutions included Q30D/deletion, Y93D/H/N or H58D +Y93H in genotype 1a replicons, F28S + M31I or P29S + K30G in genotype 2a replicons, and Y93H in genotype 3a replicons. Individual NS5A amino acid substitutions that reduced susceptibility to it include M28G or Q30D in a genotype 1a replicon and P32-deletion in a genotype 1b replicon.   it is available as an oral combination therapy with [DB13879] under the brand name Mavyret. This fixed-dose combination therapy was FDA-approved in August 2017 to treat adults with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1-6 without cirrhosis (liver disease) or with mild cirrhosis, including patients with moderate to severe kidney disease and those who are on dialysis. Mavyret is also indicated for HCV genotype 1-infected patients who have been previously treated with regimens either containing an NS5A inhibitor or an NS3/4A protease inhibitor, but not both. Hepatitis C viral infection often leads to decreased liver function and subsequent liver failure, causing a significantly negative impact on the patients' quality of life. The ultimate goal of the combination treatment is to achieve sustained virologic response (SVR) and cure the patients from the infection. In clinical trials, this combination therapy achieved SVR12 rate, or undetectable Hepatitis C for twelve or more weeks after the end of treatment, of â‰¥93% across genotypes 1a, 2a, 3a, 4, 5 and 6. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
Nafarelin Acetate is the acetate salt form of nafarelin, a modified synthetic porcine luteinizing hormone (LH)-releasing hormone peptide analog, with gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonist activity. Upon nasal inhalation, nafarelin acetate binds to the GnRH receptor. This initially results in the release of the gonadotropins, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and LH, from the pituitary gland; however, prolonged stimulation of the GnRH receptor desensitizes the receptor, which leads to decreased secretion of FSH and LH. In females, the inhibition of gonadotropin secretion causes hypogonadotropic hypogonadism leading to decreased production of estrogen and progesterone and anovulation. In males, the inhibition of LH secretion prevents the production and release of testosterone from Leydig cells in the testes and causes a significant decline in testosterone production that is near the levels seen following castration. 
Gold Sodium Thiomalate is the sodium salt of gold thiomalic acid, an organogold compound with antirheumatic and potential antineoplastic activities. Gold sodium thiomalate (GST) appears to inhibit the activity of atypical protein kinase C iota (PKCiota) by forming a cysteinyl-aurothiomalate adduct with the cysteine residue Cys-69 within the PB1 binding domain of PKCiota. This prevents the binding of Par6 (Partitioning defective protein 6) to PKCiota, thereby inhibiting PKCiota-mediated oncogenic signaling, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, the promotion of tumor cell differentiation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. Atypical PKCiota, a serine/threonine kinase overexpressed in numerous cancer cell types, plays an important role in cancer proliferation, invasion, and survival; Par6 is a scaffold protein that facilitates atypical PKC-mediated phosphorylation of cytoplasmic proteins involved in epithelial and neuronal cell polarization. 
A neuropeptide toxin from the venom of the funnel web spider, Agelenopsis aperta. It inhibits CALCIUM CHANNELS, P-TYPE by altering the voltage-dependent gating so that very large depolarizations are needed for channel opening. It also inhibits CALCIUM CHANNELS, Q-TYPE. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of the tropane alkaloid cocaine, with central nervous systems (CNS) stimulating and local anesthetic activity. Cocaine binds to the dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine transport proteins and inhibits the re-uptake of dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine into pre-synaptic neurons. This leads to an accumulation of the respective neurotransmitters in the synaptic cleft and may result in increased postsynaptic receptor activation. Its effect on dopamine levels causes CNS stimulation and euphoria, and ultimately dependence. The mechanism of action through which cocaine exerts its local anesthetic effects is by binding to and blocking the voltage-gated sodium channels in the neuronal cell membrane. By stabilizing neuronal membranes, cocaine inhibits the initiation and conduction of nerve impulses and produces a reversible loss of sensation. 
it is an optically active form of it having L-configuration. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an aspartate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, an it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-asparaginium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-asparaginate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a non-essential amino acid in humans, it is a beta-amido derivative of aspartic acid and plays an important role in the biosynthesis of glycoproteins and other proteins. A metabolic precursor to aspartate, it is a nontoxic carrier of residual ammonia to be eliminated from the body. it acts as diuretic. (NCI04) 
it, also known as cornustannin 2 or eugeniin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, tellimagrandin ii can be found in a number of food items such as enokitake, rape, swiss chard, and swamp cabbage. This makes tellimagrandin ii a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazolopyrimidines that is 1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidine substituted by isopropyl, 5-hydroxyindol-2-yl and amino groups at positions 1, 3 and 4 respectively. It is a potent inhibitor of mTOR and exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as a mTOR inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyrazolopyrimidine, a member of phenols, a member of hydroxyindoles, a biaryl, an aromatic amine and a primary amino compound. 
it is a synthetic derivative of inosinic acid with antiretroviral and immunomodulatory properties. it acts through a number of pathways to stimulate intracellular antiviral activity of the immune system: it stimulates interferon production; activates the oligoadenylate synthase-RNase L pathway; stimulates natural killer cell activity; and acts as a non-mitogenic stimulator of the immune system. This agent also inhibits replication of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) in vitro. (NCI04) 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of a lipophilic, weak base with potassium-competitive acid blocking (P-CAB) activity. Revaprazan concentrates highly in the gastric parietal cell canaliculus and on entering this acidic environment is instantly protonated and binds competitively and reversibly to the potassium binding site of the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting the pump's activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a mild odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is an alkene that is undecane containing one double bond located at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
its a naphthoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-hydroxy-7-methoxy-5-methyl-1-naphthoic acid with the 5-hydroxy group of (1aS,5R,6R,6aE,9aR)-5-hydroxy-1a-[(4R)-2-oxo-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]-2,3,8,9-tetradehydro-1a,5,6,9a-tetrahydrocyclopenta[5,6]cyclonona[1,2-b]oxiren-6-yl 2,6-dideoxy-2-(methylamino)-alpha-D-galactopyranoside. The chromophoric part of neocarzinostatin, it is tightly and non-covelently bound to a 113-membered apoprotein, which serves to protect it and release it to the target DNA. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a monosaccharide derivative, a cyclopentacyclononaoxirene, a D-galactosaminide, a dioxolane and a naphthoate ester. 
Gamma-aminobutyric acid zwitterion is zwitterionic form of gamma-aminobutyric acid having an anionic carboxy group and a protonated amino group. It is a tautomer of a gamma-aminobutyric acid. 
it is a piperidine that is 3-methyl-2,4-dioxo-3,4-dihydropyrimidine carrying additional 2-cyanobenzyl and 3-aminopiperidin-1-yl groups at positions 1 and 2 respectively (the R-enantiomer). Used in the form of its benzoate salt for treatment of type 2 diabetes. It has a role as an EC 3.4.14.5 (dipeptidyl-peptidase IV) inhibitor and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a nitrile, a member of piperidines, a member of pyrimidines and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a selective, orally bioavailable, pyrimidinedione-based inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. In addition to its effect on glucose levels, it may inhibit inflammatory responses by preventing the toll-like receptor 4 (TLR-4)-mediated formation of proinflammatory cytokines. 
it is a chlorobenzoate obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group of 3,4-dichlorobenzoic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3,4-dichlorobenzoic acid. 
Gadobutrol is a gadolinium-based, hydrophilic, macrocyclic, electrically neutral contrast agent used in contrast-enhanced MRI (CE-MRI). Gadobutrol is a non-ionic, paramagnetic complex consisting of gadolinium (Gd3+) chelated with the macrocyclic compound dihydroxy-hydroxymethylpropyl-tetraazacyclododecane-triacetic acid (butrol). Following intravenous administration, gadobutrol may increase MRI sensitivity for the detection of tumors and inflammatory and demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) that are associated with areas with blood-brain barrier defects due to altered perfusion or an enlarged extracellular space. This agent is eliminated in an unchanged form via the kidneys; extra-renal elimination is negligible. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is 2-phenylpropionic acid in which the phenyl group is substituted at the para position by a 3-(hydroxyimino)cyclohexyl group. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a ketoxime. It derives from a hydratropic acid. 
it is a polyketide that is anthrone bearing four hydroxy substituents at positions 1, 3, 6 and 8 as well as a hexanoyl substituent at position 2. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a member of anthracenes, a cyclic ketone and a polyketide. It derives from an anthrone. It is a conjugate acid of a norsolorinate anthrone(2-) and a it(1-). 
it is an alpha,omega dicarboxyacyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with one of the carboxy groups of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaric acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an omega-carboxyacyl-CoA and a 3-hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a glutaryl-CoA and a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaric acid. 
it is a tertiary amino compound that consists of cyclohexane having piperidin-1-yl and benzothiophen-2-yl groups attached at position 1. A potent dopamine re-uptake inhibitor with a behavioral profile different from that of phencyclidine (PCP) and similar to that of cocaine. It has a role as a dopamine uptake inhibitor. It is a member of 1-benzothiophenes, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a 1-[1-(1-benzothiophen-2-yl)cyclohexyl]piperidinium(1+). 
it is an N-acetylglycinate salt resulting from the reaction of diminazene with 2 mol eq. of N-acetylglycine. It has a role as an antiparasitic agent and a trypanocidal drug. It contains a diminazene(2+). 
it is an N-alkylpyrrolidine that is cotinine substituted at position C-3 by a hydroxy group (the 3R,5S-diastereomer). It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a member of pyridines, a pyrrolidine alkaloid and a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones. It derives from a (-)-cotinine. 
it, also known as it or tyr-cys, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 3H-furo[2,3-b]pyrano[3,2-f]quinoline carrying a gem-dimethyl group at position 3 as well as two methoxy substituents at positions 5 and 11. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a quinoline alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an aromatic ether. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Toxic by ingestion and is strongly irritating to skin and eyes. It is used to make nylon. it is a diisocyanate compound with the two isocyanates linked by a hexane-1,6-diyl group. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an artichoke, creamy, and meaty taste. 
it is a small-molecule inhibitor of heat shock protein 90 (HSP90) with antiproliferative and antineoplastic activities. it binds to and inhibits the cytosolic chaperone functions of HSP90, which maintains the stability and functional shape of many oncogenic signaling proteins and may be overexpressed or overactive in tumor cells. it-mediated inhibition of HSP90 promotes the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins in susceptible tumor cell populations, which may result in the induction of apoptosis. 
it is the conjugate base of itylic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a itylic acid. 
Fomivirsen Sodium is the sodium salt form of fomivirsen, an antisense phosphorothioate oligodeoxynucleotide (ODN) with potent antiviral property. Fomivirsen is a 21-nucleotide ODN complementary to mRNA of the immediate-early region 2 of human cytomegalovirus (CMV). Hybridization of this antisense ODN to CMV mRNA prevents RNA transcription from the immediate-early region 2 gene, thereby inhibiting viral replication. In addition, this agent inhibits adsorption of CMV into host cells via a sequence-independent mechanism. Overall, fomivirsen inhibits viral propagation via inhibiting viral replication and viral uptake by host cells, hence delaying progression of CMV-associated retinitis. 
BGT226 is the maleate salt of 8-(6-methoxypyridin-3-yl)-3-methyl-1-[4-(piperazin-1-yl)-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-1,3-dihydro-2H-imidazo[4,5-c]quinolin-2-one. A dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a mTOR inhibitor and an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor. It contains a BGT226(1+). 
it is the N(4)-acetyl derivative of L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid It derives from a L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
1-(4-chlorophenoxy)-3-{[2-(4-ethoxyphenyl)-3,3,3-trifluoropropoxy]methyl}benzene is an aromatic ether that is [3-(4-chlorophenoxy)phenyl]methanol in which the hydroxy group is replaced by a 2-(4-ethoxyphenyl)-3,3,3-trifluoropropoxy group. It is an aromatic ether, an organofluorine compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
Not considered one of the 20 amino acids, it is a sulfur-containing derivative obtained from oxidation of cysteine amino acid thiol side chains. It functions as an antioxidant and protects tissues against radiation and pollution, slowing the aging process. It also aids protein synthesis. it is abundant in many proteins of skeletal tissues and skin, and found in insulin and digestive enzymes chromotrypsinogen A, papain, and trypsinogen. (NCI04) 
it (TC-2403, it, (E)-it) is a partial agonist at neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, binding primarily to the Î±4Î²2 subtype. It was originally developed as a potential treatment for Alzheimer's disease for its nootropic effects but has also been found to inhibit the production of Interleukin-8. It has subsequently been developed as a potential anti-inflammatory treatment for ulcerative colitis. it also has stimulant and analgesic actions which are thought due to increased noradrenaline release. 
it is the probenate salt form of pivampicillin, a semisynthetic, orally active pivalate ester of ampenicillin with antibacterial activity. Upon absorption, pivampicillin is hydrolyzed into its active form ampicillin by esterases. Ampicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually causing cell lysis. 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point of 82Â°F. Decomposes above 350Â°F. Density 1.052 g / cm3. Vapors much heavier than air. and insoluble in water. Vapors may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used as a propellant and as a solvent. it is a nitroalkane that is ethane substituted by a nitro group. It is a tautomer of an aci-it. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharide phosphates. These are monosaccharides comprising a phosphated group linked to the carbohydrate unit. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is imidazole that is substituted at positions 2 and 5 by (6-hydroxy-1H-indol-3-yl)carbonyl and 6-bromo-1H-indol-3-yl groups respectively. Isolated from Mediterranean shallow-water sponges Topsentia genetrix, and from Caribbean deep-sea sponges of the Halichondriidae family, it has antitumour and antiviral properties. Toxic to fish. It has a role as an antiviral agent, an antineoplastic agent and a marine metabolite. It is a member of imidazoles, an indole alkaloid, a member of hydroxyindoles, a bromoindole and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a tripeptide compound consisting of glutamic acid attached via its side chain to the N-terminus of cysteinylglycine. It has a role as a skin lightening agent, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite, an antioxidant and a cofactor. It is a tripeptide, a thiol and a L-cysteine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a itate(1-). it is a tripeptide comprised of three amino acids (cysteine, glutamic acid, and glycine) present in most mammalian tissue. it acts as an antioxidant, a free radical scavenger and a detoxifying agent. it is also important as a cofactor for the enzyme it peroxidase, in the uptake of amino acids, and in the synthesis of leukotrienes. As a substrate for it S-transferase, this agent reacts with a number of harmful chemical species, such as halides, epoxides and free radicals, to form harmless inactive products. In erythrocytes, these reactions prevent oxidative damage through the reduction of methemoglobin and peroxides. it is also involved in the formation and maintenance of disulfide bonds in proteins and in the transport of amino acids across cell membranes. 
it is a it in which the two pyridine moieties are linked by a bond between positions C-2 and C-2'. It has a role as a ligand. 
it is a synthetic, alpha-bromoacrylic, second-generation minor groove binder (MGB), related to distamycin A, with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to DNA minor groove DNA, after having formed a highly reactive glutathione (GSH)-it complex in the presence of the enzyme glutathione S-transferase (GST), which is overexpressed in cancer cells; DNA replication and cell division are inhibited, resulting in tumor cell death. Compared to typical MGBs, this agent appears to bind covalently to DNA in a different manner and its activity does not depend on a functional DNA mismatch repair (MMR) mechanism. Accordingly, it may be effective against MMR-defective tumors that are refractory to various anticancer agents. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as limonoids. These are highly oxygenated, modified terpenoids with a prototypical structure either containing or derived from a precursor with a 4, 4, 8-trimethyl-17-furanylsteroid skeleton. All naturally occurring citrus limonoids contain a furan ring attached to the D-ring, at C-17, as well as oxygen containing functional groups at C-3, C-4, C-7, C-16 and C-17. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, nomilin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a bitter tasting compound that can be found in citrus, lemon, mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), and sweet orange. This makes nomilin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Creosote, beechwood is a colorless to yellowish oily liquid with a smoky odor and caustic burning taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a monomethoxybenzene that consists of phenol with a methoxy substituent at the ortho position. It has a role as an expectorant, a disinfectant, a plant metabolite and an EC 1.1.1.25 (shikimate dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It derives from a catechol. 
it is an antineoplastic agent which acts by inhibitor of cellular mitosis and which currently plays a central role in the therapy of ovarian, breast, and lung cancer. Therapy with it has been associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations, but has not been clearly linked to cases of clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a compound extracted from the Pacific yew tree Taxus brevifolia with antineoplastic activity. it binds to tubulin and inhibits the disassembly of microtubules, thereby resulting in the inhibition of cell division. This agent also induces apoptosis by binding to and blocking the function of the apoptosis inhibitor protein Bcl-2 (B-cell Leukemia 2). (NCI04) 
it is a carboxylic ester that is the carboxymethyl ester of indometacin. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it is used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, and low back pain, as well as for postoperative pain and inflammation. Its activity is due to both it and its major metabolite, indometacin. It has a role as a prodrug, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a N-acylindole, a monocarboxylic acid, a carboxylic ester, an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an indometacin. 
it, also known as DMPC, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic carbonic acids and derivatives. Organic carbonic acids and derivatives are compounds comprising the organic carbonic acid or a derivative thereof. it exists as a liquid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, velcorin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is 1,3-Dimethylxanthine in which the hydrogen at position 8 is substituted by chlorine. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant. It is a member of purines and an organochlorine compound. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of benzenesulfonic acids consisting of benzene carrying two sulfo groups at positions 1 and 2 respectively. 
it appears as a colorless to brownish purple crystalline solid. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation and an irritant to skin and eyes. Soluble in water, alcohol and ether. Decomposes to emit toxic oxides of nitrogen when heated to high temperature. Used in making dyes. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is trans-[(1R)-1-aminoethyl]cyclohexanecarboxamide in which one of the nitrogens of the aminocarbony group is substituted by a pyridine nucleus. It has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against Rho-associated protein kinase (ROCK) enzyme. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of pyridines and a primary amino compound. 
Phenoxarsine, 10,10&#39;-oxydi- appears as a clear light yellow liquid with a mild odor. Insoluble in water and slightly denser than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. 
it is a toluene meta-diisothiocyanate in which the isothiocyanato groups are at positions 2 and 4 relative to the methyl group on the benzene ring. It has a role as a hapten. 
it is a limonoid found in Azadirachta indica. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a pesticide. It is an acetate ester, a limonoid, a member of furans, a cyclic terpene ketone, an enone, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a methyl ester. 
Hematoxylin appears as white to yellowish crystals that redden on exposure to light. (NTP, 1992) it is a haematoxylin. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-haematoxylin. 
2-(hydroxymethyl)-4-(1-hydroxy-2-{[6-(4-phenylbutoxy)hexyl]amino}ethyl)phenol is a phenol having a hydroxymethyl group at C-2 and a 1-hydroxy-2-{[6-(4-phenylbutoxy)hexyl]amino}ethyl group at C-4; derivative of phenylethanolamine. It is a member of phenols, an ether, a secondary alcohol, a primary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a phenylethanolamine. it is a highly selective, long-acting beta-2 adrenergic agonist with bronchodilatory activity. it's benzene moiety resembles the structure of catecholamines, and occupies the active site of beta-2 adrenergic receptor, while the long, lipophilic side chain of it, binds to the so called 'exosite' near the beta-2 adrenergic receptors. The binding at the exosite allows the active portion of the molecule to remain at the receptor site and continually engage and disengage with the receptor, therefore providing a long duration of action. This agent stimulates intracellular adenyl cyclase to catalyze the conversion of adenosine triphosphate to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels result in relaxation of bronchiolar smooth muscle, bronchodilation and increased bronchial airflow. 
it(2-) is a dicarboxylic acid dianion resulting from the removal of a proton from both of the carboxy groups of succinic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a C4-dicarboxylate, a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a it. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it is a carbamate ester that is carbamic acid in which the nitrogen has been substituted by a butyl group and in which the hydrogen of the carboxy group is replaced by a 1-iodoprop-2-yn-3-yl group. A fungicide, it is used as a preservative and sapstain control chemical in wood products and as a preservative in adhesives, paints, latex paper coating, plastic, water-based inks, metal working fluids, textiles, and numerous consumer products. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a carbamate ester, an organoiodine compound, an acetylenic compound and a carbamate fungicide. 
Trisodium guanosine 5'-[beta,gamma-imido]triphosphate is an organic sodium salt that is the trisodium salt of guanosine 5'-[beta,gamma-imido]triphosphate. It contains a guanosine 5'-[beta,gamma-imido]triphosphate(4-). 
it is an orally bioavailable synthetic carbothioamide with potential antineoplastic activity. Multitargeted receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor it binds to mutant forms of the stem cell factor receptor (c-Kit; SCFR), inhibiting clinically relevant mutants of this receptor tyrosine kinase that may be associated with resistance to therapy. In addition, it inhibits activities of other receptor tyrosine kinases, such as c-Met, Ret oncoprotein, and mutant forms of Flt3 and PDGFR alpha, which are frequently dysregulated in variety of tumors. This agent also suppresses the induction of DNA repair protein Rad51, thereby potentiating the activities of DNA damage-inducing agents. Mutant forms of c-Kit are often associated with tumor chemoresistance. 
it is a 5-[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-4-oxo-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1,5-benzothiazepin-3-yl acetate in which both stereocentres have S configuration. A calcium-channel blocker and vasodilator, it is used as the hydrochloride in the management of angina pectoris and hypertension. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker, a vasodilator agent and an antihypertensive agent. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. it is a benzothiazepine derivative with anti-hypertensive, antiarrhythmic properties. it blocks voltage-sensitive calcium channels in the blood vessels, by inhibiting the ion-control gating mechanisms, thereby preventing calcium levels increase by other revenues. Alternatively, it has been suggested that this agent also interferes with the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum and inhibits the influx of extracellular calcium across both the myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cell membranes. The overall low calcium levels leads to dilatation of the main coronary and systemic arteries and decreasing myocardial contractility, decreased peripheral arterial resistance, improved oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, and decreased cardiac output. 
Ethyl 1-naphthylacetic acid, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. Ethyl 1-naphthylacetic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ethyl 1-naphthylacetic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Pure white crystalline solid. Used as a fungicide. Irritates skin and mucous membranes. (2-chlorophenyl)(4-chlorophenyl)pyit-5-ylmethanol is a member of the class of pyites that is pyit-5-ylmethanol in which one of the hydrogens attached to the carbon bearing the hydroxy group is replaced by a 2-chlorophenyl group while the other is replaced by a 4-chlorophenyl group. It is a tertiary alcohol, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of pyites. 
it, also known as acetyldon, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, acetyldeoxynivalenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, acetyldeoxynivalenol can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes acetyldeoxynivalenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid consisting of L-2-amino-6-oxoheptanedioic acid having a succinoyl group attached to the nitrogen. It derives from a pimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-2-succinylamino-6-oxoheptanedioate(3-). 
A non-peptide, kappa-opioid receptor agonist which has also been found to stimulate the release of adrenocorticotropin (ADRENOCORTICOTROPIC HORMONE) via the release of hypothalamic arginine vasopressin (ARGININE VASOPRESSIN) and CORTICOTROPIN-RELEASING HORMONE. (From J Pharmacol Exp Ther 1997;280(1):416-21) 
it, also known as (e)-it or fema 3594, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a fresh, ozone, and pine tasting compound that can be found in hyssop, rosemary, spearmint, and wild celery. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid isolated from Aglaia abbreviata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of oxolanes, a diol and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is a chlorobenzoate that is the conjugate base of 4-chlorobenzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-chlorobenzoic acid. 
1, 8-Octanedithiol, also known as 1, 8-dimercaptooctane or fema 3514, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 1, 8-Octanedithiol exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1, 8-octanedithiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 8-Octanedithiol has an earthy, meaty, and mushroom taste. 
it is a carbon oxoanion that results from the removal of a proton from nitrosoperoxycarbonic acid. It is formed in vivo by nucleophilic reaction of peroxynitrite with carbon dioxide, and is an important reactive species in inflammation processes. It is a conjugate base of a nitrosoperoxycarbonic acid. 
it is colorless, odorless gas shipped as a liquefied gas under its vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. It is easily ignited. Its vapors are heavier than air and a flame can travel back to the source of leak very easily. This leak can be either a liquid or vapor leak. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a octanoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of octanoic acid with the hydroxy group of 2-naphthol. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an octanoate ester, an aromatic ester and a member of naphthalenes. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
it is a cholesterol ester obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of cholesterol with the carboxy group of myristic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it is dianion of it arising from deprotonation of both OH groups of the phosphate. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
C. i. natural red 20, also known as it or alkanna red, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthoquinones. Naphthoquinones are compounds containing a naphthohydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring linearly fused to a bezene-1, 4-dione (quinone). C. i. natural red 20 exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, c. i. natural red 20 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by a 4-bromo-6,6,6-trichloro-2-methyl-2-hexanyl group. It is a dioxolane, a cyclic acetal, an organobromine compound and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
it appears as a colorless odorless gas. Shipped as a liquefied gas under its own vapor pressure. Noncombustible. Heavier than air. Very toxic by inhalation. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite. Prolonged exposure to heat can cause containers to rupture violently and rocket. Used as an insecticide fumigant in wooden structures to control termites and wood-infesting beetles, and used in organic synthesis. it is a sulfuryl halide. It has a role as a fumigant insecticide. 
1,4-dichloro-2-butene appears as a clear colorless liquid. Burns, though may be difficult to ignite. Corrosive to tissue. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone that is nitrazepam substituted by a methyl group at position 1 and by a fluoro group at position 2'. It is a potent hypnotic, sedative, and amnestic drug used to treat chronic insomnia. It has a role as a sedative, a GABAA receptor agonist and an anxiolytic drug. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone, a C-nitro compound and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it is a whitish to light yellow crystalline solid having a sulfur dioxide-like odor. It spontaneously heats on contact with air and moisture. This heat may be sufficient to ignite surrounding combustible materials. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat containers of this material may violently rupture. It is used in dyeing and to bleach paper pulp. it is an inorganic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of dithionous acid. It has a role as a reducing agent and a bleaching agent. It contains a dithionite(2-). 
it is an iminium ion that is the cationic component of the histological dye 'ethyl violet'. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. 
it is a sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Like sulfonylureas, it is able to lower blood glucose levels by increasing the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells. 
it is an omega-hydroxy-long-chain fatty acid that is tridecanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and an omega-hydroxy-long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a tridecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of coumestans that is coumestan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 9 and a prenyl group at position 2 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an estrogen receptor agonist. It is a member of coumestans, a polyphenol and a delta-lactone. It derives from a coumestan. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
3'''-O-it is a cardenolide glycoside compound consisting of digitoxin having an acetyl substituent at the 3-position on the D-ribo-hexopyranosyl residue at the non-reducing end. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug, a cardiotonic drug and an enzyme inhibitor. It derives from a digitoxin. 
it is an acyl chloride consisting of benzoyl chloride having a chloro substituent in the para-position. It is an acyl chloride and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 4-chlorobenzoic acid. 
it, also known as it or dencichin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dipeptide. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor. It contains a L-prolino group and a L-lysine residue. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of the long-acting angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor it with antihypertensive activity. it, a synthetic peptide derivative, competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2-methyl-5-propyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-2-methyl-5-propyloxazole can be found in cocoa and cocoa products and potato. This makes 4-ethyl-2-methyl-5-propyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the dianion resulting from the removal of two protons from the phosphate group of pyridoxal 5'-phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate. 
it is a L-histidine derivative which is an intermediate in the synthesis of ergothioneine, a compound found in certain fungi and mycobacteria. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is an ammonium betaine, a sulfoxide, a L-cysteine derivative and a L-histidine derivative. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a 2-it in which the triphosphate group is located at position 5. It derives from a 2-deoxy-D-ribose. 
it is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is dihydrochalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4, 2', 4' and 6'. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a dihydrochalcone. 
it appears as clear colorless or slightly yellow liquid with the odor of sassafras. Denser than water (density 1.09 g / cm3) and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Obtained from oil of sassafras or oil of camphor. it is a member of the class of benzodioxoles that is 1,3-benzodioxole which is substituted by an allyl group at position 5. It is found in several plants, including black pepper, cinnamon and nutmeg, and is present in several essential oils, notably that of sassafras. It has insecticidal properties and has been used as a topical antiseptic. Although not thought to pose a significant carcinogenic risk to humans, findings of weak carcinogenicity in rats have resulted in the banning of its (previously widespread) use in perfumes and soaps, and as a food additive. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a flavouring agent, an insecticide and a metabolite. 
it, also known as it or fema 3618, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 5-phenyl-1-pentanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a carnation, floral, and lemon taste. 
it is a member of the class of dihydronaphthalenes that is 1,2-dihydronaphthalene which is substituted at positions 1, 1, 4, and 6 by methyl, methyl, phenyl, and 2-(p-carboxyphenyl)vinyl groups, respectively (the E isomer). It is a potent retinoic acid receptor gamma (RARbeta) agonist that acts as an antagonist against RARalpha and RARgamma. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor beta agonist, a retinoic acid receptor gamma antagonist, a retinoic acid receptor alpha antagonist and a teratogenic agent. It is a member of dihydronaphthalenes, a member of benzoic acids and a stilbenoid. 
Cysteine proteinase found in many tissues. Hydrolyzes a variety of endogenous proteins including NEUROPEPTIDES; CYTOSKELETAL PROTEINS; proteins from SMOOTH MUSCLE; CARDIAC MUSCLE; liver; platelets; and erythrocytes. Two subclasses having high and low calcium sensitivity are known. Removes Z-discs and M-lines from myofibrils. Activates phosphorylase kinase and cyclic nucleotide-independent protein kinase. This enzyme was formerly listed as EC 3.4.22.4. 
2, 3-Dimethylthiophene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2, 3-Dimethylthiophene exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 3-dimethylthiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 3-dimethylthiophene can be found in garden onion. This makes 2, 3-dimethylthiophene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a magnesium salt composed of magnesium and citrate ions in a 3:2 ratio. It has a role as a laxative. It contains a citrate(3-). it is the citrate salt of the element magnesium with cathartic activity. The cathartic action of magnesium cations appears to result, in part, from osmotically mediated water retention, which subsequently stimulates peristalsis. In addition, magnesium ions may also stimulate the activity of nitric oxide (NO) synthase and increase the biosynthesis of the phospholipid proinflammatory mediator platelet activating factor (PAF) in the gut. NO may stimulate intestinal secretion via prostaglandin- and cyclic GMP-dependent mechanisms while PAF produces significant stimulation of colonic secretion and gastrointestinal motility. 
it is a white crystalline solid. Insoluble in water. Specific gravity 0.85. Hence floats on water. it is a straight-chain, eleven-carbon saturated medium-chain fatty acid found in body fluids; the most fungitoxic of the C7:0 - C18:0 fatty acid series. It has a role as a human metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an undecanoate. It derives from a hydride of an undecane. 
it is a hydrochloride salt of esorubicin, a derivative of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin, with potential antineoplastic activity. Esorubicin intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. This agent exhibits less cardiotoxicity than the parent antibiotic doxorubicin, but may cause more severe myelosupression compared to other compounds within the anthracycline class. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine in which the ring hydrogens at positions 3 and 7 have been replaced by dimethylamino groups. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite, a rat metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phenothiazines, an aromatic amine and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a polycyclic cage attached to a 2-carboxyethyl side chain. It is isolated from Streptomyces platensis. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a cyclic ketone, a monocarboxylic acid, a cyclic ether and a polycyclic cage. 
Low-melting crystals or a colorless liquid. Melting point 34.1Â°C. Insoluble in water and denser (1.74 g / cm3) than water. Hence sinks in water. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Very irritating to skin and eyes. 
it is an aminopyrimidine compound having its amino substituent at the 4-position together with methyl and aminomethyl substituents at the 2- and 5-positions respectively. It is a conjugate base of a 4-amino-5-ammoniomethyl-2-methylpyrimidine. 
1,2-dihexadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a phosphatidylcholine 32:0 in which the 1- and 2-acyl groups are specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). A synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers to study biological membranes. It is also a major constituent of pulmonary surfactants. It has a role as a surfactant and a mouse metabolite. It is a phosphatidylcholine 32:0 and a 1-acyl-2-hexadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. it is a lung surfactant agent that is used as a replacement for endogenous lung surfactant. it is effective in reducing the surface tension of pulmonary fluids, thereby increasing lung compliance properties to prevent alveolar collapse and improve breathing. This drug is used in the treatment of neonatal respiratory distress. 
it has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Rheumatoid Arthritis and Immune Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP). It was approved on April 17, 2018 under the trade name Tavalisse for use in ITP. it has also been granted orphan drug status by the FDA. it is a small molecule Syk kinase inhibitor with potential anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating activities. it inhibits Syk kinase-mediated IgG Fc gamma receptor signaling, resulting in inhibition of the activation of mast cells, macrophages, and B-cells and related inflammatory responses and tissue damage. Syk kinase, widely expressed in hematopoietic cells, is a nonreceptor tyrosine kinase that is involved in coupling activated immunoreceptors to signal downstream events that mediate diverse cellular responses, including proliferation, differentiation, and phagocytosis. 
it is a tetradecenoate that is the conjugate base of myristoleic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a myristoleic acid. 
it free base is a member of the class of aminoacridines that is acridine carrying two dimethylamino substituents at positions 3 and 6. The hydrochloride salt is the fluorescent dye 'it', used for cell cycle determination. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a member of aminoacridines, an aromatic amine and a tertiary amino compound. 
P-it is a it that consists of benzoic acid substituted by an isopropyl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a p-cumate. 
it is a member of the class of morpholines that is 2,6-dimethylmorpholine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a dodecyl group. The configuration at positions 2 and 6 is unknown or unspecified. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of morpholines and a tertiary amino compound. It contains a dodecyl group. 
it appears as a colorless to light yellow liquid with an aromatic odor. Slightly less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Corrosive to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Slightly toxic by ingestion, skin absorption and inhalation. Used in the manufacture of adhesives and other chemicals. 
N-Deschlorobenzoyl indomethacin, also known as DBI or 5-methoxy-methylindoleacetic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indole-3-acetic acid derivatives. Indole-3-acetic acid derivatives are compounds containing an acetic acid (or a derivative) linked to the C3 carbon atom of an indole. N-Deschlorobenzoyl indomethacin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. N-Deschlorobenzoyl indomethacin has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a UDP-amino sugar having 3-O-[(3R)-3-hydroxytetradecanoyl]-N-acetyl-alpha-glucosamine as the amino sugar component. It derives from an UDP-alpha-D-glucosamine. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-3-O-[(3R)-3-hydroxytetradecanoyl]-N-acetylglucosamine(2-). 
it is the fatty acid ethyl ester of heptanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a heptanoic acid. 
Diuron-desmethyl is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which a hydrogens attached to one nitrogen is substituted by a methyl group, and one of the hydrogens attached to the other nitrogen is substituted by a 3,4-dichlorophenyl group. It is a metabolite of diuron. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of phenylureas. 
it is an aluminium salt composed of ethyl phosphonate anions and aluminium cations in a 3:1 ratio. A fungicide for various horticultural crops used to control a range of diseases including Phytophthora, Pythium and Plasmopara. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It contains a fosetyl(1-). 
it is the hydrochloride salt of cyclobenzaprine. A centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant, it is used in the symptomatic treatment of painful muscle spasm. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and an antidepressant. It contains a cyclobenzaprine. It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. it is a centrally acting muscle relaxant, chemically similar to amitriptyline hydrochloride with antidepressant activity. The exact mechanism of action of it has not been fully determined. However, it primarily acts at the brain stem to reduce tonic somatic motor activity, influencing both gamma and alpha motor neurons. This leads to a reduction in muscle spasms. 
Endogenous peptides present in most body fluids. Certain enzymes convert them to active KININS which are involved in inflammation, blood clotting, complement reactions, etc. Kininogens belong to the cystatin superfamily. They are cysteine proteinase inhibitors. HIGH-MOLECULAR-WEIGHT KININOGEN; (HMWK); is split by plasma kallikrein to produce BRADYKININ. LOW-MOLECULAR-WEIGHT KININOGEN; (LMWK); is split by tissue kallikrein to produce KALLIDIN. 
it is a member of the class of oxindoles that is 2-oxindole carrying a carboxymethyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of indole-3-acetic acids and a member of oxindoles. It is a tautomer of a 2-hydroxy-(indol-3-yl)acetic acid. 
it is a 2-enoyl-CoA and a monounsaturated fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a but-2-enoyl-CoA and a tiglic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a member of the class of pyridines that is pyridine which is substituted at positions 2 and 5 by o-(tetrazol-5-yl)phenyl and (3,5-dibutyl-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)methyl groups, respectively. It is a nonpeptide antagonist of angiotensin II, type 1 (AT1) receptors, used for the treatment of hypertension. It has a role as an angiotensin receptor antagonist and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of tetrazoles, a member of pyridines, a member of triazoles and a member of benzenes. it is a nonpeptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity. it selectively competes with angiotensin II for the binding of the angiotensin II (AT1) receptor subtype 1 in vascular smooth muscle, thereby blocking angiotensin II-mediated vasoconstriction resulting in vascular dilatation. In addition, the antagonistic effect on AT1 in the adrenal gland, prevents angiotensin II-induced stimulation of aldosterone synthesis and secretion by the adrenal cortex. This blocks the effects of aldosterone leading to an increase in sodium excretion and water and eventually a reduction in plasma volume and blood pressure. 
Potassium aluminium sulfate dodecahydrate is a hydrate resulting from the the formal combination of anhydrous potassium aluminium sulfate with 12 mol eq. of water. It has a role as an astringent, a flame retardant and a mordant. It is a hydrate, an aluminium salt, a metal sulfate and a potassium salt. It contains an aluminium(3+) and a potassium aluminium sulfate. 
it is a cyclic purine nucleotide that is synthesised from NAD+ by ADP-ribosyl cyclase; acts as an agonist at ryanodine receptors. It has a role as a ryanodine receptor agonist and a metabolite. It is a cyclic purine nucleotide and a nucleotide-sugar. It derives from an ADP-D-ribose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is propan-2-ol substituted at position 1 and 3 by 1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl groups and at position 2 by a 2,4-difluorophenyl group. It is an antifungal drug used for the treatment of mucosal candidiasis and for systemic infections including systemic candidiasis, coccidioidomycosis, and cryptococcosis. It has a role as a P450 inhibitor, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a difluorobenzene, a conazole antifungal drug, a triazole antifungal drug and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a 1,3-difluorobenzene. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-1,2,4-triazole. it is a synthetic triazole with antifungal activity. it preferentially inhibits fungal cytochrome P-450 sterol C-14 alpha-demethylation, resulting in the accumulation of fungal 14 alpha-methyl sterols, the loss of normal fungal sterols, and fungistatic activity. Mammalian cell demethylation is much less sensitive to it inhibition. 
it, also known as 2-(mercaptomethyl)pyridine or 2-picolylthiol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a beef, meaty, and roasted taste. 
1, N2-Propanodeoxyguanosine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nucleoside and nucleotide analogues. These are analogues of nucleosides and nucleotides. These include phosphonated nucleosides, C-glycosylated nucleoside bases, analogues where the sugar unit is a pyranose, and carbocyclic nucleosides, among others. 1, N2-Propanodeoxyguanosine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an N-arylpiperazine that consists of piperazine carrying two 4-substituted phenyl groups at positions 1 and 4. A triazole antifungal drug. It has a role as a trypanocidal drug. It is a member of triazoles, a N-arylpiperazine, an organofluorine compound, a member of oxolanes, an aromatic ether, a conazole antifungal drug and a triazole antifungal drug. it is a broad-spectrum, second generation, triazole compound with antifungal activity. it strongly inhibits 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P450-dependent enzyme. Inhibition of 14-alpha-demethylase prevents the conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell wall. Inhibition of ergosterol synthesis changes the fungal cell membrane composition and integrity, alters membrane permeability and eventually leads to fungal cell lysis. Compared to other azole antifungals, it is a significantly more potent inhibitor of sterol 14-alpha demethylase. 
it is a derivative of scyllo-inositol having a guanidino group in place of the 1-hydroxy group. It derives from a scyllo-inositol. It is a conjugate base of a 1-guanidiniumyl-1-deoxy-scyllo-inositol(1+). 
2, 5-Dimethyl-3-(2-propenyl)pyrazine, also known as 3-allyl-2, 5-dimethylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-(2-propenyl)pyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(2-propenyl)pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(2-propenyl)pyrazine can be found in potato. This makes 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(2-propenyl)pyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an odorless yellow to yellow-orange powder. Bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a methanesulfonate salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of hycanthone and methanesulfonic acid. It was formerly used as a schistosomicide for individual or mass treatement of infection with Schistosoma haematobium and S. mansoni, but due to its toxicity and concern about possible carcinogenicity, it has been replaced by other drugs such as praziquantel. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a mutagen and a schistosomicide drug. It contains a hycanthone(1+). 
it is a (6E)-7-[3-(4-fluorophenyl)-1-(propan-2-yl)-1H-indol-2-yl]-3,5-dihydroxyhept-6-enoic acid diastereoisomer in which the stereocentres beta- and delta- to the carboxy group have R and S configuration, respectively. The drug it is an equimolar mixture of this compound and its enantiomer. It is a (6E)-7-[3-(4-fluorophenyl)-1-(propan-2-yl)-1H-indol-2-yl]-3,5-dihydroxyhept-6-enoic acid and a statin (synthetic). It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (3S,5R)-it. it is a synthetic lipid-lowering agent with antilipidemic and potential antineoplastic properties. it competitively inhibits hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses through the suppression of MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. Due to its anti-inflammatory effects mediated by alterations of lipid metabolism, it may possess chemopreventive and therapeutic antineoplastic properties. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate that is 2'deoxycytidine-5'-triphosphate substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 5. It derives from a CTP. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of isopentadecanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a methyl-branched fatty acid anion, a long-chain fatty acid anion, a saturated fatty acid anion and a fatty acid anion 15:0. It is a conjugate base of an isopentadecanoic acid. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02820324 (Study of it (it) for the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Acute Pain After Abdominoplasty). 
it is an optically active form of O-isobutyrylcarnitine having (R)-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an O-isobutyrylcarnitine, a methyl-branched fatty acyl-L-carnitine and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
it appears as fluffy colorless powder or fine white powder. (NTP, 1992) Erythromycin Stearate is the stearate salt form of erythromycin, a broad-spectrum, topical macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. it may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
it is an aporphine alkaloid that is noraporphine substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 9 and methoxy groups at positions 1 and 10. Isolated from Litsea glutinosa and Lindera chunii, exhibits inhibitory activity against HIV-1 integrase. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It is a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and an aporphine alkaloid. It derives from an aporphine. 
O(4)-methylthymine is a methylthymine in which the methyl group is located at the O4-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an aromatic ether and a methylthymine. 
it is an optically inactive hexitol having meso-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a benzazepine that is 1,3,4,5-tetrahydro-2H-1-benzazepin-2-one in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a carboxy methyl group and in which the 3-pro-S hydrogen is replaced by the amino group of (2S)-2-amino-4-phenylbutanoic acid. An angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor, it is used as its monoester prodrug benazepril in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor. It is a benzazepine, a dicarboxylic acid and a lactam. it is the active metabolite of benazepril, a carboxyl-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Once the prodrug benazepril is metabolized to it in the liver, it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II, resulting in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion resulting from a transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group of N(5)-phenyl-L-glutamine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a N(5)-phenyl-L-glutamine. 
it is a ubiquinone having a side chain of 10 isoprenoid units. In the naturally occurring isomer, all isoprenyl double bonds are in the E- configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite and an antioxidant. it is a naturally occurring benzoquinone important in electron transport in mitochondrial membranes. it functions as an endogenous antioxidant; deficiencies of this enzyme have been observed in patients with many different types of cancer and limited studies have suggested that it may induce tumor regression in patients with breast cancer. This agent may have immunostimulatory effects. (NCI04) 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
3-chloronitrobenzene appears as pale yellow crystals. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a C-nitro compound that is nitrobenzene in which one of the meta- hydrogens has been replced by chlorine. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a glycerophospholipid that is sn-glycerol 1-phosphate carrying two O-phytanyl groups at positions 2 and 3. It derives from a 2,3-di-O-phytanyl-sn-glycerol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an organosulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of methyl sulfate; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a methyl sulfate. 
it is a vinylaziridine that consists of aziridine having a single vinyl group located at position 2. It is a vinylaziridine and a member of its. 
it is an odorless, tan colored solid. It is toxic by inhalation or ingestion. When exposed to high temperatures it may release highly toxic antimony fumes. it is used in fabric dyes. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Slightly soluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-aspartic acid, L-leucine, L-threonine and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid, a L-leucine, a L-threonine and a L-serine. 
it is a 3-ADP-glyceric acid having a phosphate group at the 2-position of the glyceric acid moiety. It is a tetronic acid derivative and a 3-ADP-glyceric acid. It derives from a glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-ADP-2-phosphoglycerate(5-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a grassy and green taste. 
2-[4-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)phenoxy]propanoic acid is an aromatic ether that is 2-(4-hydroxyphenoxy)propanoic acid in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group at position 4 has been substituted by a 2,4-dichlorophenyl group. It is an aromatic ether, a dichlorobenzene, a monocarboxylic acid and a diether. 
it, also known as it or 2-thienyl mercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a burnt, caramel, and coffee taste. 
it, also known as fema 3421 or oxopholone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexenones. Cyclohexenones are compounds containing a cylohexenone moiety, which is a six-membered aliphatic ring that carries a ketone and has one endocyclic double bond. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-oxoisophorone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a sweet, leaf, and musty tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes 4-oxoisophorone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a primary allylic alcohol that is 2-pentene in which a hydrogen at position 1 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is a primary allylic alcohol and an alkenyl alcohol. 
it is a semi-synthetic macrolide antibiotic pro-drug. it is converted by hydrolysis during intestinal absorption into the microbiologically active erythromycylamine. Eryhtromylamine binds to the 50 S subunit of the 70 S ribosome of susceptible organisms, thereby inhibiting bacterial RNA-dependent protein synthesis. This antibiotic is used in the treatment of infections of the respiratory tract, skin and soft tissue caused by gram-positive microorganisms, including S. aureus, S. pneumonia and pyogenes, gram-negative microorganisms, including H. influenzae, L. pneumophila, M. catarrhalis, and M. pneumoniae. 
(R,R)-it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of (R,R)-tramadol with 1 molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride; the (R,R)-enantiomer of the racemic opioid analgesic it, it exhibits ten-fold higher analgesic potency than the (S,S)-enantiomer. It has a role as a delta-opioid receptor agonist, a kappa-opioid receptor agonist, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an antitussive, a capsaicin receptor antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist, a nicotinic antagonist, a NMDA receptor antagonist, an opioid analgesic, a serotonergic antagonist and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. It contains a (R,R)-tramadol(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (S,S)-it. it is a synthetic codeine analogue, it has central analgesic properties with effects similar to opioids, such as morphine and codeine, acting on specific opioid receptors. The hydrochloride salt of Tramadol and used as a narcotic analgesic for severe pain, it can be addictive and weakly inhibits norepinephrine and serotonin reuptake. (NCI04) 
it is an ellagitannin with a hexahydroxydiphenoyl group bridging over the 3-O and 6-O of the glucose core. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an antioxidant. It is an ellagitannin and a gallate ester. 
Transparent colorless oily liquid. Practically tasteless and odorless, even when warmed. (NTP, 1992) it is an anthocyanidin chloride that has it as the cationic counterpart. It contains a it. 
2, 6, 10, 10-Tetramethyl-1-oxaspiro[4. 5]decan-6-ol, also known as it or fema 3549, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. 2, 6, 10, 10-Tetramethyl-1-oxaspiro[4. 5]decan-6-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 6, 10, 10-tetramethyl-1-oxaspiro[4. 5]decan-6-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 6, 10, 10-tetramethyl-1-oxaspiro[4. 5]decan-6-ol can be found in tea. This makes 2, 6, 10, 10-tetramethyl-1-oxaspiro[4. 5]decan-6-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
1it is a myo-inositol trisphosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 1it(6-). 
mTOR Kinase Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailable mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. mTOR kinase inhibitor it binds to and inhibits both the raptor-mTOR (TOR complex 1 or TORC1) and the rictor-mTOR (TOR complex 2 or TORC2) complexes of mTOR, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis and a decrease in tumor cell proliferation. mTOR is a serine/threonine kinase that is upregulated in some tumors and plays an important role downstream in the PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway. 
it appears as white to buff-colored powder. Odorless or with a faint odor. An antineoplastic medicine. it is a phenylalanine derivative comprising L-phenylalanine having [bis(2-chloroethyl)amino group at the 4-position on the phenyl ring. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a carcinogenic agent, an alkylating agent, an immunosuppressive agent and a drug allergen. It is an organochlorine compound, a nitrogen mustard, a L-phenylalanine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. it is a phenylalanine derivative of nitrogen mustard with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates DNA at the N7 position of guanine and induces DNA inter-strand cross-linkages, resulting in the inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis and cytotoxicity against both dividing and non-dividing tumor cells. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of sorbic acid and the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a sorbic acid. 
Perfluoro(methylvinyl ether) appears as a colorless gas. Heavier than air. Easily liquefied. Contact with the liquid may cause frost bite by evaporative cooling. May asphyxiate by displacing air. A flame may flash back from the source of ignition to the source of a leak. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a xyloside that is alpha-D-xylopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 4-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a xyloside and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
Saccharin, sodium salt appears as odorless white crystals or crystalline powder. Aqueous solution is neutral or alkaline to litmus, but not alkaline to phenolphthalein. Effloresces in dry air. Intensely sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a butan-4-olide that is gamma-butyrolactone substituted by an ethoxy group at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a gamma-butyrolactone. 
it is a phenylpropanoid that is one of the main monolignols, produced by the reduction of the carboxy functional group in cinnamic acid and the addition of a hydroxy and a methoxy substituent to the aromatic ring. It has a role as a monolignol, a mouse metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of guaiacols. It derives from an (E)-cinnamyl alcohol. 
it appears as white or off-white crystals or powder. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the simplest member of the it class, consisting of urea with the oxygen atom substituted by sulfur. It has a role as a chromophore and an antioxidant. It is a member of ureas, a member of its and a one-carbon compound. It derives from a carbonothioic O,O-acid and a urea. it is a white crystalline solid, both naturally occurring and synthetic, that is soluble in water, ammonium thiocyanate solution and ethanol. In the past, it was used as a photographic toning agent, a component of hair preparations and a dry cleaning agent. Currently, it is only used in animal glue liquefiers and silver tarnish removers. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides and sulfur oxides. Long-term exposure of humans to it may cause bone marrow damage, resulting in reduced levels of red blood cells, white blood cells and/or platelets. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it (anhydrous) is guanine substituted at the 9 position by a 4-hydroxy-3-(hydroxymethyl)-2-methylidenecyclopentyl group. A synthetic analogue of 2'-deoxyguanosine, it is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor with selective antiviral activity against hepatitis B virus. it is phosphorylated intracellularly to the active triphosphate form, which competes with deoxyguanosine triphosphate, the natural substrate of hepatitis B virus reverse transcriptase, inhibiting every stage of the enzyme's activity, although it has no activity against HIV. It is used for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B. It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It is a member of 2-aminopurines, an oxopurine, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. it Anhydrous is an anhydrous formulation of it, a synthetic analog of 2-deoxyguanosine with antiviral activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV). it is activated in vivo to a 5-triphosphate metabolite. In turn, the triphosphate form competes with the natural substrate deoxyguanosine triphosphate (dGTP) for incorporation into viral DNA. The incorporation of the activated triphosphate metabolite of it inhibits the reverse transcriptase (RT) viral RNA-dependent HBV DNA polymerase and, so, the replication of viral DNA and transcription. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid consisting of acetylene carrying a carboxymethyl group. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-butynoate. 
N(4)-(beta-N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl)-L-asparagine is an N(4)-glycosyl-L-asparagine having (beta-N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl as the glycosyl component. It is a N(4)-glycosyl-L-asparagine and a glucosaminylamine. It is a tautomer of a N(4)-(beta-N-acetyl-D-glucosaminyl)-L-asparagine zwitterion. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside having guanine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purines 2'-deoxy-D-ribonucleoside and a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside. It derives from a guanosine. 
A sympathomimetic agent that acts predominantly at alpha-1 adrenergic receptors. It has been used primarily as a vasoconstrictor in the treatment of HYPOTENSION. 
it is a hexahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 3', 4', 5, 5' and 7. It has been isolated from the leaves of Myrica rubra and other plants. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, a plant metabolite, a food component and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a hexahydroxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
1, 2, 5-Trimethyl-1H-pyrrole, also known as pyrrole, 1, 2, 5-trimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-methylpyrroles. These are organic heterocyclic compounds containing a N-methylated pyrrole. Within the cell, 1, 2, 5-trimethyl-1H-pyrrole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it or fema 2471, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a mild, balsam, and clove tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as fema 3373 or tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanones. Furanones are compounds containing a furan ring bearing a ketone group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a phenothiazine substituted on the nitrogen by a 3-(morpholin-4-yl)propanoyl group, and at position 2 by an (ethoxycarbonyl)amino group. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a member of phenothiazines, a member of morpholines and a carbamate ester. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02885766 (Study to Evaluate Tolerability, Safety, Pharmacokinetics and Preliminary Efficacy of it for Oral Administration in Adults With Ph+ Chronic Myeloid Leukemia, Which is Resistant to the 2-nd Generation Bcr-Abl Inhibitors or Has T315I Mutation in the BCR-ABL Gene). 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, absolute, and cassie tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining the free base of it with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. it acts as a pH indicator, changing from red to yellow between pH 6.8 and 8.0. It has a role as a dye, an acid-base indicator and a two-colour indicator. It contains a it(1+). 
it appears as a clear to light-yellow liquid. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Very irritating to skin. Used to make polyurethane coatings. it is a diisocyanate in which the two isocyanate groups are linked by an isophorone substituent. It derives from an isophorone. 
Oritavancin bisphosphate is a phosphate salt obtained by combining oritavancin with two molar equivalents of phosphoric acid. Used for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused or suspected to be caused by susceptible isolates of designated Gram-positive microorganisms. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains an oritavancin. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of valproic acid. It has a role as an antimanic drug. It derives from a valerate. It is a conjugate base of a valproic acid. 
it is an agent with with antilipidemic activity. In animal models it caused a reduction of serum cholesterol consistent with accelerated plasma cholesterol turnover. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3' and 4' and a prenyl group at position 5'. Isolated from Erythrina sigmoidea, it exhibits anti-inflammatory and antioxidant activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antibacterial agent and a radical scavenger. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is ML-236C substituted by a hydroxy group at position 8S. It is a fungal metabolite isolated from Penicillium citrinum and exhibits anticholesteremic activity. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor, an antilipemic drug, an antiatherosclerotic agent, an anticholesteremic drug and an antimicrobial agent. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a member of 2-pyranones, a member of hexahydronaphthalenes, a secondary alcohol and a polyketide. It derives from a ML-236C. 
it is a penicillinate salt obtained by combining equimolar amounts of phenoxymethylpenicillin and pipacycline. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It contains a phenoxymethylpenicillin(1-) and a pipacycline(1+). 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.2.1]oct-6-ene which is substituted by a methylene group at position 3 and by methyl groups at the 1,2,4,5,6,7, and 8-anti positions. It is the major volatile component released by the rhizobacterium Serratia odorifera. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene, a carbobicyclic compound, an olefinic compound and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a methacholine. it is the chloride salt form of methacholine, a direct-acting cholinergic muscarinic agonist with bronchoconstrictive, miotic, vasodilator, and cardiac vagomimetic activity. it acts directly on the muscarinic receptors in the heart, eye, and lung, thereby producing parasympathomimetic effects. 
it is an organosulfonate salt obtained by combining equimolar amounts of edoxaban and 4-toluenesulfonic acid. Used (in the form of its monohydrate) for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. It has a role as an anticoagulant, an EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It contains an edoxaban(1+). it is the tosylate salt form of edoxaban, an orally active inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. Edoxaban is administered as it. This agent has an elimination half-life of 9-11 hours and undergoes renal excretion. 
N-(octadecanoyl)ethanolamine is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine that is the ethanolamide of octadecanoic acid. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine, a N-(saturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine and a N-acylethanolamine 18:0. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. About the same density as water. Used as a corrosion inhibitor and to make soldering flux. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid that is caproic (hexanoic) acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyhexanoate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an aza-steroid that is a synthetic drug for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. It has a role as an androgen antagonist, an EC 1.3.1.22 [3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitor and an antihyperplasia drug. It is an aza-steroid, a 3-oxo steroid and a delta-lactam. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. it is a synthetic 4-azasteroid compound. it competitively binds to and inhibits steroid type II 5-alpha-reductase in the prostate gland, liver, and skin, thereby interfering with the enzymatic conversion of testosterone to 5-dihydrotestosterone (DHT) and reducing serum DHT levels. The reduction in serum DHT levels results in diminished stimulation of androgen receptors in the nuclei of prostate cells and, so, diminished prostate cell proliferation. 
it is a labdane diterpenoid in which the labdane skeleton has double bonds at C-7 and C-13 (the latter with E-stereochemistry) and carries a hydroxy group at the terminal C-15 atom. It is a labdane diterpenoid, a primary alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
4, 5-Dihydroxy-11-methoxy-6, 8, 19-trioxapentacyclo[10. 7. 0. 0Â², â¹. 0Â³, â·. 0Â¹Â³, Â¹â·]nonadeca-1(12), 2(9), 10, 13(17)-tetraene-16, 18-dione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as difurocoumarocyclopentenones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a cyclopenten-2-one ring fused to the coumarin moiety of the difurocoumarin skeleton. 4, 5-Dihydroxy-11-methoxy-6, 8, 19-trioxapentacyclo[10. 7. 0. 0Â², â¹. 0Â³, â·. 0Â¹Â³, Â¹â·]nonadeca-1(12), 2(9), 10, 13(17)-tetraene-16, 18-dione is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an omega carboxyacyl-CoA that is the S-pimeloyl derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A and a pimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is an isopropyl ester, a methyl ester, a dihydropyridine and a benzoxadiazole. it is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers with antihypertensive and vasodilator activities. it blocks the calcium entry through the calcium ion channels of coronary and peripheral vascular smooth muscle, thereby dilating coronary arteries and peripheral arterioles. This increases oxygen delivery due to an increased blood flow and reduces oxygen requirements due to decrease in total peripheral resistance. (NCI05) 
it is a phosphoshikimic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a shikimic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phosphonatoshikimate(3-). 
it is the xanthosine 5'-phosphate in which the 5'-phosphate is a triphosphate group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and a xanthosine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a white to cream-colored chalky powder. Bitter taste and slight odor. it is guanidine carrying a phenyl substituent on each of the two amino groups. It is used as an accelerator in the rubber industry. It has a role as an allergen. 
it is a dihydroxyflavone in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 5 and 7. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, a hepatoprotective agent, an EC 2.7.11.18 (myosin-light-chain kinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. 
it appears as white to pale green crystals or an off-white solid. Odorless when pure, but technical product may have an amine odor. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is 2-(phenylsulfanyl)isobutyric acid in which the phenyl group is substituted at the para- position by a 3-aza-7-cyclohexylhept-1-yl group in which the nitrogen is acylated by a (cyclohexylamino)carbonyl group. It has a role as a PPARalpha agonist. It is a member of ureas, an aryl sulfide and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a beta-amino acid that is beta-alanine substituted at position 3 by a phenyl group. It is a tautomer of a 3-ammonio-3-phenylpropanoate. 
5-Methoxy-2-methylbenzene-1, 3-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 5-Methoxy-2-methylbenzene-1, 3-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a C-glycosyl compound and a hydroxyisoflavone. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an isoflavone. 
it is a butanediol compound having two hydroxy groups in the 1- and 3-positions. It is a butanediol and a glycol. It derives from a hydride of a butane. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is lupane in which the hydrogen at the 3beta position is substituted by a hydroxy group. It occurs in the skin of lupin seeds, as well as in the latex of fig trees and of rubber plants. It is also found in many edible fruits and vegetables. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and a plant metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a lupane. 
it is an optically active O-acylcarnitine compound having propanoyl as the acyl substituent and (R)-configuration at the 3-position. It has a role as a peripheral nervous system drug. It is an it and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
it is a diester resulting from the formal condensation of each of the carboxylic acid groups of crocetin with an anomeric hydroxy group of beta-D-glucopyranose. It is a diester and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a crocetin and a beta-D-glucose. 
it is a member of triazoles, a triazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. It has a role as a prodrug. It derives from a fluconazole. 
2,4,6-tridimethylaminomethyl phenol appears as an amber to red-brown liquid with an amine odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Corrosive to the eyes, skin, mouth, stomach and throat. Vapors may irritate the eyes and corrode the upper respiratory tract. 
7-Hydroxy-3-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavanones. These are polycyclic compounds containing an isoflavan skeleton which bears a ketone at position C4. 7-Hydroxy-3-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a colorless liquid with a sharp rancid odor. Produces irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) it is a short-chain saturated fatty acid comprising ethane attached to the carbon of a carboxy group. It has a role as an antifungal drug. It is a short-chain fatty acid and a saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a propionate. 
it is an organic sodium salt which is the disodium salt of estramustine phosphate. It contains an estramustine phosphate(2-). it is the orally available disodium salt, monohydrate, of estramustine phosphate, a synthetic molecule that combines estradiol and nornitrogen mustard through a carbamate link. Estramustine and its major metabolite estramustine bind to microtubule-associated proteins (MAPs) and tubulin, thereby inhibiting microtubule dynamics and leading to anaphase arrest in a dose-dependent fashion. This agent also exhibits anti-androgenic effects. 
it, also known as 2'-deoxy-5-methylcytidine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleosides. Pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleosides are compounds consisting of a pyrimidine linked to a ribose which lacks a hydroxyl group at position 2. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a parenteral thiopenem with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity against most gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. it is not active against Pseudomonas aeruginosa. In addition, this agent is fairly stable against hydrolysis by various beta-lactamases. 
it is a phenylalanine derivative that is phenylalanine carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 2 on the benzene ring. It is a phenylalanine derivative, a member of phenols and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
5'-Phosphoribosyl-a-N-formylglycineamidine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a pentose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. 5'-Phosphoribosyl-a-N-formylglycineamidine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 5'-Phosphoribosyl-a-N-formylglycineamidine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 5'-Phosphoribosyl-a-N-formylglycineamidine and tetrahydrofolic acid can be converted into glycineamideribotide and 5, 10-methenyltetrahydrofolic acid; which is mediated by the enzyme phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase 2. 
it is under investigation for the treatment of Adenocarcinoma, Oropharyngeal Neoplasms, Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, and Stage IV Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, among others. it has been investigated for the treatment of Lung Neoplasms, Untreated Childhood Medulloblastoma, and Untreated Childhood Supratentorial Primitive Neuroectodermal Tumor. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indoles. Indoles are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2, 3-benzopyrrole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a it that is cyclohexanone substituted by a methyl and an isopropyl group at positions 5 and 2 respectively (the 2S,5R-stereoisomer). It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
it is an alditol 5-phosphate and an arabinitol phosphate. It derives from a L-arabinitol and a D-arabinitol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is coumarin carrying a methyl group at C-4 and a succinyl-leucyl-tryrosyl side-chain at C-7. It has a role as a peptidomimetic. 
it is an orally available antimetabolite composed of the 1-ethoxymethyl derivative of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and the dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPYD) inhibitor 3-cyano-2,6-dihydroxypyridine (CNDP) in a 1:1 molar ratio, with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, the prodrug it is converted into 5-FU, while CNDP prevents the degradation of 5-FU by inhibiting DPYD and thereby prolonging the half-life of 5-FU. This increases 5-FU's concentration and thus its antitumor activity through inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis, as well as inhibition of thymidylate synthase activity. In addition, by inhibiting the formation of 5-FU metabolites, some toxic effects associated with these metabolites may be reduced. DPYD is the rate-limiting enzyme in the catabolism of 5-FU. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a cheesy, fruity, and green taste. 
it is the maleate salt of amlodipine, a synthetic phenylpyridine vasodilator with antihypertensive and antianginal effects. Amlodipine inhibits the influx of extracellular calcium ions into myocardial and peripheral vascular smooth muscle cells, thereby preventing vascular and myocardial contraction. Furthermore, decreased myocardial contractility and dilation of the main coronary and systemic arteries lead to increased blood flow and oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue and decreases total peripheral resistance. This agent may also modulate multi-drug resistance (MDR) activity through inhibition of the p-glycoprotein efflux pump. 
it is the benzyl ester of cetraxate. It is a benzyl ester and a member of cetraxates. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Medicarpin is a member of the class of pterocarpans that is 3-hydroxyptercarpan with a methoxy substituent at position 9. It has a role as a phytoalexin. 
it is a tetritol phosphate consisting of D-erythritol having the phosphate at the 4-position. It is an alditol 4-phosphate and a tetritol phosphate. It derives from an erythritol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is 1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid that is substituted by an ethyl group at position 1 and by a pyridin-4-yl group at position 7. An antibacterial drug, active against Neisseria gonorrhoeae, it has been used for treating urinary tract infections and certain sexually transmitted diseases. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antiinfective agent. It is a quinolone antibiotic, a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid and a member of pyridines. 
it, also known as fema 2727, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the decanoate ester of haloperidol, a phenylbutylpiperadine derivative with antipsychotic, neuroleptic and antiemetic effects. Haloperidol competitively blocks postsynaptic dopamine (D2) receptors in the mesolimbic system of the brain leading to anti-delusionary and anti-hallucinogenic effects. The antagonistic activity mediated through D2 dopamine receptors in the chemoreceptive trigger zone (CTZ) account for its antiemetic activity. 
Glycerol triundecanoate, also known as N-it or 1, 2, 3-triundecanoylglycerol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. Glycerol triundecanoate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Glycerol triundecanoate has been found in human adipose tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, glycerol triundecanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sharp odor. Slightly denser than water. Flash point near 20Â°F. Severely irritates skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a polymeric compound resulting from the reaction of 4-(1,1,3,3-tetramethylbutyl)phenol with formaldehyde to give a chain in which 6-8 molecules are linked together by CH2 groups ortho to the phenolic hydroxy groups, which have then undergone reaction with oxirane to give polyoxyethyleneoxy moieties, Ar(OCH2CH2)xOH, where x = 8-10. A nonionic liquic polymer, it inhibits lipoprotein lipase and hence clearance of triglyceride from the plasma, so is used to induce hyperlipidaemia in test animals. Also used as a surfactant to aid liquefaction and removal of mucus- and pus-containing bronchopulmonary secretions. It has a role as an inhibitor, an excipient, a surfactant and an apoptosis inducer. 
it is a colorless to off-white crystalline solid with a sweet tarry odor. Odor threshold concentration: 0.4 mg/L . (NTP, 1992) 
1, 4-beta-D-Glucan, also known as 1, 4-Î’-D-glucan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. 1, 4-beta-D-Glucan is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the hydroxamate of phosphoglycolic acid. It has a role as an EC 5.3.1.1 (triose-phosphate isomerase) inhibitor. It is an amidoalkyl phosphate and a hydroxamic acid. It derives from a glycolic acid. 
it is a 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-) obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of dTMP; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 2'-deoxynucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-) and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-phosphate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a dTMP(-). 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted by a (3-methoxyphenyl)nitrilo group at position 4. It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound, a substituted aniline and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it is a pyridochromene that is 10H-chromeno[3,2-c]pyridine substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 8, a methyl group at position 3, an oxo group at position 10 and a carboxy group at position 9. Isolated from Chaetomium funicola, it exhibits inhibitory activity against metallo-beta-lactamases. It has a role as an EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitor and a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a pyridochromene, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of catechols and a cyclic ketone. 
it is an organosilicon compound that is docosylsilane in which the hydrogens attached to the Si atom have been replaced by chloro groups. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an organosilicon compound and a chlorine molecular entity. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of olopatadine, a dual action selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist and mast cell stabilizer with anti-allergic activity. Olopatadine stabilizes mast cells and prevents histamine release from mast cells. In addition, this agent also blocks histamine H1 receptors, thereby preventing histamine from binding to these receptors. Both actions prevent the effects of histamine on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal (GI) smooth muscle, including histamine-induced vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of GI smooth muscle. This drug also prevents histamine-induced pain and itching of mucous membranes. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
4-Methoxybenzyl propanoate, also known as it or fema 2102, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. 4-Methoxybenzyl propanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-methoxybenzyl propanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Methoxybenzyl propanoate has an anisic, cherry, and fruity taste. 
A group of inosine ribonucleotides in which the phosphate residues of each inosine ribonucleotide act as bridges in forming diester linkages between the ribose moieties. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea which is substituted by p-chlorobenzyl and cyclopentyl groups at position 1 and a phenyl group at position 3. A fungicide used to control diseases caused by Rhizoctonia solani and Pellicularia spp. It is not highly toxic to mammals but is moderately toxic to birds, most aquatic organisms, honeybees and earthworms. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. It derives from an aniline. 
it is a diterpenoid that is multiorthoquinone in which the methoxy group at position 12 is replaced by a hydroxy group. A norabietane derivative, it is isolated from Salvia multicaulis and exhibits antitubercular activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is a diterpenoid, a member of phenanthrenes and a member of orthoquinones. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong ammonia to fish-like odor. Flash point 20Â°F. Vapors irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Less dense (6.1 lb / gal) than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen when burned. it is a tertiary amine that is ammonia in which each hydrogen atom is substituted by an ethyl group. 
it is a non-steroidal 3rd generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that selectively binds to both ERÎ± and ERÎ² with high affinity. It is a naphthalene derivative marketed for prevention and treatment of osteoporosis and for the treatment of vaginal atrophy. It was initially developed as it by Pfizer as a treatment for postmenopausal osteoporosis and vaginal atrophy, in which were both rejected for approval by FDA. Later Fablyn was developed as a result of a research collaboration between Pfizer and Ligand Pharmaceuticals with a newly submitted New Drug Application in 2008. It gained approval by European Commission in March 2009. Ligand Pharmaceuticals signed a license agreement with Sermonix Pharmaceuticals for the development and commercialization of oral it in the USA. it is a non-steroidal, naphthalene-derived, third-generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) with potential antineoplastic and anti-osteoporotic activities. Upon oral administration, it selectively binds to both estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha; ESR1) and estrogen receptor beta (ERbeta; ESR2) with high affinity and mimics the effects of endogenous estradiol with varying agonist and antagonist effects in ER-expressing tissues. Blockade of ERalpha by it may potentially inhibit estrogen-dependent cancer cell proliferation in ER-expressing cancers. it may also bind to the certain mutant forms of ERalpha, including the Y537S ESR1 mutant, making it potentially useful in the treatment of tumors that have acquired resistance to other ER-targeting agents. 
it, also known as estradiol-17 beta-glucuronide or e(2)17g CPD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal glycosides. These are sterol lipids containing a carbohydrate moiety glycosidically linked to the steroid skeleton. Thus, it is considered to be a steroid conjugate lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as tan liquid (technical grade is brown). Used for the control of insects and mites on grapes, citrus, walnuts, ornamentals, apples, pears, and quince. Also used as a spray or dip for the control of ticks, lice, hornfly, and sheep ked on cattle, goats, sheep, and hogs. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a pyrimidine nucleobase that is uracil in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyrimidine nucleobase and a pyrimidone. 
it is a tertiary alcohol that consists of propan-1-ol substituted by a cyclohexyl and a phenyl group at position 1 and a pyrrolidin-1-yl group at position 3. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antiparkinson drug and an antidyskinesia agent. It is a tertiary alcohol and a member of pyrrolidines. 
3-hydroxy-2,2-dimethylbutyric acid is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is 2,2-dimethylbutyric acid carrying a single hydroxy substituent at position 3. It has a role as a rat metabolite and a drug metabolite. 
it is an alkaloid isolated from Stylissa massa. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.59 (protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I) inhibitor, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a member of guanidines, an alkaloid, a pyrrolecarboxamide and an organobromine compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is pantetheine 4'-phosphate(2-) with D (R) configuration at the 2' position. The dianion formed from D-pantetheine 4'-phosphate by deprotonation of the phosphate group; major microspecies at pH 7.3. It has a role as a prosthetic group. It is a conjugate base of a D-pantetheine 4'-phosphate. 
Flakka is a DEA controlled drug. The active ingredient it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. Flakka is classified by the DEA as Designer Drugs. The street name for Flakka (it) is Gravel. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is p-salicylic acid with bromo- substituents at C-3 and C-5 of the benzene ring. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid and a dibromobenzene. It derives from a benzoic acid and a 2,6-dibromophenol. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxybenzoate and a 3,5-dibromo-4-oxidobenzoate(2-). 
it is a colorless gas with a pungent odor. It is flammable. The gas is heavier than air and a flame can flash back to the source of leak very easily. It is toxic by inhalation. Prolonged exposure of the containers to fire or intense heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. It is used in making electronics. 
it is an acetate salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of tris and acetic acid. It has a role as a buffer. It contains a member of Htris. 
Aminoglycoside antibiotic complex produced by Streptomyces fradiae. It is composed of neomycins A, B, and C, and acts by inhibiting translation during protein synthesis. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid which is substituted by tert-butyl groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as an antitussive. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
Didrate is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is the meglumine salt form of diatrizoate, an organic, iodinated, radiopaque X-ray contrast medium used in diagnostic radiography. The iodine moiety of it is not penetrable by X-rays, therefore blocks the X-ray film exposure by radiation. This makes it possible to distinguish on X-ray film, body parts that contain it from body parts that do not contain this agent and allows for visualization of different body structures. 
it is a benzenedisulfonamide-based agent and carbonic anhydrase (CA) inhibitor with diuretic activity. it inhibits CA, thereby preventing sodium, bicarbonate and thus water reabsorption in the proximal convoluted tubule resulting in diuresis. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of imidapril, an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, imidapril is converted by hydrolysis in the liver into its active form imidaprilat. Imidaprilat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. Imidaprilat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is the stable isotope of rubidium with relative atomic mass 86.909184, 27.9 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 3/2. 
it is a member of the class of piperazines that is piperazine in which the hydrogens attached to nitrogen are replaced by a (4-chlorophenyl)(phenyl)methyl and a 2-(carboxymethoxy)ethyl group respectively. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent, a H1-receptor antagonist, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of piperazines, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an ether. it is a metabolite of hydroxyzine and a selective peripheral histamine H1-receptor antagonist. It is used for symptomatic treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and for chronic urticaria. (NCI) it Hydrochloride is a synthetic phenylmethyl-piperazinyl derivative, antihistaminic it is a metabolite of hydroxyzine and a selective peripheral histamine H1-receptor antagonist. It is used for symptomatic treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and for chronic urticaria. (NCI04) 
Clindamycin Phosphate is the phosphate salt form of clindamycin, a semi-synthetic, chlorinated broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of lincomycin. Clindamycin phosphate is used in topical preparations. 
it is a xanthene dye that is fluoran carrying four hydroxy substituents at positions 3', 4', 5' and 6'. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye and a G-protein-coupled receptor antagonist. It is a gamma-lactone, a polyphenol, a xanthene dye, an oxaspiro compound, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a member of 2-benzofurans. It derives from a fluoran. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid that is benzoic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 3. It occurs naturally in Phyllanthus acidus and in the aquatic fern Salvinia molesta. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 36:2 in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are both oleoyl. It is a 1-acyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine betaine and a 1,2-di-octadecenoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. It derives from an oleic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is the N-acetyl derivative of L-phenylalanine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-acyl-L-phenylalanine, a N-acetyl-L-amino acid and a it. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-phenylalaninate. It is an enantiomer of a N-acetyl-D-phenylalanine. 
it is a hydroxy-amino acid consisting of L-threonine having a hydroxy substituent at the 4-position. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a L-threonine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a hydroxy-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of ureas in which three of the four hydrogens are replaced by 4-fluorobenzyl, 1-methylpiperidin-4-yl, and 4-(isopropyloxy)benzyl groups. An atypical antipsychotic that is used (in the form of its tartrate salt) for treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson's disease. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent, a 5-hydroxytryptamine 2A receptor inverse agonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It is a member of ureas, a member of piperidines, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an aromatic ether and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide that is guanosine 3',5'-cyclic monophosphate(1-) in which the hydrogen at position 8 on the purine fragment has been replaced by a nitro group; major species at pH 7.3. It derives from a 3',5'-cyclic GMP(1-). It is a conjugate base of an it. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Flash point near 70Â°F. Very toxic by inhalation. Denser than water. Used to make other chemicals. 
it, [solid] appears as colorless to white liquids (or tan dusts). Primarily a threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrate the soil, contaminate groundwater or nearby waterways. Toxic by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. Used as pesticide. Practically insoluble in water. 
Choloyl-CoA, also known as cholyl-CoA or cholyl-coenzyme A, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl coas. These are acyl-CoAs carrying a 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl chain. Choloyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Choloyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, choloyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Choloyl-CoA participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Choloyl-CoA and taurine can be converted into taurocholic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme bile acid-coa:amino acid N-acyltransferase. In addition, Choloyl-CoA and glycine can be converted into glycocholic acid; which is mediated by the enzyme bile acid-coa:amino acid N-acyltransferase. In humans, choloyl-CoA is involved in bile acid biosynthesis pathway, congenital bile acid synthesis defect type II pathway, congenital bile acid synthesis defect type III pathway, and the cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) pathway. Choloyl-CoA is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include the familial hypercholanemia (fhca) pathway, the zellweger syndrome pathway, and 27-hydroxylase deficiency. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a slight amine odor. Somewhat soluble in water. Denser than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Inhalation of vapors may severely irritate mucous membranes and upper respiratory tract. May severely irritate and possible burn skin. Severe eye irritant. May cause permanent damage or temporary blindness. 
it is a decapeptide comprising 5-oxoprolyl, glutamyl, aspartyl, O-sulfotyrosyl, threonyl, glycyl, tryptopyl, methionyl, aspartyl and phenylalaninamide residues in sequence. Found in the skins of certain Australian amphibians, it is an analogue of the gastrointestinal peptide hormone cholecystokinin and stimulates gastric, biliary, and pancreatic secretion. It is used in cases of paralysis of the intestine (paralytic ileus) and as a diagnostic aid in pancreatic malfunction. It has a role as a diagnostic agent and a gastrointestinal drug. 
it is a furofuran that is cis-tetrahydro-1H,3H-furo[3,4-c]furan substituted by a 6-hydroxy-1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl group at position 1S and a 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl group at position 4S. It is metabolite found in sesame seeds. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a member of benzodioxoles, a furofuran and an organic hydroxy compound. 
it is a nucleobase analogue that is cytosine in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by a hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aminopyrimidine, a nucleobase analogue, a pyrimidone and an aromatic primary alcohol. It derives from a cytosine. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is the 3'-hydroxylated metabolite of diclofenac. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an allergen. It is a dichlorobenzene, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a diclofenac. 
Scopolamine as a natural plant alkaloid that has potent anticholinergic effects and is used to treat mild to moderate nausea, motion sickness and allergic rhinitis. Scopolamine has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Scopolamine is a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it is under development by Axonyx, a US biopharmaceutical company that focuses on treatments for dementia. it is a next generation acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor indicated for the treatment of AD. Unlike currently marketed AChE inhibitors, it has a dual mechanism of action that also includes anti-amyloid activity, which may confer disease-modifying effects in patients with AD. If this is substantiated in an ongoing clinical trial then it may open the door to an entirely new type of treatment for AD. Axonyx announced on 20 September 2005 that it was ineffective in two curtailed phase 3 trials. 
Remifentanil hydrochloride is the monohydrochloride salt of remifentanil. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an opioid analgesic, an intravenous anaesthetic and a sedative. It contains a remifentanil. 
it is a sphingoid, an amino alcohol and a triol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a sphinganine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an orally bioavailable indolocarbazole derivative with antineoplastic properties. it inhibits autophosphorylation of FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3), resulting in inhibition of FLT3 activity and induction of apoptosis in tumor cells that overexpress FLT3. (NCI05) 
it is a carboxylic acid trianion resulting from the deprotonation of the phosphate group and both carboxy groups of 7,8-it. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a carboxylic acid trianion and an organophosphate oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a 7,8-it. 
it is an aliphatic sulfide that is propan-1-ol substituted by a (2-hydroxyethyl)thio group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aliphatic sulfide and a diol. 
it is the meso-diastereomer of 1,4-dimercaptobutane-2,3-diol; a sulfur-containing sugar derived from the monosaccharide erythrose; and an epimer of dithiothreitol. It has a role as a reducing agent. 
it is a penicillin antibiotic having a 6beta-2-carboxy-2-phenylacetamido side-chain. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. it acylates the penicillin-sensitive transpeptidase C-terminal domain by opening the lactam ring. This inactivation prevents the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan strands, thereby inhibiting the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to incomplete bacterial cell wall synthesis and eventually causes cell lysis. 
it appears as orange-red to yellow crystalline solids with an musty odor or no odor. Consists of a mixture in unspecified proportions the compounds three isomeric forms. Used as corrosion inhibitors and to make other chemicals. Toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Produces oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as allyl sulfur compounds. Allyl sulfur compounds are compounds containing an allylsulfur group, with the general structure H2C(=CH2)CS. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, methyl 2-propenyl tetrasulfide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, methyl 2-propenyl tetrasulfide can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes methyl 2-propenyl tetrasulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2-Methylbenzyl alcohol acetate, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. 2-Methylbenzyl alcohol acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methylbenzyl alcohol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-methylbenzyl alcohol acetate can be found in parsley. This makes 2-methylbenzyl alcohol acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-it; major species at pH 7.3. It is an enantiomer of a D-it zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a L-it. Phenylalanine is an essential aromatic amino acid in humans (provided by food), Phenylalanine plays a key role in the biosynthesis of other amino acids and is important in the structure and function of many proteins and enzymes. Phenylalanine is converted to tyrosine, used in the biosynthesis of dopamine and norepinephrine neurotransmitters. The L-form of Phenylalanine is incorporated into proteins, while the D-form acts as a painkiller. Absorption of ultraviolet radiation by Phenylalanine is used to quantify protein amounts. (NCI04) 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is glutaric acid substituted at position 3 by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glutaric acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retro-dihydrochalcones. These are a form of normal dihydrochalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an ortho-fused bicyclic hydrocarbon consisting of a benzene ring fused to a cyclopentane ring; a high-boiling (176 (o)C) colourless liquid. It is a member of its and an ortho-fused bicyclic hydrocarbon. 
it is a one-carbon compound and a pseudohalogen oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanate. It is a tautomer of an isoit. 
it is a tartaric acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-carboxy-2,3-dihydroxypropanoate. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a it and a C4-dicarboxylate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-carboxy-2,3-dihydroxypropanoate. 
Cefpodoxime Proxetil is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefpodoxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefpodoxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it is a single-stranded DNA oligonucleotide consisting of two thymidine molecules linked (3'->5') and also with a C6-C4 bond. It results from irradiation at 254 nm of normal dTpT (PDB entry: 1EHL). 
it is a benziodoxole compound having a hydroxy substituent at the 1-position and an oxo substituent at the 3-position. It is a tautomer of an ortho-iodosylbenzoic acid. 
it is an alkyl sulfonate with potential antineoplastic activity. it alkylates DNA, thereby producing DNA interstrand crosslinks and DNA strand breaks and inhibiting DNA replication. This agent has been shown to exhibit antitumor activity in an animal model of prostate cancer. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of furonaphthodioxoles that is (5R,5aR,8aR)-5,8,8a,9-tetrahydro-2H-furo[3',4':6,7]naphtho[2,3-d][1,3]dioxol-6(5aH)-one substituted at position 5 by a 3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a lignan, a furonaphthodioxole, a gamma-lactone and a member of methoxybenzenes. 
Talnetant (SB-223,412) is a neurokinin 3 receptor antagonist developed by GlaxoSmithKline, which is being researched for several different functions, primarily for irritable bowel syndrome and as a potential antipsychotic drug for the treatment of schizophrenia. 
it is the isothiocyanate formed by substitution of an S=C=N- group at the para-position of benzoic acid. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-isothiocyanatobenzoate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tanshinones, isotanshinones, and derivatives. These are a group of abietane-type norditerpenoid quinones. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, methuyl tanshinonate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, methuyl tanshinonate can be found in alcoholic beverages, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes methuyl tanshinonate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A sulfuric acid dimer, formed by disulfide linkage. This compound has been used to prolong coagulation time and as an antidote in cyanide poisoning. 
3-(2-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-(2-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a monohydroxybenzoate that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 5-nitrosalicylic acid. It is a salicylate and a monohydroxybenzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 5-nitrosalicylic acid. 
Vincristine appears as a white crystalline solid. Melting point 218Â°C. Used as an antineoplastic. Vincristine is a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Vinca rosea Linn. Vincristine binds irreversibly to microtubules and spindle proteins in S phase of the cell cycle and interferes with the formation of the mitotic spindle, thereby arresting tumor cells in metaphase. This agent also depolymerizes microtubules and may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. (NCI04) 
N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester is an alpha-amino acid ester that is the methyl ester of N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is an alpha-amino acid ester, a L-arginine derivative, a N-nitro compound and a methyl ester. It is a conjugate base of a N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester(1+). 
A potent mycotoxin produced in feedstuffs by several species of the genus FUSARIUM. It elicits a severe inflammatory reaction in animals and has teratogenic effects. 
(R)-(+)-citronellol is a citronellol that is oct-6-ene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and methyl groups at positions 3 and 7 (the 3R-enantiomer). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-(-)-citronellol. 
it is a hydrate that is the trihydrate form of vanadyl sulfate. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and an EC 2.7.11.11 (cAMP-dependent protein kinase) inhibitor. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid in which the sulfo group is linked to position 2 of the naphthalene ring. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 
Palonosetron, also known as 2-qhbiqo or aloxi, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoquinolones and derivatives. These are aromatic polycyclic compounds containing a ketone bearing isoquinoline moiety. Palonosetron is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Palonosetron has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, palonosetron is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
2-hydroxy-6-oxo-6-phenylhexa-2,4-dienoic acid is penta-2,4-dienoic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by hydroxy and one of the hydrogens at position 5 is substituted by a benzoyl group. It is a metabolic product of biphenyl from Pseudomonas putida. It is a 6-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an enone, an enol, an aromatic ketone and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a sorbic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-6-oxo-6-phenylhexa-2,4-dienoate. It is a tautomer of a 2,6-dioxo-6-phenylhexa-3-enoic acid. 
it is phenol carrying amino and chloro substituents at positions 2 and 5 respectively. It is part of the degradation pathway of 4-chloronitrobenzene, CHEBI:34399. It is a member of phenols, a primary amino compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is an activator of chloride channels (ClC-2) in the intestine and is used for treatment of chronic constipation and irritable bowel syndrome. it has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during treatment or to episodes of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a bicyclic fatty acid derived from prostaglandin E1 and a chloride channel activator with laxative activity. Upon intake, it specifically binds to and activates the type 2 chloride channel (ClC-2) in the apical membrane of the gastrointestinal epithelium. This produces an efflux of chloride ions, thereby drawing water into the gastrointestinal lumen. The resulting increased amounts of intestinal fluid soften the stool, increase motility, and improve bowel movements. 
{2-[(isopropylamino)methyl]-7-nitro-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinolin-6-yl}methanol is a member of the class of quinolines that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroquinoline which is substituted at positions 2, 6, and 7 by (isopropylamino)methyl, hydroxymethyl, and nitro groups, respectively. It is a member of quinolines, a C-nitro compound, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic primary alcohol. 
Isopimara-8(14),15-diene is a diterpene derived from pimarane by dehydrogenation across the C(8)-C(14) and C(15)-C(16) bonds It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an isopimarane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, undecanal propyleneglycol acetal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, fatty, and floral taste. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides that results from the formal condensation of benzoic acid with the amino group of 4-methoxyanthranilic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of benzoic acids and a member of benzamides. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-benzoyl-4-methoxyanthranilate. 
1,2 ditetradecanoylglycerol is a 1,2-diglyceride in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specifed as tetradecanoyl. It is a 1,2-diglyceride and a tetradecanoate ester. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of D-erythro-1-(imidazol-4-yl)glycerol 3-phosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-erythro-1-(imidazol-4-yl)glycerol 3-phosphate. 
it is the hyclate salt form of doxycycline, a synthetic, broad-spectrum tetracycline antibiotic exhibiting antimicrobial activity. it binds reversibly to the 30S ribosomal subunit, possibly to the 50S ribosomal subunit as well, thereby blocking the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex. This leads to an inhibition of protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Postmenopausal, Advanced Cancer, Adult Glioblastoma, Fallopian Tube Cancer, and Metastatic Breast Cancer, among others. 
it appears as a clear colorless aqueous solution containing 60 percent hydrogen hexafluorophosphate (HPF6) by mass. Density 1.65 g / cm3. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hybrid peptides. Hybrid peptides are compounds containing at least two different types of amino acids (alpha, beta, gamma, delta) linked to each other through a peptide bond. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, islanditoxin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an amino alcohol that is 2-aminooctadeca-8,16-diene-1,3,14-triol substituted by methyl groups at positions 5, 9, 13 and 17 (the 2S,3R,8E stereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a sphingoid and an amino alcohol. 
it is 1,3-Dihydro-2H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-one in which the hydrogens at positions 5 and 7 are substituted by 2-chlorophenyl and nitro groups, respectively. It is used in the treatment of all types of epilepsy and seizures, as well as myoclonus and associated abnormal movements, and panic disorders. However, its use can be limited by the development of tolerance and by sedation. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a GABA modulator and an anxiolytic drug. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a synthetic benzodiazepine derivative used for myotonic or atonic seizures, absence seizures, and photosensitive epilepsy, anticonvulsant it appears to enhance gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor responses, although its mechanism of action is not clearly understood. It is seldom effective in generalized tonic-clonic or partial seizures. (NCI04) 
it appears as odorless white crystalline powder or colorless crystals. A saturated aqueous solution is acid to litmus (approximately pH 5). Slightly bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of barbiturates, the structure of which is that of barbituric acid substituted at C-5 by ethyl and phenyl groups. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a sedative, an excitatory amino acid antagonist and a drug allergen. it is a long-acting barbituric acid derivative with antipsychotic property. it binds to and activates the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A receptor, thereby mimicking the inhibitory actions of GABA in the brain. The activation effects of the it-receptor-ionophore complex include increased frequency of chloride channel openings, membrane hyperpolarization and ultimately synaptic inhibition and decreased neuronal excitability. In addition, this agent inhibits glutamate induced depolarization. 
it is an orally available, aryladamantane compound and selective inhibitor of sphingosine kinase-2 (SK2) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, opaganib competitively binds to and inhibits SK2, thereby preventing the phosphorylation of the pro-apoptotic amino alcohol sphingosine to sphingosine 1-phosphate (S1P), the lipid mediator that is pro-survival and critical for immunomodulation. This may eventually lead to the induction of apoptosis and may result in an inhibition of cell proliferation in cancer cells overexpressing SK2. SK2 and its isoenzyme SK1 are overexpressed in numerous cancer cell types. 
it is a quinone imine obtained by formal condensation of one of the keto groups of benzoquinone with the amino group of 4-hydroxyaniline. It has a role as a dye. 
Cuelure, also known as fema 3652 or HDSF, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. Cuelure is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cuelure is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Cuelure has a berry, blueberry, and jam taste. 
it appears as slightly brownish crystals with a slight sulfurous odor. Used for the control of a wide variety of livestock insects including cattle grubs, lice, scabies, flies, and ticks; the common ectoparasites of sheep, goats, horse, swine, and poultry as well as for screwworms in all these animals. (EPA, 1998) it is an organothiophosphate insecticide, an organic thiophosphate and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an agrochemical, an acaricide, an antinematodal drug, an avicide and an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. It derives from a chlorferron. it is a synthetic organic thiophosphate, organochlorine compound, and organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a tan or slightly brown crystalline solid with a mild sulfurous odor, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
(5Z,11Z,14Z)-8,9-dihydroxyicosatrienoic acid is a DHET obtained by formal dihydroxylation across the 8,9-double bond of arachidonic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a DHET, a secondary allylic alcohol and a diol. It is a conjugate acid of a (5Z,11Z,14Z)-8,9-dihydroxyicosatrienoate. 
it is a primary ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of beta-D-galactosyl-(1<->1')-sphinganine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-D-galactosyl-(1<->1')-sphinganine. 
(Â±)-it, also known as fema 3583, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group) (Â±)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (Â±)-it can be found in orange mint. This makes (Â±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoporosis and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. it is a 1,1-bisphosphonate ester with potential antineoplastic and hypocholesterolemic activities. it binds to hydroxyapatite crystals in the bone matrix where it inhibits enzymatic activity of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, which is required for the formation of mevalonate, the precursor of cholesterol. Consequently, shortage of mevalonate impedes the synthesis of downstream isoprenoids that are essential for protein prenylation. This leads to the loss of activity of proteins involved in osteoclast function and cellular proliferation, such as Ras and Rho, leading to an inhibition of cellular proliferation, and induction of osteoclasts apoptosis. In addition, it activates the farnesoid X activated receptor (FXR), a member of the nuclear hormone superfamily implicated in cholesterol metabolism and bile acid transport and may play a role in this agent's antineoplastic effect. 
Cevimeline is an orally available cholinergic agonist that is used to treat symptoms of dry mouth in patients with keratoconjunctivitis sicca (SjÃ¶gren syndrome). Cevimeline has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a cholinergic analogue with glandular secretion stimulatory activity. Cevimeline binds to and activates muscarinic receptors, thereby increasing the secretions in exocrine salivary and sweat glands. This cholinergic agonist also increases the tone of smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts. Cevimeline is being studied as a treatment for dry mouth caused by radiation therapy to the head and neck. 
it is a clear yellow slightly viscous liquid with a pungent odor. Yellowish-green vapors. Faintly acidic to litmus. (NTP, 1992) it is a 2-oxo aldehyde derived from propanal. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 2-oxo aldehyde and a member of propanals. 
it is a 33-epi-chloro-derivative of the ascomycin macrolactam with immunosuppressant property. it binds to the receptor macrophilin-12 (FKBP-12) forming a complex that blocks the calcium-dependent signal transduction cascade mediated by calcineurin. Via dephosphorylation, calcineurin is the enzyme responsible for activating nuclear factor of activated T-cells (NF-AT), a T cell transcriptional regulatory factor. As a consequence, the synthesis and release of Th1- (T helper 1) and Th2- (T helper 2) type cytokines, and other inflammatory mediators from T-cells and mast cells are blocked and the expression of signals essential for the activation of inflammatory T-lymphocytes is inhibited. However, pimecrolimus mode of action is cell-selective and does not affect Langerhans' cells/dendritic cells and primary fibroblasts. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that results from the deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group of tropic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a tropic acid. 
(3beta, 5alpha, 24R)-Stigmast-8(14)-en-3-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stigmastanes and derivatives. These are sterol lipids with a structure based on the stigmastane skeleton, which consists of a cholestane moiety bearing an ethyl group at the carbon atom C24. Thus, (3beta, 5alpha, 24R)-stigmast-8(14)-en-3-ol is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule (3beta, 5alpha, 24R)-Stigmast-8(14)-en-3-ol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral (3beta, 5alpha, 24R)-Stigmast-8(14)-en-3-ol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (3beta, 5alpha, 24R)-stigmast-8(14)-en-3-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (3beta, 5alpha, 24R)-stigmast-8(14)-en-3-ol can be found in root vegetables. This makes (3beta, 5alpha, 24R)-stigmast-8(14)-en-3-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a lemon yellow liquid. Boiling point 257-260Â°F (125-127Â°C). Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used as a catalyst. 
it appears as a white powder. Strong irritant when dissolved in water. it is a lithium salt and a carbonate salt. It has a role as an antimanic drug. it is the carbonate salt of lithium, a soft alkali metal, with antimanic and hematopoietic activities. Lithium interferes with transmembrane sodium exchange in nerve cells by affecting sodium, potassium-stimulated adenosine triphosphatase (Na+, K+-ATPase); alters the release of neurotransmitters; affects cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) concentrations; and blocks inositol metabolism resulting in depletion of cellular inositol and inhibition of phospholipase C-mediated signal transduction. The exact mechanism through which lithium exerts its mood-stabilizing effect has not been established. In addition, lithium stimulates granulocytopoiesis and appears to increase the level of pluripotent hematopoietic stem cells by stimulating the release of hematopoietic cytokines and/or directly acting on hematopoietic stem cells. 
4,4&#39;-sulfonyldianiline appears as odorless white or creamy white crystalline powder. Slightly bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a sulfone that is diphenylsulfone in which the hydrogen atom at the 4 position of each of the phenyl groups is substituted by an amino group. It is active against a wide range of bacteria, but is mainly employed for its actions against Mycobacterium leprae, being used as part of multidrug regimens in the treatment of all forms of leprosy. It has a role as an antimalarial, a leprostatic drug, an antiinfective agent and an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a sulfone and a substituted aniline. It derives from a diphenyl sulfone. it is a synthetic derivative of diamino-sulfone with anti-inflammatory and anti-bacterial properties. As a structural analog of p-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), it inhibits dihydropteroate synthase (DHPS), an enzyme important in folate synthesis, resulting in a depletion of the folate pool and a reduction in the amount of thymidylate available for DNA synthesis. Although the exact mechanism through which it exerts its anti-inflammatory activity has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent interferes with the activation and oxidative damage of myeloperoxidase in neutrophils and inhibits the integrin-mediated adherence and chemotaxis of neutrophils. it's anti-inflammatory activities may contribute to the effects seen upon topical administration. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as primary alcohols. Primary alcohols are compounds comprising the primary alcohol functional group, with the general structure RCOH (R=alkyl, aryl). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
5, 7alpha-Dihydro-1, 4, 4, 7a-tetramethyl-4H-indene, also known as 2, 2, 6, 7-tetramethylbicyclo[4. 3. 0]nona-1(9), 4, 7-triene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched unsaturated hydrocarbons. These are hydrocarbons that contains one or more unsaturated carbon atoms, and an aliphatic branch. 5, 7alpha-Dihydro-1, 4, 4, 7a-tetramethyl-4H-indene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5, 7alpha-dihydro-1, 4, 4, 7a-tetramethyl-4H-indene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5, 7alpha-dihydro-1, 4, 4, 7a-tetramethyl-4H-indene can be found in fruits and quince. This makes 5, 7alpha-dihydro-1, 4, 4, 7a-tetramethyl-4H-indene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy and sulfino groups of 3-sulfinopropionic acid. Major microspecies at pH 7.3 It is an organosulfinate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 3-sulfinopropionic acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Heart Failure, Echocardiogram, Pharmacokinetics, Chronic Heart Failure, and History of Chronic Heart Failure, among others. 
Cefuroxime Axetil is a second generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefuroxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefuroxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it is a diterpenoid with the structure of tigliane hydroxylated at C-4, -9, -12(beta), -13 and -20, with an oxo group at C-3 and unsaturation at the 1- and 6-positions. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, an enone, a cyclic ketone, a tertiary alcohol and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a tigliane. 
it is a topical corticosteroid and prednisolone acetate derivative, with anti-inflammatory activity. Upon instillation into the eye, it binds to and activates the glucocorticoid receptor (GR). The receptor-ligand complex binds to promoter regions of certain genes and initiates RNA transcription. This results in an induction of synthesis of phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, thereby inhibiting the synthesis of arachidonic acid and preventing the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators, such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. This reduces ocular inflammation and pain. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thia fatty acids. These are fatty acid derivatives obtained by insertion of a sulfur atom at specific positions in the chain it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is an ergot alkaloid isolated from the fungus Epichloe typhina. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 
it is an indole alkaloid having the structure of aspirospermidine methoxylated at C-17 and acetylated at N-1. It derives from a hydride of an aspidospermidine. 
it is a 13 amino acid oligopeptide which is the ligand for the apelin receptor (also known as the APJ receptor). It exhibits hypotensive and neuroprotective effects, and may be a potential prognostic biomarker for acute ischemic stroke and multiple sclerosis. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a biomarker, an autophagy inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an it(3+). 
In April 2018, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Swiss company Helsinn approved the intravenous formulation of AKYNZEOÂ® (NEPA, a fixed antiemetic combination of it, 235mg, and palonosetron, 0.25mg) as an alternative treatment option for patients experiencing chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. it is the pro-drug form of netupitant.  Generally, 25% to 30% of patients with a diagnosis of cancer receive chemotherapy as a treatment modality and 70% to 80% of these patients undergoing chemotherapy treatment may experience nausea and vomiting as major side effects. Considered one of the most distressing side effects of chemotherapy, nausea and vomiting has an immense impact on the quality of life of patients receiving certain antineoplastic therapies. 
it is a colorless liquid with an odor of gasoline. Flash point -20Â°F (Aldrich). Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Flammable vapor is produced. Boiling point 86Â°F. (USCG, 1999) 
it is an aminoacylpyridine that is pyridine substituted at position 3 by a 4-(methylamino)butanoyl group. It is a pyridine alkaloid and an aminoacylpyridine. It is a conjugate base of a pseudooxynicotinium(1+). 
it is an organic cation resulting from the protonation of the carbonilide moiety of alstonine. The major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of an alstonine. 
it is a member of the class of cyclopropenes that is cyclopropene in which the hydrogen at position 1 has been replaced by a methyl group. A gas at room temperture and pressure, it is a (synthetic) ethylene perception inhibitor and is used to prolong the life of cut and potted flowers, other ornamental plants, and fruit. It has a role as a plant growth regulator and an agrochemical. It is a member of cyclopropenes and a cycloalkene. 
N(omega),N(omega)-dimethyl-L-arginine is a L-arginine derivative having two methyl groups both attached to the primary amino moiety of the guanidino group. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a member of guanidines, a L-arginine derivative and a dimethylarginine. It is a conjugate base of a N(omega),N(omega)-dimethyl-L-argininium(1+). 
it, also known as b. w. 306u, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as pepper (c. baccatum), european chestnut, jujube, and fox grape. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a branched amino octasaccharide that consists of the linear tetrasaccharide beta-D-Xyl-(1->2)-beta-D-Man-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcNAc-(1->4)-GlcNAc in which the Man residue is substituted at positions 3 and 6 by beta-D-GlcNAc-(1->2)-alpha-D-Man groups. It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide, an oligosaccharide derivative and an amino octasaccharide. 
it is a clear colorless liquid with an odor of lavender. (NTP, 1992) it is a monoterpenoid that is the acetate ester derivative of geraniol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester and a monoterpenoid. It derives from a geraniol. 
it is a naturally occurring radioactive gas that is odorless and tasteless. It is formed from the radioactive decay of uranium. Uranium is found in small amounts in most rocks and soil. It slowly breaks down to other products such as radium, which breaks down to radon. it also undergoes radioactive decay. It divides into two parts-one part is called radiation, and the other part is called a daughter. The daughter, like radon, is not stable, and it also divides into radiation and another daughter. The dividing of daughters continues until a stable, nonradioactive daughter is formed. During the decay process, alpha, beta, and gamma radiation are released. Alpha particles can travel only a short distance and cannot travel through your skin. Beta particles can penetrate through your skin, but they cannot go all the way through your body. Gamma radiation can go all the way through your body. it is no longer used in the treatment of various diseases including cancer, arthritis, diabetes, and ulcers. it is used to predict earthquakes, in the study of atmospheric transport, and in exploration for petroleum and uranium. it(0) is a monoatomic radon that has an oxidation state of zero. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 86, and 222.0. 
it, also known as N-oxide-zopiclone or oxzop, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclopyrrolones. Cyclopyrrolones are compounds belonging to a family of pyridin-2-ylpyrrole based chemicals. The pyrrole is usually fused to a benzene, pyrimidine, or dithiin. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 2,5-diammoniohexanoate. 
it is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine that is the ethanolamide of eicosanoic acid. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine and a N-(saturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine. It derives from an icosanoic acid. 
it is a myo-inositol pentakisphosphate that consists of myo-inositol having the five phospho groups located at positions 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 as well as a diphospho group at position 1. It is a myo-inositol pentakisphosphate and a diphosphoinositol polyphosphate. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(13-). 
it is a hexaric acid resulting from formal oxidative ring cleavage of galactose. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-) and a it anion. 
5-O-Digalloyl-3, 4-di-O-galloylquinic acid, also known as 34-g-5-digqa or 3, 4, 5, 5-tetragqa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone). 5-O-Digalloyl-3, 4-di-O-galloylquinic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-O-digalloyl-3, 4-di-O-galloylquinic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-thiazoles that is 2-[2-(propan-2-ylidene)hydrazino]-1,3-thiazole carrying an additional 4-chlorophenyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.48 (histone acetyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a hydrazone and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
Teicoplanin is a glycopeptide antibiotic complex isolated from the bacterium Actinoplanes teichomyceticus. Teicoplanin inhibits peptidoglycan polymerization, resulting in inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis and cell death. (NCI04) 
it is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid that is the N-acetylated derivative of the natural amino acid L-cysteine. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antioxidant, an antiviral drug, an antidote to paracetamol poisoning, a vulnerary, a mucolytic, a human metabolite and a radical scavenger. It is a L-cysteine derivative, an it and a N-acetyl-L-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-cysteinate. it is a synthetic N-acetyl derivative of the endogenous amino acid L-cysteine, a precursor of the antioxidant enzyme glutathione. it regenerates liver stores of glutathione. This agent also reduces disulfide bonds in mucoproteins, resulting in liquification of mucus. Some evidence suggests that it may exert an anti-apoptotic effect due to its antioxidant activity, possibly preventing cancer cell development or growth. In addition, it has inhibited viral stimulation by reactive oxygen intermediates, thereby producing antiviral activity in HIV patients. (NCI04) 
it is the synthetic dipropionate ester of estradiol, a steroid sex hormone vital to the maintenance of fertility and secondary sexual characteristics in females. As the primary, most potent estrogen hormone produced by the ovaries, estradiol binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors. This agent exhibits mild anabolic and metabolic properties, and increases blood coagulability. (NCI04) 
it is an aryl beta-D-glucoside that is salicyl alcohol in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a prodrug, an antipyretic, a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is an aryl beta-D-glucoside, an aromatic primary alcohol and a member of benzyl alcohols. It derives from a salicyl alcohol. 
2-amino-3-(2-methylenecyclopropyl)propanoic acid is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a 2-methylenecyclopropyl group. The phytotoxin known as hypoglycin A is a mixture of the diastereoisomers that have L configuration at the amino-bearing carbon. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a member of cyclopropanes and an olefinic compound. 
it is a crystalline, aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of six fused rings and formed during the incomplete combustion of organic matter. it is primarily found in engine exhaust, cigarette tar and coal tar pitch. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate that is 2'-deoxycytidine-5'-triphosphate in which the hydrogen at position 5 on the cytosine ring is replaced by iodine. It is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate and an organoiodine compound. It derives from a dCTP. 
it is a beta-D-Gal-(1->3)-D-GalNAc having beta-configuration at the reducing end anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It is a beta-D-Galp-(1->3)-D-GalpNAc and a D-Galp-(1->3)-D-GalpNAc. 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is 5alpha-stigmastane which is substituted at the 3beta position by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug and a plant metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid and a member of phytosterols. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-stigmastane. it is a steroid derivative characterized by the hydroxyl group in position C-3 of the steroid skeleton, and a saturated bond in position 5-6 of the B ring. 
it is a naphthoquinone isolated from Rhinacanthus nasutus and has been shown to exhibit antiviral activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antiviral agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a carboxylic ester, an enol, an enoate ester and a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone. 
it is a light tan to brown solid with a pleasant odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is an aromatic amine containing two phenyl substituents. It has been used as a fungicide for the treatment of superficial scald in apples and pears, but is no longer approved for this purpose within the European Union. It has a role as a carotogenesis inhibitor, an antioxidant, an EC 1.3.99.29 [phytoene desaturase (zeta-carotene-forming)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic amine, a secondary amino compound and a bridged diphenyl fungicide. 
it is a monosaccharide sulfate that is D-glucuronic acid esterified at O-3 by sulfuric acid. It derives from an aldehydo-D-glucuronic acid. 
Diit appears as white wet solid. May float or sink in water. This solid peroxide is particularly sensitive to temperature rises, contamination, and friction. Above a given \ 
it is an angelica lactone and a butenolide. It derives from a but-2-en-4-olide. It is a tautomer of an alpha-angelica lactone. 
Sodium vanadate appears as colorless to yellow crystals or cream colored solid. Melting point 630Â°C. it is an inorganic sodium salt having metavanadate as the counterion. It contains a metavanadate. 
it is a diterpenoid that is phenanthrene substituted by a methoxy group at position 6, methyl groups at position 1 and 2 and an isopropyl group at position 7. A norabietane derivative, it is isolated from the roots of Salvia multicaulis and exhibits antitubercular activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is a diterpenoid, a member of phenanthrenes and an aromatic ether. 
it is a quinolone consisting of quinolin-4(1H)-one carrying a heptyl substituent at position 2 and a hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a signalling molecule. 
Coenzyme A is a coenzyme containing pantothenic acid, adenosine 3-phosphate 5-pyrophosphate, and cysteamine; involved in the transfer of acyl groups, notably in transacetylations. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an N-arylpiperazine that is (3aR,4S,7R,7aS)-2-{[(1R,2R)-2-(piperazin-1-ylmethyl)cyclohexyl]methyl}hexahydro-1H-4,7-methanoisoindole-1,3(2H)-dione in which position N4 of the piperazine ring is substituted by a 1,2-benzothiazol-3-yl group. it is used (generally as the hydrochloride salt) as an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist and a second generation antipsychotic. It is a 1,2-benzisothiazole, a N-arylpiperazine, a bridged compound and a dicarboximide. It derives from a maleimide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a cephalosporin compound having 7beta-2-(2-amino-thiazol-4-yl)-2-[(Z)-hydroxyimino]-acetylamino- and 3-vinyl side groups. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin and a ketoxime. it is a semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefdinir inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it is an N-L-leucyl prodrug of the anthracycline doxorubicin, with antineoplastic activity. it is converted to its active form doxorubicin in or on tumor cells by hydrolytic enzymes. 
it appears as white crystals or crystalline powder. Slight sulfurous odor. Specific gravity 1.48. Strong irritant to skin and tissue. it is an inorganic sodium salt and a sulfite salt. It has a role as a mutagen. It contains a hydrogensulfite. 
4-(methylamino)antipyrine is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is antipyrine substituted at C-4 by a methylamino group. It is a metabolite of aminopyrine and of metamizole. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, an opioid analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, a peripheral nervous system drug, an antipyretic and a drug metabolite. It is a member of pyrazoles and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an antipyrine. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid diamide that consists of N-methylisophthalamide bearing three iodo substituents at positions 2, 4 and 6, a methoxyacetyl substituent at position 5 and two 2,3-dihydroxypropyl groups attached to the amide nitrogens. A water soluble x-ray contrast agent for intravascular administration. It has a role as a radioopaque medium, a nephrotoxic agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is an organoiodine compound and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. It derives from an isophthalamide and a glycerol. 
it is a cephalosporin compound having (1H-1,2,3-triazol-4-ylsulfanyl)methyl and [(2R)-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)]acetamido side-groups. An antibacterial drug first prepared in the 1970s, it has more recently been found to be an inhibitor of eukaryotic elongation factor-2 kinase (eEF2K), which is known to regulate apoptosis, autophagy and ER stress in many types of human cancers. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an EC 2.7.11.20 (elongation factor 2 kinase) inhibitor. It is a cephalosporin, a semisynthetic derivative, a carboxylic acid, a member of triazoles, a member of phenols and an amino acid amide. it is a broad-spectrum, semisynthetic, first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a 2-benzofuran compound having oxo groups at the 1- and 3-positions and a carboxy substituent at the 5-position; the cyclic anhydride formed from the carboxy groups at the 1- and 2-positions of trimellitic acid. It has a role as an epitope, an allergen and a hapten. It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride, a dioxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of 2-benzofurans. It derives from a phthalic anhydride and a trimellitic acid. 
it is a member of the class of its that is 2-nitroanisole in which the hydrogen para to the methoxy group is replaced by a second nitro group. It has a role as an explosive. 
it is a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 3beta and 7alpha. The 3beta-hydroxy epimer of chenodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a bile acid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3beta,7alpha-dihydroxy-5beta-cholan-24-oate. 
Ammonium magnesium phosphate is an inorganic phosphate that is the ammonium magnesium salt of phosphoric acid. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is an inorganic phosphate, an ammonium salt and a magnesium salt. It contains a phosphate(3-). 
it is a dimethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6 and 7 and hydroxy groups at positions 5, 3' and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is an oxo fatty acid that is the 3-oxo derivative of decanoic acid. It derives from a decanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-oxodecanoate. 
it is the 1-phospho derivative of alpha-D-ribose. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-ribose. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-ribose 1-phosphate(2-). 
it is a it that is the (R)-enantiomer of diclofop. It has a role as a phenoxy herbicide. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-diclofop. 
(2S,4R)-ketoconazole is a cis-1-acetyl-4-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazine which dioxolane moiety has (2S,4R)-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (2R,4S)-ketoconazole. Ketoconazole is a synthetic derivative of phenylpiperazine with broad antifungal properties and potential antineoplastic activity. Ketoconazole inhibits sterol 14-a-dimethylase, a microsomal cytochrome P450-dependent enzyme, thereby disrupting synthesis of ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell wall. (NCI04) 
it is a very long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is pentacosane in which a hydrogen attached to one of the terminal carbons is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has been identified in the roots of Rhodiola imbricata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a pentacosane. 
it is a member of the class of pyranoindolizinoquinolines that is (4S)-pyrano[3',4':6,7]indolizino[1,2-b]quinoline-3,14-dione bearing two additional ethyl substituents at positions 4 and 11 as well as two additional hydroxy substituents at positions 4 and 9. It is the active metabolite of irinotecan and is ~1000 times more active than irinotecan itself. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, a drug metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyranoindolizinoquinoline, a delta-lactone, a tertiary alcohol and a member of phenols. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which one of the hydrogens of each amino group is replaced by a phenyl group. It is present in coconut milk (Cocos nucifera). It has a role as a plant metabolite and a cytokinin. 
it is the amino acid analog fluorodopa (FDOPA) labeled with fluorine F 18, a positron-emitting isotope, with potential tumor tracer property. Fluorine F 18 fluorodopa is able to cross the blood-brain barrier and is taken up by brain tumor cells. As uptake is higher in tumor cells, tumors may then be imaged using positron emission tomography (PET). Assessing tumor uptake of FDOPA may be beneficial for diagnosis, localization and in determining further treatment. 
it is a 19-membered macrocyle that is geldanamycin in which the methoxy group attached to the benzoquinone moiety has been replaced by a 2-(N,N-dimethylamino)ethylamino group. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor. It is a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound, an ansamycin, a member of 1,4-benzoquinones and a carbamate ester. It derives from a geldanamycin. it is an analogue of the antineoplastic benzoquinone antibiotic geldanamycin. it binds to HSP90, a chaperone protein that aids in the assembly, maturation and folding of proteins. Subsequently, the function of Hsp90 is inhibited, leading to the degradation and depletion of its client proteins such as kinases and transcription factors involved with cell cycle regulation and signal transduction. 
Aminofurantoin, also known as afmai, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydantoins. These are heterocyclic compounds containing an imidazolidine substituted by ketone group at positions 2 and 4. Aminofurantoin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Aminofurantoin has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, aminofurantoin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by an ethyl group. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-ethylacrylate. 
it is a tetrahydropyridine that is 1,2,5,6-tetrahydropyridine with a methyl group at position 1, and a methoxycarbonyl group at position 3. An alkaloid found in the areca nut, it acts as an agonist of muscarinic acetylcholine. It has a role as a muscarinic agonist and a metabolite. It is a tetrahydropyridine, an enoate ester, a pyridine alkaloid and a methyl ester. 
Ferric ammonium oxalate appears as a green crystalline solid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used in making blueprints. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is toluene in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by a carboxy group. It has a role as a toxin, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an EC 6.4.1.1 (pyruvate carboxylase) inhibitor, an Aspergillus metabolite, a plant growth retardant, an allergen and an auxin. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of benzenes and a member of its. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phenylacetate. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine compound having hexanoyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an O-acylcarnitine and a hexanoate ester. 
it is a monomethoxybenzene that is 1,3,5-trichlorobenzene in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a methoxy group. It is a monomethoxybenzene and a trichlorobenzene. 
A quinolizidine alkaloid isolated from several FABACEAE including LUPINUS; SPARTIUM; and CYTISUS. It has been used as an oxytocic and an anti-arrhythmia agent. It has also been of interest as an indicator of CYP2D6 genotype. 
it is an ethoxybenzoic acid carrying an ethoxy substituent at position 3. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-ethoxybenzoate. 
it appears as colorless to white monoclinic crystals or prisms or white powder. Sublimes when gently heated. (NTP, 1992) it is a trimer of cyanamide, with a 1,3,5-triazine skeleton. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a cyanamide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Gas that condenses to a liquid at 55Â°F. Insoluble in water. Soluble in alcohol, acetone and ether. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a colorless liquid with a weak fruity odor. Floats and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a C21-steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a fluorinated steroid, a mineralocorticoid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and an 11beta-hydroxy steroid. It has a role as an adrenergic agent and an anti-inflammatory drug. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic corticosteroid with antiinflammatory and antiallergic properties. it is a mineralocorticoid receptor and glucocorticoid receptor agonist that binds to cytoplasmic receptors, translocates to the nucleus and subsequently initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as lipocortins to inhibit phospholipase A2. This prevents the release of arachidonic acid, a precursor to prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both important mediators in the pro-inflammatory response mechanism. In addition, this agent exerts its mineralocorticoid effect on the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the kidney by inducing permease, an enzyme that regulates Na+ permeability in cells, thereby enhancing Na+ reabsorption and water retention as well as increasing K+, H+ excretion. 
it is a tertiary amine. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, a muscle relaxant and an antispasmodic drug. It derives from a p-cresol. it is a benzhydryl compound and a muscarinic receptor antagonist possessing both antimuscarinic and antispasmodic properties. Both it and its active metabolite, 5-hydroxymethylit, competitively blocks muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting acetylcholine binding. This antagonistic action results in an increase in residual urine, reflecting an incomplete emptying of the bladder, and a decrease in detrusor pressure, indicating an antimuscarinic action on the lower urinary tract. The 5-hydroxymethyl metabolite appears to contribute significantly to the therapeutic effects. 
it is the hippurate salt form of methenamine, a prodrug and inactive weak base that slowly hydrolyzes in acidic urine to ammonia and the effective, urinary tract antiseptic formaldehyde. Formaldehyde probably exerts its antibacterial effect by denaturation of protein. Depending on the urinary concentrations, formaldehyde is either bactericidal or bacteriostatic. Formaldehyde urinary concentrations are dependent on urine pH, volume, and flow rate. Formaldehyde acts as an antibacterial agent against gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. 
it is inosine carrying a methyl substituent at position 1 on the hypoxanthine ring. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an inosine. 
it sodium is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of bromosulfophthalein. It has a role as a dye. It contains a bromosulfophthalein(2-). It derives from a 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one. 
it, also known as it or 2-(alpha-methylvinyl)pyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1-methylethenyl)pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm it is a caramellic, chocolate, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as cocoa and cocoa products, coffee and coffee products, nuts, and tea. This makes (1-methylethenyl)pyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an amino tetrasaccharide comprising residues of galactose, N-acetylglucosamine, galactose and glucose in a linear sequence, all joined by beta-linkages. It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
2-amino-7-methyl-7H-purin-6-ol is a it that is 7H-purine substituted by an amino group at position 2, a methyl group at position 7 and a hydroxy group at position 6. It is a tautomer of a 2-amino-7-methyl-1,7-dihydro-6H-purin-6-one and a 2-imino-7-methyl-1,2,3,7-tetrahydro-6H-purin-6-one. 
it is an alkene that is 1-hexene substituted by an ethyl group at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 1-hexene. 
it is the methanesulfonic acid salt of 9,10-dihydroergocornine. It is a component of ergoloid mesylate (codergocrine mesilate), a mixture of ergot alkaloid derivatives that is used as a vasodilator and has shown mild benefits in the treatment of vascular dementia. It contains a dihydroergocornine. It derives from an ergocornine. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is a metabolite of diclofenac having hydroxy and methoxy groups at positions 3' and 4' respectively.. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an allergen. It is a dichlorobenzene, a secondary amino compound, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It derives from a diclofenac. 
it is an acetylenic fatty acid that is octadecanoi acid (stearic acid) which has been doubly dehydrogenated at positions 17 and 18 to give the corresponding alkynoic acid. It has a role as a P450 inhibitor, an EC 1.14.14.94 (leukotriene-B4 20-monooxygenase) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.15.3 (alkane 1-monooxygenase) inhibitor. It is a long-chain fatty acid, an acetylenic fatty acid, a terminal acetylenic compound and a monounsaturated fatty acid. 
it is a 2'-deoxycytidine having geminal fluoro substituents in the 2'-position. An inhibitor of ribonucleotide reductase, it is used in the treatment of various carcinomas, particularly non-small cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, bladder cancer and breast cancer. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, a prodrug, an EC 1.17.4.1 (ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a radiosensitizing agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite, an antiviral drug and an immunosuppressive agent. It is an organofluorine compound and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside. it is a broad-spectrum antimetabolite and deoxycytidine analogue with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it is converted into the active metabolites difluorodeoxycytidine diphosphate (dFdCDP) and difluorodeoxycytidine triphosphate (dFdCTP) by deoxycytidine kinase. dFdCTP competes with deoxycytidine triphosphate (dCTP) and is incorporated into DNA. This locks DNA polymerase thereby resulting in masked termination during DNA replication. On the other hand, dFdCDP inhibits ribonucleotide reductase, thereby decreasing the deoxynucleotide pool available for DNA synthesis. The reduction in the intracellular concentration of dCTP potentiates the incorporation of dFdCTP into DNA. 
it is the L-enantiomer of cysteinium. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-cysteine and a L-cysteine zwitterion. It is an enantiomer of a D-cysteinium. itteine is a non-essential sulfur-containing amino acid in humans, related to cystine, itteine is important for protein synthesis, detoxification, and diverse metabolic functions. Found in beta-keratin, the main protein in nails, skin, and hair, itteine is important in collagen production, as well as skin elasticity and texture. Also required in the manufacture of amino acid taurine, itteine is a component of the antioxidant glutathione, and plays a role in the metabolism of essential biochemicals such as coenzyme A, heparin, and biotin. (NCI04) 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is 1,3,2-oxazaphosphinan-2-amine 2-oxide substituted by 2-chloroethyl groups on both the nitrogen atoms respectively. It is a nitrogen mustard alkylating agent used in the treatment of advanced breast cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent, an alkylating agent, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. it is a synthetic analogue of the nitrogen mustard cyclophosphamide with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and forms DNA crosslinks, thereby preventing DNA strand separation and DNA replication. This agent is a prodrug that must be activated through hydroxylation by hepatic microsomal enzymes. (NCI04) 
it is a stilbenol that is 1,1'-ethane-1,2-diyldibenzene with hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3 and 4'. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02581124 (Study to Evaluate Effect of Lapatinib on Pharmacokinetics of it in Subjects With End-stage Renal Disease). 
Timolol is 1,2,5-Thiadiazole substituted at the 3 position by a 3-(tert-butylamino)-2-hydroxypropoxy group and at the 4 position by a morpholin-4-yl group. The (S)-(-) enantiomer, also known as timolol, is a beta-adrenergic antagonist and is used in the mangement of glaucoma, hypertension, angina pectoris and myocardial infarction, and for the prevention of migraine. It is a member of thiadiazoles and a member of morpholines. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2,5-thiadiazole. 
it is an organic sodium salt having 2-[(2-hydroxynaphthalen-1-yl)diazenyl]-5-[(4-sulfonatophenyl)diazenyl]benzene-1-sulfonate as the counterion. Used as a plasma stain in Masson's trichrome. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a it(2-). 
TG(16:0/20:0/16:0), also known as triacylglycerol or tag(52:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. TG(16:0/20:0/16:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. TG(16:0/20:0/16:0) has been found in human adipose tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, TG(16:0/20:0/16:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. TG(16:0/20:0/16:0) can be biosynthesized from DG(16:0/20:0/0:0) and palmityl-CoA through the action of the enzyme diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase. In humans, TG(16:0/20:0/16:0) is involved in the metabolic disorder called de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(16:0/20:0/16:0) pathway. 
it is a trihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4', a methoxy group at position 6 and a 1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl group at position 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone, a member of pyrrolidines and an alkaloid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a peculiar odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point near 123Â°F. May be toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make plastics and dyes. it is a trimethylbenzene carrying methyl substituents at positions 1, 3 and 5. 
Desferrioxamine B mesylate is a methanesulfonate salt. It has a role as an iron chelator and an antidote. It contains a desferrioxamine B. 
it is a cationic surface-active compound. As an additive to pharmacologic formulations, it causes dispersion and penetration of cellular debris and exudate, thereby promoting tissue contact of the administered medication. 
3-chloro-4-diethylaminobenzenediazonium zinc chloride appears as a white to light-colored crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a S-substituted analog of mercaptopurine and purine antagonist with cytostatic activity. it inhibits purine nucleotide synthesis and DNA replication. 
Tropine is a derivative of tropane having a hydroxy group at the 3-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a tropinium. 
it is a unsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of gadoleic acid, formed by deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It is an unsaturated fatty acid anion, an icosanoid anion and a long-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a gadoleic acid. 
it is a member of the class of phenylethanolamines that is phenol which is substituted at the para- position by a 2-amino-1-hydroxyethyl group. A biogenic phenylethanolamine which has been found to act as a neurotransmitter, neurohormone or neuromodulator in invertebrates. It has a role as a neurotransmitter. It is a member of phenylethanolamines and a member of tyramines. It is a conjugate base of an octopaminium. 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the formal reacton of equimolar amounts of hydrogen chloride and amorolfine. An inhibitor of the action of squalene monooxygenase, Delta(14) reductase and D7-D8 isomerase and an antifungal agent, it is used for the topical treatment of fungal nail and skin infections. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 5.3.3.5 (cholestenol Delta-isomerase) inhibitor and an EC 1.3.1.70 (Delta(14)-sterol reductase) inhibitor. It is a hydrochloride and a morpholine antifungal drug. It contains an amorolfine(1+). it is the hyrochloride salt form of amorolfine, a morpholine antifungal agent. Amorolfine inhibits delta-14-reductase and delta-7,8-isomerase, which depletes ergosterol and causes ignosterol to accumulate in the fungal cytoplasmic cell membrane. 
Phe-Tyr is a dipeptide formed from L-phenylalanine and L-tyrosine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-phenylalanine and a L-tyrosine. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from a pent-4-enoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxopent-4-enoic acid. It is a tautomer of a 2-hydroxypenta-2,4-dienoate. 
it is a small molecule and non-prodrug analogue of the lipophilic macrolide antibiotic rapamycin with potential antitumor activity. it binds to and inhibits the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), which may result in cell cycle arrest and, consequently, the inhibition of tumor cell growth and proliferation. Upregulated in some tumors, mTOR is a serine/threonine kinase involved in regulating cellular proliferation, motility, and survival that is located downstream of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 4-acetamidobutanoic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-acetamidobutanoic acid. 
it is an oily colorless liquid with a mild sweet odor. Floats and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a glycol in which the two hydroxy groups are at positions 2 and 4 of 2-methylpentane (isopentane). 
2, 6-Pipecoloxylidide, also known as desbutylbupivacaine or pipecolylxylidine-2', 6', belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acid amides. These are amide derivatives of alpha amino acids. 2, 6-Pipecoloxylidide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2, 6-Pipecoloxylidide has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 2, 6-pipecoloxylidide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Silver carbonate is an odorless yellow to brown solid. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a carbon oxoacid and a chalcoit. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogencarbonate. 
Ibogaine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it appears as a straw-colored liquid with a strong, obnoxious odor. Lethal by inhalation of even small amounts of vapor. Lethal by skin absorption. Skin and eye irritant. Decomposes at high temperatures to form toxic sulfur oxides and flammable hydrogen sulfide. Less dense than water. Used as a lubricant additive and in polymer modification. 
D,it is a white crystalline solid with a peppermint odor and taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a p-menthan-3-ol which has (1R,2S,5R)-stereochemistry. It is the most common naturally occurring enantiomer. It has a role as an antipruritic drug, an antitussive and an antispasmodic drug. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-menthol. it is a levo isomer of menthol, an organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or mint oils with flavoring and local anesthetic properties. When added to pharmaceuticals and foods, menthol functions as a fortifier for peppermint flavors. It also has a counterirritant effect on skin and mucous membranes, thereby producing a local analgesic or anesthetic effect. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is fenchane in which the hydrogens at position 2 are replaced by an oxo group. It is a component of essential oil from fennel (Foeniculum vulgare). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a fenchane monoterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a carbobicyclic compound. 
The middle segment of proinsulin that is between the N-terminal B-chain and the C-terminal A-chain. It is a pancreatic peptide of about 31 residues, depending on the species. Upon proteolytic cleavage of proinsulin, equimolar INSULIN and C-peptide are released. C-peptide immunoassay has been used to assess pancreatic beta cell function in diabetic patients with circulating insulin antibodies or exogenous insulin. Half-life of C-peptide is 30 min, almost 8 times that of insulin. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N,N'-di(propan-2-yl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a methylsulfanediyl group at position 6. It has a role as a herbicide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a methylthio-1,3,5-triazine. 
ite, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the beta carbon atom. ite is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, pantetheine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. ite participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, ite can be converted into pantothenic acid and cysteamine; which is mediated by the enzyme pantetheinase. In addition, ite can be converted into pantetheine 4'-phosphate; which is mediated by the enzyme pantothenate kinase 1. In humans, pantetheine is involved in pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis pathway and the propanoate metabolism pathway. ite is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include the methylmalonic aciduria due to cobalamin-related disorders pathway, the malonic aciduria pathway, and malonyl-CoA decarboxylase deficiency. 
it is an organochlorine insecticide and a chlorocarbon. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant. it is a white, stable, odorless, synthetic, crystalline solid chlorinated hydrocarbon. it was used as an insecticide against ants and as a fire-retardant for plastics, paint, rubber, paper and electrical appliances, but it is no longer produced or used in the US. Exposure to it irritates the skin and eyes and causes a headache as well as dizziness, nausea and vomiting and affects the central nervous system, lungs, liver and kidneys. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
A derivative of acetic acid, N(CH2COOH)3. It is a complexing (sequestering) agent that forms stable complexes with Zn2+. (From Miall's Dictionary of Chemistry, 5th ed.) 
it is a tetrachlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which each of the phenyl groups is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by chlorines. It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a dimeric, non-ionic, water-soluble, radiographic contrast agent, used particularly in coronary angiography. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. it is a dimeric iso-osmolar, non-ionic, hydrophilic iodinated radiocontrast agent used in diagnostic imaging. Upon intravascular administration and during computed tomography (CT) imaging, it blocks x-rays and appears opaque on x-ray images. This allows body structures that absorb iodine to be visualized. The degree of opacity produced by it is directly proportional to the total amount of the iodinated contrast agent in the path of the x-rays. The visualization of body structures is dependent upon the distribution and elimination of it. Compared to other iodinated contrast agents, it appears to exhibit less nephrotoxicity. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-2-sulfonic acid substituted by nitro groups at positions 5 and 7 as well as a hydroxy group at position 8. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'it S'. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a member of naphthols, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a C-nitro compound. It is a conjugate acid of a flavianate. 
it is a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid that is malic acid substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 3. It derives from a malic acid. 
it is a long-chain fatty aldehyde and a 2,3-saturated fatty aldehyde. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a clear colorless to light amber liquid with a mild non residual odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a secondary alcohol that is isopropanol in which one of the methyl hydrogen atoms is substituted by chlorine. It is an organochlorine compound and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a propane. 
it is a yellow liquid which is miscible in water. It is difficult to burn. It is toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. It is a mixture of ethyl phosphates and ethyl pyrophosphate. It decomposes at high temperatures. May be found in the form of a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 15-hydroxypalmitic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a hydroxy fatty acid anion and a long-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 15-hydroxypalmitic acid. 
it is a clear colorless to pale yellow liquid. Boiling point 154.4Â°F (68Â°C). it is a member of nitrite esters. It derives from an isobutanol. 
it has been used in trials studying the supportive care of Nausea and Vomiting and Testicular Germ Cell Tumor. it is the hydrochloride salt of a 2-piperazinylbenzimidazole-derivative serotonin type 3 (5-HT3) receptor antagonist with antiemetic activity. it specifically binds to 5-HT3 receptors, located peripherally on vagus nerve terminals and centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) of the area postrema, which may result in suppression of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
it is a quinoxaline derivative used as systemic herbicide for annual and perennial grasses. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an agrochemical and a phenoxy herbicide. It is an aromatic ether, an organochlorine compound, a quinoxaline derivative, a carboxylic ester and an oxime O-ether. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Diodone is a 4-pyridone in which the pyridone is iodo-substituted at C-3 and -5 and has a carboxymethyl substituent on nitrogen; used as a radiocontrast agent urography. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. It is a member of 4-pyridones, a monocarboxylic acid and an organoiodine compound. 
it is a benzochromenone that is beta-lapachone in which one of the hydrogens attached to the carbon adjacent to that bearing the gem-dimethyls is replaced by a bromine. It is a benzochromenone, an organobromine compound and a member of orthoquinones. 
it is a tetrapyrrole fundamental parent that consists of two pyrrole and two reduced pyrrole units connected by methine linkages, where the two reduced pyrroles are located diagonally opposite one another. It is a tetrapyrrole fundamental parent and a member of its. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt of the 9-aminoacridine derivative quinacrine with potential antineoplastic and antiparasitic activities. Quinacrine may inhibit the transcription and activity of both basal and inducible nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB), which may result in the induction of tumor suppressor p53 transcription, the restoration of p53-dependent apoptotic pathways, and tumor cell apoptosis. Continuous NF-kappaB signaling, present in many tumors and in chronic inflammatory processes, promotes the expression of antiapoptotic proteins and cytokines while downregulating the expression of proapoptotic proteins, such as p53. 
it is a member of the class of piperidines that is N-isobutylpiperidine in which a hydrogen of one of the methyl groups is replaced by a p-tert-butylphenyl group. It is a member of piperidines and a tertiary amine. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 38:4 in which the two acyl substituents at positions 1 and 2 are specified as stearoyl and arachidonoyl respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a phosphatidylcholine 38:4 and a 1-acyl-2-arachidonoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is a branched amino tetrasaccharide that consists of the linear trisaccharide alpha-L-fucosyl-(1->3)-N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine in which an alpha-L-fucosyl residue is attached at position 3 of the glucoamine. It has a role as an epitope. It is an amino tetrasaccharide, a glucosamine oligosaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 
it, anhydrous appears as a colorless, fuming oily liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 99Â°F. Explodes during distillation if traces of air are present. Toxic by inhalation and by skin absorption. Corrosive to tissue. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used as a rocket propellant and in fuel cells. it is an azane and a member of its. It has a role as an EC 4.3.1.10 (serine-sulfate ammonia-lyase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a hydrazinium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a hydrazinide. it is a highly reactive base and reducing agent used in many industrial and medical applications. In biological applications, it and its derivatives exhibit antidepressant properties by inhibiting monoamine oxidase (MAO), an enzyme that catalyzes the deamination and inactivation of certain stimulatory neurotransmitters such as norepinephrine and dopamine. In psychiatry, the use of it derivatives is limited due to the emergence of the tricyclic antidepressants. (NCI04) 
3-(methylaminomethyl)indole is an aminoalkylindole that is indole carrying a methylaminomethyl substituent at postion 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an aminoalkylindole, a secondary amino compound and an indole alkaloid. 
it is a hydrogen butenedioate obtained by deprotonation of one of the carboxy groups of fumaric acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a fumaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a fumarate(2-). 
it is a prostaglandins G. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthoquinones. Naphthoquinones are compounds containing a naphthohydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring linearly fused to a bezene-1, 4-dione (quinone). it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 5-tert-butyl-3-hydroxy-isooxazol-4-yl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of isoxazoles and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is an amino acid derivative comprised of three allysyl side chains plus one unaltered lysyl side chain from the same or neighboring polypeptides condensed into a pyridinium ring. it is found in elastin and its detection in urine, plasma, or sputum samples can be used as a marker for excessive elastin degradation, which is associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and other pathologies. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a very long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a pentacosanoate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is valeric acid substituted by a phenyl group at the delta-position. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenes. It derives from a valeric acid. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used as a catalyst in chemical processing and as a waterproofing agent. 
it is an N-(adenosin-N(6)-ylcarbonyl)threonine in which the adenosine ring is carrying a 2-methylthio substituent. It is a N-(adenosin-N(6)-ylcarbonyl)threonine and a L-threonine derivative. It derives from an adenosine. 
it is a carbamate ester that is cytidine in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by fluorine and in which the amino group attached to position 4 is converted into its N-(penyloxy)carbonyl derivative. it is a antineoplastic agent used in the treatment of cancers. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a prodrug and an antimetabolite. It is a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound and a member of cytidines. it is a fluoropyrimidine carbamate belonging to the class of antineoplastic agents called antimetabolites. As a prodrug, it is selectively activated by tumor cells to its cytotoxic moiety, 5-fluorouracil (5-FU); subsequently, 5-FU is metabolized to two active metabolites, 5-fluoro-2-deoxyuridine monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP) by both tumor cells and normal cells. FdUMP inhibits DNA synthesis and cell division by reducing normal thymidine production, while FUTP inhibits RNA and protein synthesis by competing with uridine triphosphate for incorporation into the RNA strand. (NCI04) 
it, also known as (CH3Se)2 or 1, 2-dimethyldiselane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diselenides. These are organoselenium compounds with the general structure R-Se-Se-R' (R, R' = H or organic moiety). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in onion-family vegetables and soft-necked garlic. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a synthetic polypeptide analogue of somatostatin that resembles the native hormone in its ability to suppress levels and activity of growth hormone, insulin, glucagon and many other gastrointestinal peptides. Because its half-life is longer than somatostatin, lanreotide can be used clinically to treat neuroendocrine tumors that secrete excessive amounts of growth hormone (acromegaly) or other active hormones or neuropeptides. it has many side effects including suppression of gall bladder contractility and bile production, and maintenance therapy may cause cholelithiasis and pancreatitis as well accompanying liver injury. it is a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. it binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, lanreotide has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or it formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. it Acetate is the acetate salt of a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. it binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, lanreotide has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or it formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that consists of cyclohexane substituted by a carboxy group. It is a conjugate acid of a cyclohexanecarboxylate. 
it is a phosphate salt obtained by reaction ruxolitinib with one equivalent of phosphoric acid. Used for the treatment of patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, including primary myelofibrosis, post-polycythemia vera myelofibrosis and post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It contains a ruxolitinib. it is the phosphate salt form of ruxolitinib, an orally bioavailable Janus-associated kinase (JAK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic and immunomodulating activities. Ruxolitinib specifically binds to and inhibits protein tyrosine kinases JAK 1 and 2, which may lead to a reduction in inflammation and an inhibition of cellular proliferation. The JAK-STAT (signal transducer and activator of transcription) pathway plays a key role in the signaling of many cytokines and growth factors and is involved in cellular proliferation, growth, hematopoiesis, and the immune response; JAK kinases may be upregulated in inflammatory diseases, myeloproliferative disorders, and various malignancies. 
it is a glycopeptide that is isolated from Amycolatopsis orientalis. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a monosaccharide derivative, a cyclic ether, a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a polyphenol, an organochlorine compound and a glycopeptide. It derives from a vancomycin aglycone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a cholestanoid that consists of cholesterol bearing an oxo substituent at position 7. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent. It is a 3beta-sterol, a cholestanoid, a 7-oxo steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is a 4-hydroxy-D-proline in which the hydroxy group at position 4 has R-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a 2'-deoxycytidine hydrochloriode having geminal fluoro substituents in the 2'-position. An inhibitor of ribonucleotide reductase, it is used in the treatment of various carcinomas, including non-small cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, bladder cancer and breast cancer. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent, an antiviral drug, an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.17.4.1 (ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase) inhibitor, a radiosensitizing agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is an organofluorine compound and a hydrochloride. It contains a gemcitabine. Gemcitabine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of an analogue of the antimetabolite nucleoside deoxycytidine with antineoplastic activity. Gemcitabine is converted intracellularly to the active metabolites difluorodeoxycytidine di- and triphosphate (dFdCDP, dFdCTP). dFdCDP inhibits ribonucleotide reductase, thereby decreasing the deoxynucleotide pool available for DNA synthesis; dFdCTP is incorporated into DNA, resulting in DNA strand termination and apoptosis. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is butanoic acid in which the hydrogens at position 2 are replaced by an acetyl and a hydroxy group (the S enantiomer). It is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-2-acetyl-2-hydroxybutanoate. 
it appears as a colorless poisonous gas with a strong peculiar odor. Highly toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to skin and eyes. Can explode on contact with water. Decomposes to toxic gaseous fluorine if heated to high temperature. Prolonged exposure of the containers to high heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. Used as an oxidizer for propellants. 
it appears as a blue-green crystalline solid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used as an insecticide, in the preparation of other chemicals, as a fungicide, and mildew preventive. 
it is the first nonpeptide vasopressin (AVP) V(2)-receptor-selective agonist. It is a V(2)-selective agonist that produces a significant antidiuretic action after single and multiple oral dosing in AVP-deficient and normal AVP states. It is useful therapeutic drug in the treatment of hypothalamic diabetes insipidus, nocturnal enuresis, and some kinds of urinary incontinence. 
it is a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 26-hydroxy steroid, a cholestanoid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It has a role as a bile acid metabolite. 
(5-hydroxyindol-3-yl)acetic acid is a member of the class of indole-3-acetic acids that is indole-3-acetic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at C-5. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (5-hydroxyindol-3-yl)acetate. 
The serotonin type 3 (5-HT3) receptor antagonists are potent antiemetics used for prevention of postsurgical or chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting and for some agents as therapy of diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome. The 5-HT3 receptor antagonists are associated with a low rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but have been only rarely implicated in cases of clinically apparent liver injury. it is an indazole derivative with antiemetic properties. As a selective serotonin receptor antagonist, it competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5-hydroxytryptamine3 (5-HT3) receptors, resulting in the suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
it, also known as AP, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenyl thiophosphates. These are organothiophosphorus compounds that contain a thiophosphoric acid O-esterified with a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of a 1,3,4-thiadiazole nucleus with a methyl substituent at C-5 and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at C-2. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor, an antiinfective agent and a drug allergen. It is a sulfonamide, a member of thiadiazoles and a sulfonamide antibiotic. it is a broad-spectrum sulfanilamide and a synthetic analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with antibacterial property. it competes with PABA for the bacterial enzyme dihydropteroate synthase, thereby preventing the incorporation of PABA into dihydrofolic acid, the immediate precursor of folic acid. This leads to an inhibition of bacterial folic acid synthesis and de novo synthesis of purines and pyrimidines, ultimately resulting in cell growth arrest and cell death. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 1-methyl-1H-benzimidazole which is substituted at positions 4, 5, and 6 by fluorine, (4-bromo-2-fluorophenyl)nitrilo, and N-(2-hydroxyethoxy)aminocarbonyl groups, respectively. It is a MEK1 and MEK2 inhibitor (IC50= 12 nM). Approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAF V600E or V600K mutation in combination with encorafenib. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of bromobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a hydroxamic acid ester and a secondary amino compound. it is an orally available inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1 and 2 (MEK1/2) with potential antineoplastic activity. it, noncompetitive with ATP, binds to and inhibits the activity of MEK1/2. Inhibition of MEK1/2 prevents the activation of MEK1/2 dependent effector proteins and transcription factors, which may result in the inhibition of growth factor-mediated cell signaling. This may eventually lead to an inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and an inhibition in production of various inflammatory cytokines including interleukin-1, -6 and tumor necrosis factor. MEK1/2 are dual-specificity threonine/tyrosine kinases that play key roles in the activation of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK pathway and are often upregulated in a variety of tumor cell types. 
it, free from yellow and white phosphorus appears as a yellow crystalline solid. Easily ignited by friction. Forms sulfur dioxide and phosphorus pentaoxide during combustion. Reacts with water to form phosphoric acid, a corrosive material. Used to make matches and in the manufacture of other chemicals. 
it is a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of heptadecanoic acid, It has a role as a metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA and an 11,12-saturated fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a heptadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is the 17,21-dipropionate ester of betamethasone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with metabolic, immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory actions. it binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
it is a it that is 3a,5,5a,9b-tetrahydronaphtho[1,2-b]furan-2,8(3H,4H)-dione substituted by methyl groups at positions 3, 5a and 9. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a botanical anti-fungal agent and a it. 
2-Methoxy-4-(4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 2-Methoxy-4-(4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methoxy-4-(4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Methoxy-4-(4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenol has a sweet, chocolate, and creamy taste. 
it is a hydroxybiphenyl that is catechol in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a 2-chlorophenyl group. It is a member of hydroxybiphenyls, a member of catechols and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a biphenyl-2,3-diol. 
it is pyrimidine substituted with a methoxy group at position C-2 and an amine group at C-4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aminopyrimidine, an aromatic ether and a methylcytosine. It derives from a cytosine. 
An adenine nucleotide containing three phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety. In addition to its crucial roles in metabolism adenosine triphosphate is a neurotransmitter. 
it is a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic used to treat Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in adults. it has minimal systemic absorption and has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to instances of clinically apparent, acute liver injury. it is a narrow-spectrum, 18-membered macrolide antibiotic isolated from the actinomycete Dactylosporangium aurantiacum subsp. hamdenensis with potential antibacterial activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, it may bind to and inhibit bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, thereby inhibiting the initiation of bacterial RNA synthesis. When orally administered, this agent is minimally absorbed into the systemic circulation, acting locally in the gastrointestinal tract. it appears to be active against pathogenic Gram-positive bacteria, such as clostridia, enterococci, and staphylococci, but does not appear to be active against other beneficial intestinal bacteria. 
3-(3,4-dihydroxypyridinium-1-yl)-L-alanine is a pyridinium ion that is L-alanine in which a methyl hydrogen is replaced by a 3,4-dioxidopyridinium-1-yl group. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(3,4-dioxidopyridinium-1-yl)-L-alanine(1-) and a 3-(3,4-dihydroxypyridinium-1-yl)-L-alanine zwitterion. 
it is a dipeptide formed L-leucine and L-valine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-valine. 
Doxepin is a dibenzooxepine that is 6,11-dihydrodibenzo[b,e]oxepine substituted by a 3-(dimethylamino)propylidene group at position 11. It is used as an antidepressant drug. It has a role as an antidepressant. It is a dibenzooxepine and a tertiary amino compound. it is a psychotropic agent similar to doxepin with potential antianxiety and antidepressant activities. Although its exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, cidoxepin may act similarly to doxepin. it may inhibit the reuptake of serotonin and noradrenaline from the synaptic cleft, thereby increasing their activity. This may account for its antianxiety and antidepressant effects. 
4-nitrophenyl-beta-D-galactoside is a beta-D-galactopyranoside having a 4-nitrophenyl substituent at the anomeric position. It has a role as an affinity label. It is a beta-D-galactoside and a monosaccharide derivative. 
3,5-dichloro-N-(1-chloro-3-methyl-2-oxopentan-3-yl)-4-methylbenzamide is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,5-dichloro-4-methylbenzamide with the amino group of 3-amino-1-chloro-3-methylpentan-2-one. It is a member of benzamides, an alpha-chloroketone and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a dibenzoazepine consisting of 10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenzo[b,f]azepine substituted on nitrogen with a 3-(methylamino)propyl group. It has a role as an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a cholinergic antagonist, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist, an EC 3.1.4.12 (sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor, an antidepressant and a drug allergen. It is a dibenzoazepine and a secondary amino compound. it is an active metabolite of imipramine, a tertiary amine and a synthetic tricyclic derivative of the antidepressant. it enhances monoamine neurotransmission in certain areas of the brain by inhibiting the re-uptake of noradrenaline and serotonin at the noradrenergic and serotoninergic nerve endings, respectively. It also induces sedation through histamine 1 receptor blockage and hypotension through beta-adrenergic blockage. 
2-Hydroxy-4-trifluoromethyl benzoic acid, also known as 4-tfmsa or HTB, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as salicylic acids. These are ortho-hydroxylated benzoic acids. 2-Hydroxy-4-trifluoromethyl benzoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Hydroxy-4-trifluoromethyl benzoic acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 2-hydroxy-4-trifluoromethyl benzoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is under investigation for the treatment of BREAST CANCER, Small Cell Lung Cancer, Acute Myeloid Leukaemia, and Myelodysplastic Syndrome. it is a synthetic small-molecule inhibitor of heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits Hsp90, resulting in the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic client proteins, the inhibition of cell proliferation and the elevation of heat shock protein 72 (Hsp72); it may inhibit the activity of multiple kinases, such as c-Kit, EGFR, and Bcr-Abl, which as client proteins depend on functional HsP90 for maintenance. Hsp90, a 90 kDa molecular chaperone upregulated in a variety of tumor cells, plays a key role in the conformational maturation, stability and function of client proteins within the cell, many of which are involved in signal transduction, cell cycle regulation and apoptosis, including kinases, transcription factors and hormone receptors. Hsp72 exhibits anti-apoptotic functions; its up-regulation may be used as a surrogate marker for Hsp90 inhibition. 
it, also known as 2-heptyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, octanal propyleneglycol acetal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a green and woody taste. 
it is a long-chain fatty aldehyde resulting from the formal oxidation of the hydroxy group of dotriacontan-1-ol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty aldehyde and a 2,3-saturated fatty aldehyde. It derives from a dotriacontane. 
it is a long-chain cyclopropenyl fatty acid comprising 8-heptadecenoic acid having a cyclopropene ring arising from the linking of C-8 and C-9 by a methylene substituent. It is a cyclopropenyl fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a monounsaturated fatty acid. 
Ceftaroline is a cephalosporin that is the active metabolite of the prodrug ceftaroline fosamil. Used for the treatment of adults with acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent and a drug metabolite. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a cephalosporin, an iminium betaine, an oxime O-ether and a member of thiadiazoles. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow liquid. Insoluble in water and more dense than water. Hence sinks in water. Contact may slightly irritate the skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a proanthocyanidin consisting of (-)-epicatechin and (+)-catechin units joined by a bond between positions 4 and 8' respectively in a beta-configuration.. it can be found in Cinnamomum verum (Ceylon cinnamon, in the rind, bark or cortex), in Uncaria guianensis (cat's claw, in the root), and in Vitis vinifera (common grape vine, in the leaf) or in peach. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a hydroxyflavan, a proanthocyanidin, a biflavonoid and a polyphenol. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin and a (+)-catechin. 
Metoclopramide hydrochloride is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of metoclopramide monohydrochloride. It has a role as a gastrointestinal drug, a dopaminergic antagonist and an antiemetic. It is a hydrate and a hydrochloride. It contains a metoclopramide(1+). Metoclopramide Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of the substituted benzamide metoclopramide, a para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) derivative that is structurally related to procainamide, with gastroprokinetic and antiemetic activities. Metoclopramide binds to dopamine 2 (D2) receptors in the peripheral nervous system (PNS), antagonizing dopamine-mediated relaxation of gastrointestinal smooth muscle and promoting gastroprokinesis; the pyloric sphincter and the duodenal bulb are relaxed, peristalsis of the duodenum and jejunum increase, and gastric emptying and intestinal transit accelerate. This agent may also increase the resting tone of the lower esophagus sphincter (LES), preventing acid reflux. In the central nervous system (CNS), metoclopramide antagonizes D2 dopamine receptors in the chemoreceptive trigger zone (CTZ) of the medulla, thereby preventing nausea and vomiting. 
1-Deoxy-D-glucitol, also known as fucitol or 6-deoxy-L-gulitol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hexoses. These are monosaccharides in which the sugar unit is a is a six-carbon containing moeity. Thus, 1-deoxy-D-glucitol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. 1-Deoxy-D-glucitol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-deoxy-D-glucitol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-deoxy-D-glucitol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 1-deoxy-D-glucitol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an aromatic amine that is 1,2,4-triazole substituted at positions 3 and 5 by amino groups. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.17.4.1 (ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase) inhibitor and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It is a member of triazoles and an aromatic amine. it is a cytostatic triazole derivative antimetabolite. it scavenges tyrosine free radicals, thereby inhibiting mammalian ribonucleotide reductase activity and DNA synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a straight-chain, C18 polyunsaturated fatty acid having four conjugated C#C bonds at positions 9, 11, 13 and 15 as well as an (S)-hydroxy group at position 17. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antineoplastic agent and an antiviral agent. It is a tetrayne, a long-chain fatty acid, an acetylenic fatty acid, a straight-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
it is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent that is cycloheptane in which one of the methylene groups is replaced by oxygen. It is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent and a cyclic ether. 
it, also known as a-methylbenzyl butyrate or fema 2686, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-phenylethyl butyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, berry, and earthy taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-alkylaminopurines. 6-alkylaminopurines are compounds that contain an alkylamine group attached at the 6-position of a purine. Purine is a bicyclic aromatic compound made up of a pyrimidine ring fused to an imidazole ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a pseudohalide anion. It has a role as a mitochondrial respiratory-chain inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that consists of 1-butylurea having a tosyl group attached at the 3-position. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, a potassium channel blocker, a human metabolite and an insulin secretagogue. it is a short-acting, first-generation sulfonylurea with hypoglycemic activity. Compared to second-generation sulfonylureas, it is more likely to cause adverse effects, such as jaundice. This agent is rapidly metabolized by CYPC29. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a LL-2,6-diaminopimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-LL-2,6-diaminopimelate(1-) and a N-acetyl-LL-2,6-diaminopimelate(2-). 
(S)-3-Hydroxytetradecanoyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acyl coas. These are acyl CoAs where the group acylated to the coenzyme A moiety is a long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms (S)-3-Hydroxytetradecanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa) (S)-3-Hydroxytetradecanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (S)-3-hydroxytetradecanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, (S)-3-hydroxytetradecanoyl-CoA is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway (S)-3-Hydroxytetradecanoyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include trifunctional protein deficiency, long-chain-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (lchad), the glutaric aciduria type I pathway, and long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (lcad). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-(cyclopentyloxy)-4-methoxybenzoic acid with the primary amino group of 3,5-dichloropyridin-4-amine. It has a role as a phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor, an anti-asthmatic drug, a bronchodilator agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of benzamides, a chloropyridine and an aromatic ether. 
it is a carboxylic acid that is 3-phenylpropanoic acid substituted at position 4 by a 2-hydroxy-3-(propan-2-ylamino)propoxy group. It is a carboxylic acid, a member of ethanolamines and a secondary amino compound. 
it appears as a colorless, fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Density 9.2 lb / gal. Flash point 40Â°F. Vapor, which is heavier than air, irritates the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue . it is an acyl chloride. It derives from an acetic acid. 
2-(Methylthiomethyl)furan, also known as 2-it or fema 3160, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2-(Methylthiomethyl)furan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-(methylthiomethyl)furan is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-(Methylthiomethyl)furan is a garlic, horseradish, and onion tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-(methylthiomethyl)furan a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a synthetic imidazole that inhibits hepatic cholesterol biosynthesis by inhibiting the cytochrome P450 enzyme lanosterol 14alpha-demethylase. In an animal model, it lowered serum cholesterol in a dose-depended manner. 
C.i. food red 5 appears as dark red crystals or red powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 4-[(2,4-dimethylphenyl)diazenyl]-3-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid. Its use is largely confined to Masson's trichrome, where it gives a slight orange shading to the red of the cytoplasmic structures. It has a role as a histological dye, a cardiotoxic agent and a carcinogenic agent. It contains a 4-[(2,4-dimethylphenyl)diazenyl]-3-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonate. 
it is a hydrate that is the tetrahydrate form of cadmium nitrate. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a genotoxin and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a hydrate, a cadmium salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. It contains a cadmium nitrate. 
it is a monocyclic heteroarene with a structure consisting of a 5-membered ring containing three carbon atoms and an oxygen and nitrogen atom adjacent to each other. It is the parent of the class of its. It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene and a member of its. 
O-it is an O-acyl-L-carnitine in which the acyl group is specified as lauroyl (dodecanoyl). It is an O-dodecanoylcarnitine, a dodecanoate ester and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
Alcohol analog of NICOTINIC ACID which is a direct-acting peripheral vasodilator that causes flushing and may decrease blood pressure. It is used in vasospasm and threatened GANGRENE. 
A ZINC-dependent carboxypeptidase primary found in the DIGESTIVE SYSTEM. The enzyme catalyzes the preferential cleavage of a C-terminal peptidyl-L-lysine or arginine. It was formerly classified as EC 3.4.2.2 and EC 3.4.12.3. 
it is a glycosyl glycoside comprising D-fructose attached to a D-fructofuranosyl residue via a beta-(2->1)-linkage. It has a role as an algal metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of quinolizines that is trans-5-methyloctahydro-2H-quinolizinium which is substituted by a di(thiophen-2-yl)methylidene group at position 3. Its bromide salt is used as an antispasmodic drug. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antispasmodic drug and an anti-ulcer drug. It is a member of thiophenes, a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of quinolizines. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is ursane substituted by a carboxy group at position 28 and hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3 and 23 (the 2alpha,3beta stereoisomer). It is isolated from Symplocos lancifolia and Vateria indica and exhibits anti-angiogenic activity. It has a role as an angiogenesis modulating agent and a metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a triol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as para cresols. Para cresols are compounds containing a para cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing one hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 4. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Cis, trans-muconate is also known as (e, Z)-Muconate or cis, trans-1, 3-Butadiene-1, 4-dicarboxylate. Cis, trans-muconate is considered to be soluble (in water) and acidic. 
it is a galactosylglycerol that is glycerol in which one of the primary hydroxy groups has been converted into the corresponding alpha-D-galactopyranoside. It is an alpha-D-galactoside and a galactosylglycerol. It derives from a glycerol. 
9a-(2-hydroxyethyl)dihydrothiochrome diphosphate is a pyrimidinothiazolopyrimidine that is dihydrothiochrome diphosphate in which the hydrogen at position 9a has been replaced by a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It is a pyrimidinothiazolopyrimidine, an organic diphosphate and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid bearing oxo and phenyl substituents at position 4. It has a role as a hapten. It derives from a butyric acid. 
Ddt and metabolites appears as a colorless crystalline solid or white to off-white powder. Odorless to slightly aromatic. Insoluble in water. Used as an insecticide. DDT is a chlorophenylethane that is 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-diphenylethane substituted by additional chloro substituents at positions 4 of the phenyl substituents. It is a commonly used organochlorine insecticide. It has a role as a bridged diphenyl acaricide, a carcinogenic agent, a persistent organic pollutant and an endocrine disruptor. It is an organochlorine insecticide, a benzenoid aromatic compound, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a chlorophenylethane. It derives from a 1,1,1-trichloro-2,2-diphenylethane and a 4,4'-dichlorodiphenylmethane. it is a white, odorless and tasteless, very stable, water-insoluble, synthetic, crystalline chlorinated hydrocarbon that is soluble in most organic solvents, fat and oils and tends to accumulate in ecosystems. DDT was once widely used as a pesticide to control insects in agriculture and to control malaria, typhus and body lice, but its use is now limited. Exposure to DDT mainly affects the nervous system resulting in tremors, dizziness, nausea, incoordination, convulsions and seizures. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
it is a synthetic homodetic cyclic peptide comprising N(alpha)-(3-sulfanylpropanoyl)homoarginyl, glycyl, aspartyl, tryptophyl, prolyl and cysteinamide residues connected in sequence and cyclised via a disulfide bond. Derived from a protein found in the venom of the southeastern pygmy rattlesnake, Sistrurus miliarus barbouri, it is an anti-coagulant that inhibits platelet aggregation by selectively blocking the platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor, so preventing the binding of fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor, and other adhesive ligands. It is used in the management of unstable angina and in patients undergoing coronary angioplasty and stenting procedures. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an anticoagulant. It is an organic disulfide, a macrocycle and a homodetic cyclic peptide. it is a cyclical heptapeptide with anticoagulant activity. it selectively and reversibly binds to and blocks the platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor. This prevents the binding of fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor, and other adhesive ligands and leads to an inhibition of platelet aggregation and prevents thrombus development. 
it is a white crystalline solid. The material is soluble in water. It is noncombustible but it will accelerate the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities of the material are involved in the fire an explosion may result. Prolonged exposure of the material to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. 
A standard reagent for the determination of reactive sulfhydryl groups by absorbance measurements. It is used primarily for the determination of sulfhydryl and disulfide groups in proteins. The color produced is due to the formation of a thio anion, 3-carboxyl-4-nitrothiophenolate. 
it is a secondary amino compound consisting of two molecules of tacrine that are linked together through their exocyclic amino groups by a heptane-1,7-diyl chain. it is an acetylcholinesterase (AChE)inhibitor (IC50 0.40 nM, >1,000 times more potent than tacrine). It has also been found to protect against H2O2 -induced apoptosis in rat pheochromocytoma cells. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent, an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and an apoptosis inhibitor. It derives from a tacrine. 
it is a C19-gibberellin initially identified in Gibberella fujikuroi and differing from gibberellin A1 by the absence of the OH at C-2 and the presence of a double bond between C-3 and C-3 (gibbane numbering). It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a lactone, a C19-gibberellin and a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid. 
it appears as odorless white to cream-colored granules or powder. Pure aqueous solutions are neutral or faintly acid and subject to mold growth. pH (4% aqueous solution): 5-8. Strongly hydrophilic. (NTP, 1992) 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of p-aminohippuric acid. It has a role as a diagnostic agent. It contains a p-aminohippurate. Sodium salt of aminohippuric acid. it is used as a non-toxic diagnostic tool to measure effective renal plasma flow. At low plasma concentration this agent is filtered by the glomeruli and almost completely cleared from the renal blood stream by active tubular secretion in a single transit through the kidney. Its clearance corresponds to the renal plasma blood flow. it is also used to measure functional capacity of the renal tubular secretory mechanism. This is achieved by elevating the drug plasma concentration to levels sufficient to saturate the maximal secretion capacity of the tubular cells. 
it is a natural or synthetic fungistatic fatty acid, antifungal it is used topically in creams against fungal infections, eczemas, ringworm, and other cutaneous conditions. The zinc provides an astringent action, reducing rawness and irritation. (NCI04) 
Mercuric potassium iodide, [solid] appears as odorless yellow crystals. Crystallizes with either one, two or three molecules of water. Soluble in water and denser than water. Commercially available in the anhydrous form. Highly toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption. 
A renal dehydropeptidase-I and leukotriene D4 dipeptidase inhibitor. Since the antibiotic, IMIPENEM, is hydrolyzed by dehydropeptidase-I, which resides in the brush border of the renal tubule, cilastatin is administered with imipenem to increase its effectiveness. The drug also inhibits the metabolism of leukotriene D4 to leukotriene E4. 
it is a cyclic nonapeptide hormone with amino acid sequence CYIQNCPLG that also acts as a neurotransmitter in the brain; the principal uterine-contracting and milk-ejecting hormone of the posterior pituitary. Together with the neuropeptide vasopressin, it is believed to influence social cognition and behaviour. It has a role as an oxytocic and a vasodilator agent. It is a peptide hormone and a heterodetic cyclic peptide. Recombinant it is a synthetic cyclic peptide form of the naturally occurring posterior pituitary hormone it. it binds to it receptors in the uterine myometrium, which triggers the G-protein coupled receptor signal transduction cascade that causes increased intracellular calcium concentrations. Increased calcium concentration levels activate myosin light chain kinase which, in turn, induces the formation of the contractile protein actomyosin. This stimulates uterine smooth muscle contractions. This agent also stimulates smooth muscles in the mammary glands, thereby causing lactation. 
it is a quarternary ammonium cation having one dodecyl and three methyl substituents around the central nitrogen. It has a role as a surfactant. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and a bromide salt. It contains a dodecyltrimethylammonium ion. 
it is a paramagnetic extracellular magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) contrast agent that facilitates visualization of abnormal vascularity. When placed in a magnetic field, it decreases T1 (spin-lattice or longitudinal relaxation time) and T2 (spin-spin or transverse relaxation time) values in tissues where it accumulates. At the recommended dose, the effect is primarily on T1 relaxation time, and produces an increase in signal intensity. it does not cross the intact blood-brain barrier. However, abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of it. (NCI05) 
it is a non-proteinogenc alpha-amino acid that is alanine in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl group has been replaced by a dihydroxy(oxido)-lambda(5)-phosphanyl group. It has a role as a metabotropic glutamate receptor antagonist and a human metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a member of phosphonic acids and an alanine derivative. 
it is a member of the class of acetamides that is the N-ethyl derivative of acetamide. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is an investigational therapeutic agent built to be a selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM). So far, it has been developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb for the symptomatic treatment of andropause. 
it is a fluorobenzoic acid carrying a fluoro substituent at position 4. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-fluorobenzoate. 
Scopolamine as a natural plant alkaloid that has potent anticholinergic effects and is used to treat mild to moderate nausea, motion sickness and allergic rhinitis. Scopolamine has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Scopolamine is a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
2,4,5-trichlorophenoxypropionic acid, isooctyl ester is a white solids. Primary hazard is to threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Burn, though may be difficult to ignite. Used as herbicides and plant growth regulators. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside having uracil as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a member of the class of tetrahydrothiophenes that is thiolane substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and an oxo group at position 3 respectively. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a metabolite. It is a member of tetrahydrothiophenes and a cyclic ketone. It derives from a hydride of a tetrahydrothiophene. 
it is an organic sodium salt comprising equal numbers of sodium and orotate ions. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It contains an orotate. 
it is the calcium salt of oxalic acid, which in excess in the urine may lead to formation of oxalate calculi (kidney stones). It contains an oxalate(2-). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an ether-like odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the three diphosphate OH groups of tuberculosinyl diphosphate. It is a conjugate base of a tuberculosinyl diphosphate. 
it is a phenylalanine derivative consisting of L-phenylalanine having a methyl substuent attached to the alpha-amino function. It is a L-phenylalanine derivative and a N-methyl-L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
(Â±)-it, also known as 4-methylene-L-proline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as proline and derivatives. Proline and derivatives are compounds containing proline or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of proline at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom (Â±)-it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (Â±)-it can be found in fruits. This makes (Â±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of ceftiofur, a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Ceftiofur binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an alpha-amino acid ester that is the methyl ester of histidine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid ester, a histidine derivative and a methyl ester. 
it is propiophenone substituted at the beta-carbon by an amino group. It is a primary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a propiophenone. 
2, 4-Dimethylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. 2, 4-Dimethylthiazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 4-Dimethylthiazole is a barley, beefy, and coffee tasting compound that can be found in tea. This makes 2, 4-dimethylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Beta-guanidino-L-alanine is a L-alanine derivative in which one of the methyl hydrogens of L-alanine has been replaced by a guanidino group. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. It is a L-alanine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of guanidines. 
it is a bile acid glycine conjugate derived from ursoodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a bile acid glycine conjugate and a N-acylglycine. It derives from an ursodeoxycholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
Zinc dichloride is a compound of zinc and chloride ions in the ratio 1:2. It exists in four crystalline forms, in each of which the Zn(2+) ions are trigonal planar coordinated to four chloride ions. It has a role as a Lewis acid, a disinfectant, an astringent and an EC 5.3.3.5 (cholestenol Delta-isomerase) inhibitor. It is an inorganic chloride and a zinc molecular entity. 
it, also known as 2-(4-guaiacyl)-ethanol or mhpe, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is the sulfate salt form of isoproterenol, a beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. Isoproterenol binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, thereby activating intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, improve mucociliary clearance and inhibit the release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells. 
it is a synthetic metallotexaphyrin with radiosensitizing and chemosensitizing properties. it accumulates in tumor cells preferentially due to their increased rates of metabolism, generating reactive oxygen species (ROS) intracellularly and lowering the tumor cell apoptotic threshold to ionizing radiation and chemotherapy. (NCI04) 
it appears as colorless, odorless crystals with an acid taste. Denser than water. (USCG, 1999) it is a tricarboxylic acid that is propane-1,2,3-tricarboxylic acid bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 2. It is an important metabolite in the pathway of all aerobic organisms. It has a role as a food acidity regulator, a chelator, an antimicrobial agent and a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a citrate(1-) and a citrate anion. it is a tricarboxylic acid found in citrus fruits. it is used as an excipient in pharmaceutical preparations due to its antioxidant properties. It maintains stability of active ingredients and is used as a preservative. It is also used as an acidulant to control pH and acts as an anticoagulant by chelating calcium in blood. 
C. i. acid green 5, also known as c. i. FOOD green 2 or c. i. 42095, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylbenzamines. These are aromatic compounds consisting of a benzyl group that is N-linked to a benzamine. C. i. acid green 5 exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, c. i. acid green 5 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
1-octadecanoyl-2-[(9Z,12Z)-octadecadienoyl]-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a phosphatidylcholine 36:2 in which the acyl groups positions 1 and 2 are specified as octadecanoyl and (9Z,12Z)-octadecadienoyl respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a linoleic acid and an octadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the lclass of pyrrolidin-2-ones that is pyrrolidin-2-one bearing a 3-(cyclopentyloxy)-4-methoxyphenyl substituent at the 4-position. It is a type IV-specific phosphodiesterase (PDE4) inhibitor. It has a role as an antidepressant and an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of carnosic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a carnosic acid. 
it is an optically active form of hamacanthin A having S-configuration. It is an antifungal drug isolated from deep water marine sponge Hamacantha sp. 
it is a sulfur hydride. It is a conjugate base of a disulfane. It is a conjugate acid of a disulfide(2-). 
it is an orally bioavailable indole derivative, with broad-spectrum antiviral and potential anti-inflammatory activities. Upon oral administration, it inhibits the fusion of the viral envelope with host cell membrane, thereby blocking the entry of virus into host cells and preventing viral infection and replication. it may also suppress the expression of the cytokines interleukin-1beta (IL-1b), IL-6, IL-12 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a) and promote the expression of IL-10. This may reduce inflammation. 
it is a member of the class of its that consists of 1,4-naphthoquinone having methyl and phytyl groups at positions 2 and 3 respectively. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a vitamin, a cofactor, a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. 
it is an anionic form of it arising from deprotonation of the two OH groups of the diphosphate moiety. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a hydrogen acceptor and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a NAD(+). 
it is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-methyl-2-(2H-1,2,3-triazol-2-yl)benzoic acid with the secondary amino group of 5-chloro-2-[(5R)-5-methyl-1,4-diazepan-1-yl]-1,3-benzoxazole. An orexin receptor antagonist used for the management of insomnia. It has a role as a central nervous system depressant and an orexin receptor antagonist. It is a member of 1,3-benzoxazoles, a member of triazoles, a diazepine, an aromatic amide and an organochlorine compound. 
4-[(1S,3aR,4S,6aR)-4-(1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)tetrahydrofuro[3,4-c]furan-1-yl]-2-methoxyphenol is a furofuran that is tetrahydro-1H,3H-furo[3,4-c]furan which is substituted at positions 1 and 4 by 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl and 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl groups, respectively (the 1S,3aR,4S,6aR stereoisomer). The biosynthetic precursor of (+)-sesamin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furofuran, a lignan, a member of benzodioxoles, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. 
it appears as yellow crystals that melt at 59Â°F to a yellow liquid. Often therefore encountered as a liquid. Flash point 223Â°F. Boiling point 450Â°F. Insoluble in water. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. it is a mononitrotoluene carrying a nitro group at position 3. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of HL, Melanoma, Glioblastoma, Mucosal Melanoma, and Ovarian Carcinoma, among others. it is an orally available hydroxyamidine and inhibitor of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO1), with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. it targets and binds to IDO1, an enzyme responsible for the oxidation of tryptophan into kynurenine. By inhibiting IDO1 and decreasing kynurenine in tumor cells, INCB024360 increases and restores the proliferation and activation of various immune cells, including dendritic cells (DCs), NK cells, and T-lymphocytes, as well as interferon (IFN) production, and a reduction in tumor-associated regulatory T cells (Tregs). Activation of the immune system, which is suppressed in many cancers, may inhibit the growth of IDO1-expressing tumor cells. IDO1 is overexpressed by a variety of tumor cell types and DCs. 
it is the nitrile oxide resulting from the oxidation of the nitrogen atom of acetonitrile. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
it is a butane-1,2-diol of R-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-butane-1,2-diol. It derives from a hydride of a butane. 
1, 3, 4, 5-Tetra-O-galloylquinic acid, also known as 1, 3, 4, 5-tetragqa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-galloylquinic acids and derivatives. O-galloylquinic acids and derivatives are compounds containing a galloic acid moiety, linked to one hydroxyl group of a quinic acid moiety. 1, 3, 4, 5-Tetra-O-galloylquinic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 3, 4, 5-tetra-O-galloylquinic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Neoplasms, Advanced Solid Tumor, and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia. it is a benzyl styryl sulfone analog, and a phosphate ester prodrug of ON 013100, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon hydrolysis, it is converted to ON 013100, which blocks cyclin D mRNA translation and decreases protein expression of cyclin D. This may induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in cancer cells overexpressing cyclin D and eventually decrease tumor cell proliferation. Cyclin D, a member of the cyclin family of cell cycle regulators, plays a key role in cell cycle division and is often overexpressed in a variety of hematologic and solid tumors and is correlated with poor prognosis. suppresses cyclin D1 accumulation in cancer cells. 
it, also known as IPu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the gamma carbon atom. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as fema 2351, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclohexyl butanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an apple, fruity, and pineapple taste. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is decahydroazuleno[6,5-b]furan-2,5-dione substituted by methyl groups at positions 4a and 8, a methylidene group at position 3 and an acetyloxy group at position 4. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Inula hupehensis. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a NF-kappaB inhibitor. It is a gamma-lactone, a cyclic ketone, an acetate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a sesquiterpene lactone. 
Daclatasvir hydrochloride is a hydrochloride obtained by combining daclatasvir with two molar equivalents of hydrochloric acid. It is a potent inhibitor of nonstructural protein 5A and is used for treatment of hepatitis C. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor. It contains a daclatasvir(2+). 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is a trianion arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid and phosphate groups of 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-6-phospho-D-gluconic acid. It is an organophosphate oxoanion, a carbohydrate acid derivative anion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-6-phospho-D-gluconic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzimidazoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to an imidazole ring (five member ring containing a nitrogen atom, 4 carbon atoms, and two double bonds). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
A quaternary skeletal muscle relaxant usually used in the form of its bromide, chloride, or iodide. It is a depolarizing relaxant, acting in about 30 seconds and with a duration of effect averaging three to five minutes. Succinylcholine is used in surgical, anesthetic, and other procedures in which a brief period of muscle relaxation is called for. 
it appears as a white powder of variable composition. (typically 45% ZnO, 34% B2O3 and 20% H2O). Slightly soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used as a fungus and mildew inhibitor, to fire proof textiles, and for other uses. 
it is a it, an enoate ester and an ethyl ester. It has a role as a keratolytic drug. it is a synthetic oral it that is a prodrug of acitretin. it activates it receptors, causing an induction of cell differentiation, inhibition of cell proliferation, and inhibition of tissue infiltration by inflammatory cells. it is no longer commercially available in the U.S. due to the extended potential for teratogenic effects related to its long half-life. (NCI04) 
This material has many uses, including as a precursor to the sulfur mustard family of chemical weapons. It is chemically similar to thioglycol and is expected to react in a similar way to this material. See the chemical datasheet for thioglycol for more information. it is a diol that is pentane-1,5-diol in which the methylene group at position 3 is replaced by a sulfur atom It has a role as an antioxidant, a solvent, a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a diol and an aliphatic sulfide. It derives from a mercaptoethanol. it is a hydrolysis product of mustard gas, an alkylating agent, with antineoplastic activity. 
it is an azobenzene in which the phenyl rings are 4-nitro- and 2,4-dihydroxy-substituted respectively. It is a member of resorcinols, a C-nitro compound and a member of azobenzenes. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Very toxic by ingestion. May be toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. Insoluble in water but reacts with water to produce a toxic vapor. Used to make other chemicals. 
3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-7, 8-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. 3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-7, 8-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a monohydroxypyridine that is picolinic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is used as a matrix in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) mass spectrometry for the analysis of oligonucleotides. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material. It is a monohydroxypyridine and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that consists of 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane bearing three carboxymethyl substituents at positions 1, 4 and 7 as well as a 2-hydroxypropyl group at position 10. It is a conjugate acid of a HP-DO3A(3-). It derives from a hydride of a 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane. 
it, wetted with not less than 10% water appears as a slurry or sludge of yellow crystals in water. Will burn, although may be difficult to ignite. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it is a clear colorless viscous liquid. (NTP, 1992) it is a polyether that consists of undecane in which the carbon atoms at positions 3, 6 and 9 are replaced by oxygen atoms. 
it is the chloride salt of ethidium (a fluorochrome), it intercalates within double-stranded nucleic acids, particularly DNA. In molecular biology, the bromide salt of ethidium is used to detect and visualize DNA after electrophoresis or in cytochemical preparations. In veterinary pharmacology, it is used as a trypanosomicide. Ethidium bromide and chloride are toxic substances and potent noncompetitive antagonists of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. (NCI04) 
N-[(5S)-5-amino-5-carboxypentanoyl]-L-cysteinyl-D-valine is a tripeptoid arising from cleavage of both rings of a penicillin derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-[(5S)-5-ammonio-5-carboxylatopentanoyl]-L-cysteinyl-D-valinate. 
A group of acylated oligopeptides produced by Actinomycetes that function as protease inhibitors. They have been known to inhibit to varying degrees trypsin, plasmin, KALLIKREINS, papain and the cathepsins. 
it, also known as Î±-camphorene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a diterpene, low, and solvent tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, herbs and spices, and lemon grass. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A complex of gadolinium with a chelating agent, diethylenetriamine penta-acetic acid (DTPA see PENTETIC ACID), that is given to enhance the image in cranial and spinal MRIs. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p706) 
it is the D-enantiomer of glyceraldehyde. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-glyceraldehyde. 
it is small peptide agonist of guanylate cyclase C receptors in the intestine and is used orally as treatment of chronic constipation and irritable bowel syndrome. it has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during treatment or to episodes of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a synthetic, fourteen amino acid peptide and agonist of intestinal guanylate cyclase type C (GC-C), which is structurally related to the guanylin peptide family, with secretagogue, analgesic and laxative activities. Upon oral administration, it binds to and activates GC-C receptors located on the luminal surface of the intestinal epithelium. This increases the concentration of intracellular cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP), which is derived from guanosine triphosphate (GTP). cGMP activates the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) and stimulates the secretion of chloride and bicarbonate into the intestinal lumen. This promotes sodium excretion into the lumen and results in increased intestinal fluid secretion. This ultimately accelerates GI transit of intestinal contents, improves bowel movement and relieves constipation. Increased extracellular cGMP levels may also exert an antinociceptive effect, through an as of yet not fully elucidated mechanism, that may involve modulation of nociceptors found on colonic afferent pain fibers. it is minimally absorbed from the GI tract. 
it is a lipophilic, non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is converted to two active metabolites, it diacid and 5-hydroxy it diacid, which competitively bind to and inhibit ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it, also known as ici 8173 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinoxalines. Quinoxalines are compounds containing a quinoxaline moiety, a bicyclic heterocycle made up of a benzene ring fused to a pyrazine ring. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzothiophenes that is raloxifene in which the piperidin-1-yl group has been replaced by a pyrrolidin-1-yl group. It has a role as an estrogen receptor antagonist, an estrogen receptor modulator and a bone density conservation agent. It is a member of 1-benzothiophenes, a member of phenols, an aromatic ketone and a N-alkylpyrrolidine. 
Nisentil is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt form of alphaprodine, a synthetic piperidine ester, with opioid analgesic activity. Alphaprodine mimics the actions of endogenous neuropeptides by binding to opioid receptors, thereby producing characteristic morphine-like effects via the mu-opioid receptor, including analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia, and physical dependence. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate having guanine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate, a guanyl deoxyribonucleotide and a deoxyguanosine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Zoledronic Acid is a synthetic imidazole bisphosphonate analog of pyrophosphate with anti-bone-resorption activity. A third-generation bisphosphonate, zoledronic acid binds to hydroxyapatite crystals in the bone matrix, slowing their dissolution and inhibiting the formation and aggregation of these crystals. This agent also inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, an enzyme involved in terpenoid biosynthesis. Inhibition of this enzyme prevents the biosynthesis of isoprenoid lipids, donor substrates of farnesylation and geranylgeranylation during the post-translational modification of small GTPase signalling proteins, which are important in the process of osteoclast turnover. Decreased bone turnover and stabilization of the bone matrix contribute to the analgesic effect of zoledronic acid with respect to painful osteoblastic lesions. The agent also reduces serum calcium concentrations associated with hypercalcemia. 
it is a cadinane sesquiterpenoid that is cadin-4-ene carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 10. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fungicide and a volatile oil component. It is a cadinane sesquiterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylate that is the conjugate base of xanthurenic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a xanthurenic acid. 
it is an erythro-3-methylmalic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a D-erythro-3-methylmalate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a L-erythro-3-methylmalic acid. 
it, also known as it or cerulignol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dihydroeugenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a sweet, allspice, and anise taste. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a N-acyl-beta-D-galactosylsphingosine having a sulfo group at the 3-position on the galactose ring and stearoyl as the N-acyl group. It has a role as an epitope. It is a N-acyl-beta-D-galactosylsphingosine and a galactosylceramide sulfate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as it or pyrazine, 3-ethyl-2-methoxy, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a bell, earthy, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages and potato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
L-it, also known as 6-deoxy-L-mannose or L-mannomethylose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. L-it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). L-it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as blood and urine. Within the cell, L-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a synthetic, dibenzamine alpha adrenergic antagonist with antihypertensive and vasodilatory properties. it non-selectively and irreversibly blocks the postsynaptic alpha-adrenergic receptor in smooth muscle, thereby preventing vasoconstriction, relieving vasospasms, and decreasing peripheral resistance. Reflex tachycardia may occur and may be enhanced by blockade of alpha-2 receptors which enhances norepinephrine release. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. 
A centrally acting muscarinic antagonist. Benactyzine has been used in the treatment of depression and is used in research to investigate the role of cholinergic systems on behavior. 
it, (e)- is a colorless liquid with a hydrocarbon odor. Usually in technical grade as a mixture of isomers. Used as a solvent, in organic synthesis, and as a polymerization inhibitor. 
it is an amidobenzoic acid consisting of anthranilic acid carrying an N-formyl group. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-formylanthranilate. 
Leucyl-phenylalanine, also known as leu-phe or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Leucyl-phenylalanine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Leucyl-phenylalanine has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, urine, and blood. 
5-[2-cyclopropyl-1-(2-fluorophenyl)-2-oxoethyl]-4,5,6,7-tetrahydrothieno[3,2-c]pyridin-2-yl acetate is a member of the class of thienopyridines that is 2-acetoxy-4,5,6,7-tetrahydrothieno[3,2-c]pyridine in which the amino hydrogen is replaced by a 2-cyclopropyl-1-(2-fluorophenyl)-2-oxoethyl group. It is an acetate ester, a member of cyclopropanes, a ketone, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and a thienopyridine. it is an orally bioavailable thienopyridine, with antiplatelet activity. Upon oral administration, the active metabolite of it targets and irreversibly binds to the platelet receptor for adenosine diphosphate (ADP), thereby blocking the binding of ADP to its receptor. This inhibits ADP-mediated activation of the glycoprotein complex GPIIb/IIIa, fibrinogen binding to platelets and platelet adhesion and aggregation. This results in increased bleeding time. 
it is a hydracid that is cyanic acid in which the oxygen is replaced by a sulfur atom. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a hydracid, a one-carbon compound and an organosulfur compound. It is a conjugate acid of a thiocyanate. It is a tautomer of an isoit. 
it appears as a clear colorless to light yellow liquid with a pungent odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. 
4-hydroxyacetanilide is an odorless white crystalline solid. Bitter taste. pH (saturated aqueous solution) about 6. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of phenols that is 4-aminophenol in which one of the hydrogens attached to the amino group has been replaced by an acetyl group. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 3 inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a human blood serum metabolite and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a member of phenols and a member of acetamides. It derives from a 4-aminophenol. it is a p-aminophenol derivative with analgesic and antipyretic activities. Although the exact mechanism through which it exert its effects has yet to be fully determined, it may inhibit the nitric oxide (NO) pathway mediated by a variety of neurotransmitter receptors including N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) and substance P, resulting in elevation of the pain threshold. The antipyretic activity may result from inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis and release in the central nervous system (CNS) and prostaglandin-mediated effects on the heat-regulating center in the anterior hypothalamus. 
it, [solid] is a yellow solid with a mild odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a nitroaniline carrying a nitro group at position 4. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a phenothiazine deriative in which the phenothiazine tricycle has a 3-(dimethylaminopropyl) group at the N-10 position. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug, an antiemetic and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amine. 
Methylcobalamin is an alkylcob(III)alamin and a member of cobalamins. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a cofactor and a human metabolite. 
it is the phosphate salt form of rucaparib, an orally bioavailable tricyclic indole and inhibitor of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerases (PARPs) 1 (PARP1), 2 (PARP2) and 3 (PARP3), with potential chemo/radiosensitizing and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, rucaparib selectively binds to PARP1, 2 and 3 and inhibits PARP-mediated DNA repair. This enhances the accumulation of DNA strand breaks, promotes genomic instability and induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. This may enhance the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents and reverse tumor cell resistance to chemotherapy and radiation therapy. PARPs are enzymes activated by single-strand DNA breaks that catalyze the post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins, which induces signaling and the recruitment of other proteins to repair damaged DNA. The PARP-mediated repair pathway plays a key role in DNA repair and is dysregulated in a variety of cancer cell types. 
it is a synthetic glucocorticoid resulting from the formal condensation of the 21-hydroxy group of prednisolone with one of the hydroxy groups of phosphoric acid. It is a prodrug for prednisolone that is activated in vivo by phosphatases. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, a prodrug and an antineoplastic agent. It is a steroid phosphate, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a glucocorticoid. It derives from a prednisolone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is the phosphate ester form of prednisolone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. As a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, prednisolone 21-phosphate binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors, and causes the ligand-receptor complex to be translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as various cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both potent mediators of inflammation. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cell populations. 
Polydeoxyribonucleotides made up of deoxyadenine nucleotides and thymine nucleotides. Present in DNA preparations isolated from crab species. Synthetic preparations have been used extensively in the study of DNA. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid consisting of 5-aminosalicylic acid (mesalazine) linked to 4-aminobenzoyl-beta-alanine via an azo bond. It has a role as a prodrug, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an anti-ulcer drug and a gastrointestinal drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it Disodium is the disodium salt form of it, an aminosalicylate and oral prodrug that is enzymatically cleaved in the colon to produce the anti-inflammatory agent mesalazine. Mesalazine acts locally on the mucosa of the colon where it diminishes inflammation by blocking the production of arachidonic acid metabolites, including leukotrienes, prostaglandins and hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids, and other inflammatory agents. it disodium is used to treat chronic inflammatory bowel disease. 
it is an imidazole compound having a 2,2-bis(phosphono)-2-hydroxyethane-1-yl substituent at the 1-position. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent. It is a member of imidazoles and a 1,1-bis(phosphonic acid). Anhydrous form of a synthetic imidazole third generation bisphosphonate analog of pyrophosphate with antiresorptive activity. it binds to hydroxyapatite crystals in the bone matrix and inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate (diphosphate) synthase, thereby preventing protein prenylation within the mevalonate pathway. This leads to the loss of downstream metabolites essential for osteoclast function, leading to the induction of apoptosis and eventually, osteoclast-cell death. By preventing osteoclast-mediated bone resorption, zoledronate decreases bone turnover and stabilizes the bone matrix. 
it is the reduced 1,5-dihydro form of flavin mononucleotide. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-) and a it(3-). 
it appears as yellow to brown or orange powder or flakes or a black solid. Insoluble in water and denser in water. Hence sinks in water. (NTP, 1992) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of LYMPHOMA and Solid Tumors. It is a synthetic triterpenoid and a highly potent activator of redox-sensitive signaling pathways that induce programmed cell death (apoptosis) in cancer cells that are under high levels of intrinsic oxidative stress. In contrast, it in normal cells induces protective antioxidant/anti-inflammatory responses. it is a synthetic triterpenoid compound with potential antineoplastic and anti-inflammatory activities. it blocks the synthesis of inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS) and inducible cyclooxygenase (COX-2), two enzymes involved in inflammation and carcinogenesis. This agent also inhibits the interleukin-1 (IL-1)-induced expression of the pro-inflammatory proteins matrix metalloproteinase-1 (MMP-1) and matrix metalloproteinase-13 (MMP-13) and the expression of Bcl-3; Bcl-3 is an IL-1-responsive gene that preferentially contributes to MMP-1 gene expression. 
it is an octadecenoic acid having a double bond at position 11; and which can occur in cis- or trans- configurations. It is an octadecenoic acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a vaccenate(1-). 
it is dianion of ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl phosphate arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl phosphate. 
it is a tetrachlorobiphenyl that is 1,3,5-trichlorobenzene in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a p-chlorophenyl group. It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl, a trichlorobenzene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a trichlorobiphenyl that is 1,4-dichlorobenzene in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a 3-chlorophenyl group. It is a trichlorobiphenyl, a dichlorobenzene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a medetomidine hydrochloride. It has a role as a sedative. It contains a dexmedetomidine. It is an enantiomer of a levomedetomidine hydrochloride. it is the hydrochloride salt form of dexmedetomidine, an imidazole derivate and active d-isomer of medetomidine with analgesic, anxiolytic and sedative activities. Dexmedetomidine selectively binds to and activates presynaptic alpha-2 adrenoceptors located in the brain, thereby inhibiting the release of norepinephrine from synaptic vesicles. This leads to an inhibition of postsynaptic activation of adrenoceptors, which inhibits sympathetic activity, thereby leading to analgesia, sedation and anxiolysis. 
it is a benzodiazepine derivative with antidepressant, sedative, hypnotic and anticonvulsant properties. it potentiates the inhibitory activities of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) by binding to the GABA receptor, located in the limbic, neocortical and mesencephalic reticular system. This increases the frequency of chloride channel opening events, allowing the flow of chloride ions into the neuron leading to membrane hyperpolarization and decreases neuronal excitability. 
Benzyl 2, 3-dimethyl-2-butenoate, also known as benzyl 2, 3-dimethylcrotonate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. Benzyl 2, 3-dimethyl-2-butenoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, benzyl 2, 3-dimethyl-2-butenoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Benzyl 2, 3-dimethyl-2-butenoate has a fruity, herbal, and spicy taste. 
it is a methoxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6 and 7 and a hydroxy group at position 4'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a methoxyflavanone, a monohydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a flavanone. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoquinolines and derivatives. These are aromatic polycyclic compounds containing an isoquinoline moiety, which consists of a benzene ring fused to a pyridine ring and forming benzo[c]pyridine. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a primary allylic alcohol that is 2-hexene in which a hydrogen at position 1 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an alkenyl alcohol and a primary allylic alcohol. 
Thiophene-2-acetyl chloride appears as a clear yellow to dark brown liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Corrosive to skin, and eyes. Vapors severely irritate respiratory tract. 
it is an experimental drug with reported effects against both Alzheimer's disease and ageing in mouse models of accelerated aging. It is a curcumin derivative and a potent neurogenic and neuroprotective drug candidate initially developed for the treatment of neurodegenerative conditions associated with aging that impacts many pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic neuropathy. 
it is a yellow liquid. Sharp penetrating odor in high concentrations. Sweet, aromatic odor when diluted. (NTP, 1992) it is an alpha-diketone that is hexane substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 3 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is the stable isotope of oxygen with relative atomic mass 16.999131. The least abundant (0.038 atom percent) isotope of naturally occurring oxygen. 
it is an O-acyl-L-carnitine in which the acyl group is specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl). It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an O-palmitoylcarnitine and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
Pentazocine is a synthetic opioid with both agonist and antagonist activity against opiate receptors which is used in oral and parenteral forms as an analgesic for moderate-to-severe pain. Pentazocine has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a homodetic cyclic decapeptide consisting of D-Phe, L-Pro, L-Phe, D-Phe, L-Asn, L-Gln, L-Tyr, L-Val, L-Orn, and L-Leu residues coupled in sequence and cyclised head-to-tail. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, a peptide antibiotic and a macrocycle. 
it is a potent and reversible inhibitor of the gastric H+/K+ ATPase proton pump with potassium-competitive acid blocking (P-CAB) activity. it binds very specifically, competitively and reversibly to the potassium binding site of the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting the pump's activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. 
it is a 28-mer RNA aptamer covalently linked to two branched 20-kD polyethylene glycol (PEG) chains, with anti-angiogenic activity. it binds and blocks the activity of the extracellular vascular endothelial growth factor, specifically the 165-amino acid isoform (VEGF165). This prevents VEGF165 from binding to VEGF receptors, thereby blocking angiogenesis as well as preventing VEGF165-induced increases in vessel permeability. VEGF165 is preferentially involved in pathological ocular neovascularisation. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms. it is a water-insoluble heterocyclic amide with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits topoisomerases I and II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair, and RNA and protein synthesis. The acetylated form of it is highly toxic and is capable of inducing unscheduled DNA synthesis; rapid acetylators are more likely to experience toxicity with this agent. 
5-Methoxy-8, 17-dioxatetracyclo[8. 7. 0. 0Â², â·. 0Â¹Â¹, Â¹â¶]heptadeca-2(7), 3, 5, 11(16), 12, 14-hexaene-13, 14-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pterocarpans. These are benzo-pyrano-furano-benzene compounds, containing the 6H-[1]benzofuro[3, 2-c]chromene skeleton. They are derivatives of isoflavonoids. 5-Methoxy-8, 17-dioxatetracyclo[8. 7. 0. 0Â², â·. 0Â¹Â¹, Â¹â¶]heptadeca-2(7), 3, 5, 11(16), 12, 14-hexaene-13, 14-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a synthetic antiparkinson tertiary amine structurally related to atropine, it acts as a central muscarinic antagonist and inhibits dopamine uptake. With antihistaminic and local anesthetic properties as well, it is indicated for symptomatic relief of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions. (NCI04) 
it is a resolvin that is docosa-4Z,9E,11E,13Z,15E,19Z-hexaenoic acid which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 7 and 8 positions as well as an oxo group at the 17-position (the 7S,8R-stereoisomer). It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diol, an oxo fatty acid, a resolvin, an enone, a secondary allylic alcohol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as animal starch or liver starch, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and myelin sheath. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from amylose; which is catalyzed by the enzyme 1, 4-alpha-glucan-branching enzyme. In addition, it can be biosynthesized from Alpha-D-glucose; which is catalyzed by the enzyme maltase-glucoamylase, intestinal. In humans, it is involved in the starch and sucrose metabolism pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the itosis, type iii. cori disease, debrancher itosis pathway, the itosis, type vi. hers disease pathway, sucrase-isomaltase deficiency, and the itosis, type iv. amylopectinosis, anderson disease pathway. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid that is behenic (docosanoic) acid substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a docosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxybehenate. 
it is a Paramagnetic Contrast Agent. The mechanism of action of it is as a Magnetic Resonance Contrast Activity. it is an injectable, intravascular, amphiphilic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) used with magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) imaging. it is a stable gadolinium diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (Gd-DTPA) chelate derivative with a diphenylcyclohexylphosphate group. Upon injection, it binds reversibly to endogenous serum albumin which increases its intravascular retention time compared to non-protein binding contrast agents. The serum albumin binding also increases T1-relaxivity of it. This produces an increase in signal intensity of blood, thereby enhancing the visualization of blood vessels upon MRA and may aid in the diagnosis of certain blood vessels and heart disorders. 
An alkaloid derived from the bark of the cinchona tree. It is used as an antimalarial drug, and is the active ingredient in extracts of the cinchona that have been used for that purpose since before 1633. Quinine is also a mild antipyretic and analgesic and has been used in common cold preparations for that purpose. It was used commonly and as a bitter and flavoring agent, and is still useful for the treatment of babesiosis. Quinine is also useful in some muscular disorders, especially nocturnal leg cramps and myotonia congenita, because of its direct effects on muscle membrane and sodium channels. The mechanisms of its antimalarial effects are not well understood. 
it is a derivative of vindoline lacking the 11-O-methyl and 17-O-acetyl substituents. It is a vinca alkaloid, a methyl ester, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a vindoline. It is a conjugate base of an itium(1+). 
it appears as yellow crystalline or chunky solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of acridines. It has a role as an intercalator. It contains a N-(2-chloroethyl)-N'-(6-chloro-2-methoxyacridin-9-yl)-N-ethylpropane-1,3-diamine. 
An anti-nematodal agent effective against the intestinal nematodes ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES (roundworm) and ENTEROBIUS VERMICULARIS (pinworm, threadworm). It produces a neuromuscular block leading to flaccid muscle paralysis in susceptible worms, which are then dislodged from the gut and expelled in feces. 
it is a white solid with a slight unpleasant odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a benzenedicarboxylic acid that is benzene substituted by carboxy groups at position 1 and 3. One of three possible isomers of benzenedicarboxylic acid, the others being phthalic and terephthalic acids. It is a conjugate acid of an isophthalate(1-). 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of amotosalen, a synthetic psoralen and light-activated DNA, RNA crosslinking agent, with protective activity against pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, protozoa, and leukocytes. Prior to administration amotosalen is added to plasma and platelets, then in vivo the agent penetrates pathogens and targets DNA and RNA. Upon activation by ultraviolet A light, this agent is able to form interstrand DNA and RNA crosslinks and prevents replication. Inactivation of leukocytes can prevent graft versus host disease upon transfusion. 
it is an organic heterobicyclic compound that is a fusion product between benzene and thiazole. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is ethene in which the hydrogens at position 1 have been replaced by p-tert-butylphenyl and cyano groups, while the hydrogens at position 2 have been replaced by pivaloyloxy and 1,3,4-trimethylpyrazol-5-yl groups (the E isomer). A proacaricide (by hydrolysis of the pivalate ester linkage to give the corresponding enol), it was formerly used for the control of mites in fruit, vegetables and tea. It has a role as a proacaricide and an agrochemical. It is a nitrile, a pivalate ester and a member of pyrazoles. 
Tropanyl 3,5-dimethylbenzoate is a tropane alkaloid that consists of tropine in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy function is substituted by a 3,5-dimethylbenzoyl group. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. It is a tropane alkaloid and a benzoate ester. It derives from a tropine. 
it is an isopimarane diterpenoid that is isopimarane in which the ethyl subtituent at position 13 has undergone formal dehydrogenation to the corresponding vinyl group, and in which the hydrogen at position 8 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has been found in the leaves of several plants, including Cryptomeria japonica and Isodon rubescens. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a volatile oil component and an antioxidant. It is an isopimarane diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Nickel ammonium sulfate is a green crystalline solid. Mildly toxic, carcinogenic. When heated to decomposition it emits highly toxic fumes of metallic nickel, oxides of sulfur, and oxides of nitrogen (Lewis, 3rd ed., 1993, p. 910). The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used for electroplating nickel. Ammonium nickel sulfate is a nickel coordination entity comprising ammonium, nickel and sulfate in which the ratio of ammonium to iron(2+) to sulfate ions is 2:1:2. It is an ammonium salt, a metal sulfate and a nickel coordination entity. It contains a nickel(2+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in fruits. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear, colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Very toxic by ingestion, and may also be toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. Vapors heavier than air. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is an isocyanate having a butyl group attached to the nitrogen. It has a role as an allergen. 
it (previously it) is a small molecule, next-generation corrector of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) protein. It received FDA approval in October 2019 in combination with [tezacaftor] and [ivacaftor] as the combination product TrikaftaTM. it is considered a next-generation CFTR corrector as it possesses both a different structure and mechanism as compared to first generation correctors like tezacaftor. While dual corrector/potentiator combination therapy has proven useful in the treatment of a subset of CF patients, their use is typically limited to patients who are homozygous for the F508del-CFTR gene. it, along with [VX-659], was designed to fill the need for an efficacious CF therapy for patients who are heterozygous for F508del-CFTR and a gene that does not produce protein or produces proteins unresponsive to ivacaftor or tezacaftor. The triple combination product TrikaftaTM, manufactured by Vertex Pharmaceuticals, is the first product approved for the treatment of CF in individuals who are either homo- or heterozygous for the F508del-CFTR  gene - this represents approximately 70-90% of all CF patients. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a faint fishlike odor. May burn though it may require some effort to ignite. Corrosive to tissue. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it is a primary aliphatic amine that consists of cyclopropane bearing a single amino substituent. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it is a prostanoid that is prostaglandin E2 in which the acyclic hydroxy group has been oxidised to the corresponding ketone, the methyl group has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acid and the 6-carboxyhexenyl group has been oxidatively cleaved to a 2-carboxyethyl group. It is the major urinary metabolite of prostaglandin E2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a prostanoid, a cyclic ketone, a diketone, a secondary alcohol and an oxo dicarboxylic acid. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow odorless syrupy liquid. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used to make cultured dairy products, as a food preservative, and to make chemicals. it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is propanoic acid in which one of the alpha-hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a lactate. it, DL- is the racemic isomer of it, the biologically active isoform in humans. it or lactate is produced during fermentation from pyruvate by lactate dehydrogenase. This reaction, in addition to producing it, also produces nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) that is then used in glycolysis to produce energy source adenosine triphosphate (ATP). 
it is a purine nucleoside in which adenine is attached to arabinofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a bacterial metabolite and a nucleoside antibiotic. It is a purine nucleoside and a beta-D-arabinoside. It derives from an adenine. it Anhydrous is an anhydrous form of it, a nucleoside analog with activity against herpes simplex virus and varicella zoster virus. it is converted to a monophosphate by viral thymidine kinase and is further modified to a triphosphate form by host enzymes. it triphosphate directly inhibits DNA polymerase and also acts as a chain terminator in DNA replication. 
it appears as a grayish-yellow to grayish-red, crystalline solid. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption. Combustion produces toxic oxides of nitrogen. Used to make other chemicals and in chemical and biological analysis. it is a member of the class of biphenyls that is 1,1'-biphenyl in which the hydrogen at the para-position of each phenyl group has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a member of biphenyls and a substituted aniline. it is a grayish-red, yellowish or white colored, very toxic, crystalline aromatic amine that darkens when exposed to air and light. it has been widely used for the detection of blood and as a reagent in the manufacture of dyes. Ingestion of it causes cyanosis, headache, mental confusion, nausea and vomiting. Its use is now limited because of strong association between exposure to it and an increased risk of bladder cancer in humans. (NCI05) 
it is a tan to white odorless solid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a cyclohexadienecarboxylic acid that is cyclohexa-1,5-diene-1-carboxylic acid carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 4 (the 3R,4R-stereoisomer). It is a cyclohexadienecarboxylic acid, a cyclohexadienediol and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (3R,4R)-3,4-dihydroxycyclohexa-1,5-diene-1-carboxylate. 
16beta-hydroxyestradiol is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 16. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a 16beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-hydroxy steroid and a member of phenols. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is N-methylsulfonyl-4-nitroaniline bearing an additional cyclohexyloxy substituent at position 2. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a sulfonamide, an aromatic ether and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitroaniline. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazoles. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member aromatic ring made up of one sulfur atom, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a green and nutty tasting compound that can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a cysteine derivative that is the S-(2-aminoethyl) analogue of L-cysteine; reported to have cytotoxic effects. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, a metabolite and an EC 5.4.3.2 (lysine 2,3-aminomutase) inhibitor. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-cysteine thioether. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of anagrelide. It has a role as an antifibrinolytic drug and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It contains an anagrelide. it is the hydrochloride salt of a synthetic quinazoline derivative, it reduces platelet production through a decrease in megakaryocyte maturation. Anagrelide inhibits cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase, as well as ADP- and collagen-induced platelet aggregation. At therapeutic doses, it does not influence white cell counts or coagulation parameters. Anagrelide is used for treatment of essential thrombocythemia to reduce elevated platelet counts and the risk of thrombosis. (NCI04) 
it appears as a clear straw-colored liquid with an aromatic odor. Insoluble in water and the same density as water. Vapors heavier than air. Moderately toxic by ingestion. A skin irritant. Used to make perfumes, flavorings and as a solvent. it is a monoit that is benzene substituted by a methoxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide in which the purine nucleobase is specified as guanidine. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a guanyl ribonucleotide and a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a cellular regulatory agent that acts as a second messenger. Its levels increase in response to a variety of signals (acetylcholine, insulin, oxytocin) and activates specific protein kinases. 
it, also known as a-L dipeptide or ala-leu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. 
Propionitrite appears as a colorless liquid with a sweet, ethereal odor. Highly toxic by inhalation and ingestion. A dangerous fire risk. Used as a solvent and as a dielectric fluid. 
Adenosylcobinamide is a cobalt-corrinoid hexaamide comprising cobinamide having an adenosyl group attached to cobalt. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a cobinamide. 
Poly(ethylene terephthalate)(1-) is an ionic polymer resulting from the deprotonation of the terminal carboxy groups of poly(ethylene terephthalate) polymer. It is a conjugate base of a poly(ethylene terephthalate) polymer. 
, also known as fema 3449, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. Thus, is considered to be an isoprenoid lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the cytoplasm. has a fruity taste. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and to make flavorings. it is an isopropyl ester. It derives from a propionic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of nicardipine, a synthetic derivative of nitrophenyl-pyridine and potent calcium channel blocker, Nicardipine (Nifedipine Family) blocks calcium ions from certain cell walls and inhibits contraction of coronary and peripheral arteries, resulting in lowered oxygen requirements for heart muscle and decreased arterial contraction and spasm. It is used clinically as a cerebral and coronary vasodilator. (NCI04) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis. it is the first and only dual-acting angiotensin and endothelin receptor antagonist (DARA) in development. 
it is the ammonium ion resulting from deprotonation of all three amino groups of bis(3-aminopropyl)amine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a bis(3-aminopropyl)amine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in flaxseed. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(2E)-3-(3-Methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid, also known as 3-methoxycinnamate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring (2E)-3-(3-Methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a menthone that is cyclohexanone substituted by a methyl and an isopropyl group at positions 5 and 2 respectively (the 2R,5S-stereoisomer). It is an enantiomer of a (-)-menthone. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of glutamine, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a glutamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, p-tert-butylcyclohexanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid isolated from plant species of the genus Taxus. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, an acetate ester and a benzoate ester. It derives from a hydride of a taxane. 
it is an amino acid ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-aminobenzoic acid with the hydroxy group of butan-1-ol. Its local anaesthetic properties have been used for surface anaesthesia of the skin and mucous membranes, and for relief of pain and itching associated with some anorectal disorders. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It is a benzoate ester, a substituted aniline, an amino acid ester and a primary amino compound. It derives from a 4-aminobenzoic acid and a butan-1-ol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a L-leucine derivative obtained by the substitution of a benzyloxycarbonyl group on the nitrogen atom. It is a carbamate ester and a L-leucine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-benzyloxycarbonyl-L-leucinate. 
it is a thiophenecarboxylic acid in which the carboxy group is located at position 2. It is a conjugate acid of a thiophene-2-carboxylate. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is oct-6-ene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and methyl groups at positions 3 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a lignan that is 2,3-dimethylbutane substituted by 2-methoxyphenol groups at positions 1 and 4 respectively. It has been isolated from the bark of Machilus robusta. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan and a member of guaiacols. 
it is a cholestanoid that is cholest-4-en-26-oic acid which is substituted at position 3 by an oxo group. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a member of dafachronic acids and a C27-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a Delta(4)-dafachronate. 
it, also known as S-phenyl-N-acetylcysteine or S-phenylmercaptate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
ite is an alpha-amino acid that is phenylalanine bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 4 on the phenyl ring. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid, a polar amino acid and an aromatic amino acid. It contains a 4-hydroxybenzyl group. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate base of a itium. It is a conjugate acid of a itate(1-). 
it is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. it inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood. it is a semisynthetic, water soluble aminoglycoside derived from sisomicin, a naturally occurring antibiotic produced by the fermentation of Micromonospora inyoensis. it irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, it induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it is a member of the class of propanals obtained by the reduction of the carboxylic group of lactic acid (2-hydroxypropanoic acid). It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a hydroxyaldehyde and a member of propanals. 
it is a cyclopentapyran that is 1,4a,5,6,7,7a-hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyran-4-carboxylic acid substituted at positions 1 and 7 by beta-D-glucosyloxy and methyl groups respectively (the 1S,4aS,7S,7aR-diatereomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a cyclopentapyran, a monoterpene glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative, an iridoid monoterpenoid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 7-deoxyloganetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-deoxyloganate. 
A dextrodisaccharide from malt and starch. It is used as a sweetening agent and fermentable intermediate in brewing. (Grant and Hackh's Chemical Dictionary, 5th ed) 
it is an cannabinoid that is cyclohexene which is substituted by a methyl group at position 1, a 2,6-dihydroxy-4-pentylphenyl group at position 3, and a prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of resorcinols, an olefinic compound and a phytocannabinoid. it is a phytocannabinoid derived from Cannabis species, which is devoid of psychoactive activity, with analgesic, anti-inflammatory, antineoplastic and chemopreventive activities. Upon administration, it (it) exerts its anti-proliferative, anti-angiogenic and pro-apoptotic activity through various mechanisms, which likely do not involve signaling by cannabinoid receptor 1 (CB1), CB2, or vanilloid receptor 1. it stimulates endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and inhibits AKT/mTOR signaling, thereby activating autophagy and promoting apoptosis. In addition, it enhances the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS), which further enhances apoptosis. This agent also upregulates the expression of intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (ICAM-1) and tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinases-1 (TIMP1) and decreases the expression of inhibitor of DNA binding 1 (ID-1). This inhibits cancer cell invasiveness and metastasis. it may also activate the transient receptor potential vanilloid type 2 (TRPV2), which may increase the uptake of various cytotoxic agents in cancer cells. The analgesic effect of it is mediated through the binding of this agent to and activation of CB1. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 2' and 4' and prenyl groups at positions 3 and 6. Isolated from Morus nigra, it exhibits antibacterial and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion that is the conjugate base of glutaric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion and a glutarate. It is a conjugate base of a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glutarate(2-). 
it, also known as panaxoside a or sanchinoside C1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ginsenoside A2 is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, ginsenoside A2 can be found in tea. This makes ginsenoside A2 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt that is the bromide salt of umeclidinium. Used in combination with vilanterol for long-term maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains an umeclidinium. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloalkanes. These are saturated monocyclic hydrocarbons (with or without side chains). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a characteristic odor. Denser (12.3 lb / gal) than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Nonflammable under most conditions, but burns under extreme conditions. May cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption or ingestion. Used as a solvent, to make other chemicals, as a fumigant. it is a one-carbon compound that is methane in which three of the hydrogens are replaced by chlorines. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic, a non-polar solvent, a carcinogenic agent, a central nervous system drug and a refrigerant. It is a one-carbon compound and a member of chloromethanes. it is a colorless, volatile, liquid derivative of it with an ether-like odor. Formerly used as an inhaled anesthetic during surgery, the primary use of it today is in industry, where it is used as a solvent and in the production of the refrigerant freon. Acute it toxicity results in impaired liver function, cardiac arrhythmia, nausea and central nervous system dysfunction. As a byproduct of water chlorination, it may be present in small amounts in chlorinated water. (NCI04) 
it is major species at pH 7.3. It is a member of sn-glycerol 3-phosphates, a sn-glycerophosphodiester(1-) and a zwitterion. It is an enantiomer of a it zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a it. 
it is a benzamide that is 4-aminobenzamide substituted on the amide N by a 2-(diethylamino)ethyl group. It is a pharmaceutical antiarrhythmic agent used for the medical treatment of cardiac arrhythmias. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker, an anti-arrhythmia drug and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Venous Thromboembolism and Acute Coronary Syndrome. it is an orally active, tetrahydropyrimidin-2(1H)-one derivative and inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. it does not affect bleeding time. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1-(2,6-dichlorophenyl)-1H-pyrazole which is substituted by a difluoromethyl group at position 3 and by a 2-(isobutyrylamino)-1,3-thiazol-5-yl group at position 5. It is a a potent cell-permeable inhibitor of LIM kinase 1 and 2. It has a role as a LIM kinase inhibitor. It is a member of pyrazoles, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a dichlorobenzene, an organofluorine compound and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a glycophytoceramide having a 4-O-(4-tert-butylbenzyl)-alpha-D-galactosyl residue at the O-1 position and a hexacosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. One of a series of an extensive set of 4\ 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzocycloheptenes. Dibenzocycloheptenes are compounds containing a dibenzocycloheptene moiety, which consists of two benzene rings connected by a cycloheptene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a fatty acid ester that is mevastatin carrying an additional methyl group on the carbobicyclic skeleton. It is used in as an anticholesteremic drug and has been found in fungal species such as Aspergillus terreus and Pleurotus ostreatus (oyster mushroom). It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite, a prodrug, an anticholesteremic drug and an antineoplastic agent. It is a polyketide, a statin (naturally occurring), a member of hexahydronaphthalenes, a delta-lactone and a fatty acid ester. It derives from a (S)-2-methylbutyric acid and a mevastatin. it is a lactone metabolite isolated from the fungus Aspergillus terreus with cholesterol-lowering and potential antineoplastic activities. it is hydrolyzed to the active beta-hydroxyacid form, which competitively inhibits 3-hydroxyl-3-methylgutarylcoenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, an enzyme involved in cholesterol biosynthesis. In addition, this agent may induce tumor cell apoptosis and inhibit tumor cell invasiveness, possibly by inhibiting protein farnesylation and protein geranylgeranylation, and may arrest cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. The latter effect sensitizes tumor cells to the cytotoxic effects of ionizing radiation. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a epsilon-lactone that is hexano-6-lactone substituted by a methyl group at position 3. It derives from a hexano-6-lactone. It derives from a hydride of an oxepane. 
Smilagenone, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Smilagenone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Smilagenone has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, smilagenone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, smilagenone can be found in root vegetables. This makes smilagenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Didecylmethyl amine appears as a clear slightly light yellow liquid with a fishlike odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
Tryptamine substituted with two hydroxyl groups in positions 5 and 7. It is a neurotoxic serotonin analog that destroys serotonergic neurons preferentially and is used in neuropharmacology as a tool. 
Octahydro-6-isopropyl-2(1H)-naphthalenone, also known as it or 6-isopropyl-2-decalone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. Octahydro-6-isopropyl-2(1H)-naphthalenone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, octahydro-6-isopropyl-2(1H)-naphthalenone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Octahydro-6-isopropyl-2(1H)-naphthalenone has a gardenia, grapefruit, and green taste. 
Taxol appears as needles (from aqueous methanol) or fine white powder. An anti-cancer drug. Paclitaxel is a compound extracted from the Pacific yew tree Taxus brevifolia with antineoplastic activity. Paclitaxel binds to tubulin and inhibits the disassembly of microtubules, thereby resulting in the inhibition of cell division. This agent also induces apoptosis by binding to and blocking the function of the apoptosis inhibitor protein Bcl-2 (B-cell Leukemia 2). (NCI04) 
it is the 1,5-dihydro derivative of coenzyme F420. It is a member of pyrimidoquinolines and a ribitol phosphate. It derives from a coenzyme gamma-F420-2. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 21-hydroxysteroids. These are steroids carrying a hydroxyl group at the 21-position of the steroid backbone. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a magnesium salt composed of Mg(2+) and ADP(2-) ions in a 1:1 ratio. it is a potassium channel activator. It has a role as a potassium channel opener. It contains an ADP(2-). It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a tricarboxylic acid consisting of LL-2,6-diaminopimelic acid having a succinoyl group attached to one of the nitrogens. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a LL-2,6-diaminopimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(3-carboxylatopropionyl)-LL-2,6-diaminopimelate(2-). 
Ultiva is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt form of remifentanil, a synthetic anilidopiperidine derivative and short-acting opiate agonist with analgesic and anesthetic properties. Remifentanil selectively binds to and activates the mu-opioid receptor, thereby producing analgesia, respiratory depression, miosis, reduced gastrointestinal motility, and euphoria. 
2-methoxyestrone 3-O-(beta-D-glucuronide) is a steroid glucosiduronic acid that is 2-methoxyestrone having a single beta-D-glucuronic acid residue attached at position 3. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, an aromatic ether and a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It derives from a 2-methoxyestrone. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methoxyestrone 3-O-(beta-D-glucuronide)(1-). 
1,2-di-O-myristoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine where the two phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as tetradecanoyl (myristoyl). It has a role as an antigen and a mouse metabolite. It is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine, a phosphatidylcholine 28:0 and a tetradecanoate ester. Dimyristoyl Lecithin is a myristoylated phosphatidylcholine, and a synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers with drug delivery property. 
The physiologically active form of vitamin D. It is formed primarily in the kidney by enzymatic hydroxylation of 25-hydroxycholecalciferol (CALCIFEDIOL). Its production is stimulated by low blood calcium levels and parathyroid hormone. Calcitriol increases intestinal absorption of calcium and phosphorus, and in concert with parathyroid hormone increases bone resorption. 
it is a 4-hydroxy steroid that is estrone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It has a role as an estrogen, a human urinary metabolite and a carcinogenic agent. It is a 4-hydroxy steroid, a 17-oxo steroid, a 3-hydroxy steroid and a catechol. It derives from an estrone. 
it is a pyridine having a 4-hydroxyaminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an allergen. It is a member of pyridines and a sulfonamide. It derives from a sulfanilamide. 
A histamine analog and H1 receptor agonist that serves as a vasodilator. It is used in MENIERE DISEASE and in vascular headaches but may exacerbate bronchial asthma and peptic ulcers. 
N-(5-{[(5-tert-butyl-1,3-oxazol-2-yl)methyl]sulfanyl}-1,3-thiazol-2-yl)piperidine-4-carboxamide is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of piperidine-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 5-{[(5-tert-butyl-1,3-oxazol-2-yl)methyl]sulfanyl}-1,3-thiazol-2-amine. It is an ATP-competitive inhibitor of CDK2, CDK7 and CDK9 kinases and exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor and an angiogenesis inhibitor. It is a piperidinecarboxamide, a member of 1,3-oxazoles, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, an organic sulfide and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is 7-methoxy-4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid substited at position 1 by a 1-hydroxy-3-methylbutan-2-yl group and at position 6 by a 3-chloro-2-fluorobenzyl group (the S-enantiomer). It is used in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV-1 infection. It has a role as a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, an organofluorine compound, an aromatic ether, a quinolone and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a modified quinolone antibiotic with activity against human immunodeficiency virus 1. it is an inhibitor of viral integrase and retains activity against integrase mutants that are resistant to Raltegravir. 
it is an optically active form of 4-hydroxytryptophan having L-configuration. It is a 4-hydroxytryptophan, a L-tryptophan derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it, also known as fema 3396 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, fruity, and metallic taste. 
Alfenta is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt of alfentanil, a synthetic short-acting opioid with analgesic and local anesthesia enhancing activity. Alfentanil primarily binds to mu-opioid receptor, a G-protein-coupled receptor, thereby mimicking the actions of morphine, the prototypical mu receptor agonist. This agent induces anti-nociception responses mediated through inhibiting the release of various neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline; in addition, the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagon are also inhibited. 
it is an aromatic ether having phenyl and 2-methylsulfonamido-5-nitrophenyl as the two aryl groups. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a C-nitro compound, a sulfonamide and an aromatic ether. It derives from a nitrobenzene. it is a nonsteroidal arylsulfonamide with anti-inflammatory properties. it inhibits the cyclooxygenase-mediated conversion of arachidonic acid to pro-inflammatory prostaglandins. Modestly selective for COX-2, this agent binds to the enzyme, thereby inactivating it. it may inhibit some carcinogenic COX-2-related carcinogenic effects on xenobiotic metabolism, apoptosis, immune surveillance and angiogenesis (overexpressed COX-2 in tumor epithelial cells enhances production of vascular growth factors and the formation of capillary-like networks). (NCI04) 
A starch found in the tubers and roots of many plants. Since it is hydrolyzable to fructose, it is classified as a fructosan. It has been used in physiologic investigation for determination of the rate of glomerular function. it is a naturally occurring, indigestible and non-absorbable oligosaccharide produced by certain plants with prebiotic and potential anticancer activity. it stimulates the growth of beneficial bacteria in the colon, including Bifidobacteria and Lactobacilli, thereby modulating the composition of microflora. This creates an environment that protects against pathogens, toxins and carcinogens, which can cause inflammation and cancer. In addition, fermentation of inulin leads to an increase in short-chain fatty acids and lactic acid production, thereby reducing colonic pH, which may further control pathogenic bacteria growth and may contribute to inulin's cancer protective properties. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-asparagine and glycine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine and a glycine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glucuronides. These are glucuronides in which the aglycone is linked to the carbohydrate unit through an O-glycosidic bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
A piperazine derivative, PHOSPHODIESTERASE 5 INHIBITOR and VASODILATOR AGENT that is used as a UROLOGICAL AGENT in the treatment of ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION. 
it is the D-enantiomer of glutamine. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and a glutamine. It is a conjugate base of a D-glutaminium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-glutaminate. It is an enantiomer of a L-glutamine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is 4a,5,6,7,8,8a-hexahydronaphthalen-1(4H)-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 5 and 8, a (2Z)-3-hydroxyprop-2-enoyl group at position 4, methyl groups at positions 4 and 7 and a 2R-octan-2-yl group at position 3 (the 4S,4aR,5S,7R,8R,8aS stereoisomer). It is isolated from the fermentation extracts of Sporormiella australis and exhibits antifungal activity by interfering with the fungal lipid metabolism. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 2.3.1.24 (sphingosine N-acyltransferase) inhibitor, a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It is an enol, an enone, a secondary alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-glutamic acid with the amino group of L-glutamine. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-glutamine. 
it is a 3-oxo fatty acid. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-oxododecanoate. 
it is a 3beta-sterol that is cholesterol carrying an oxo group at position 22. It has a role as an EC 1.14.15.6 cholesterol monooxygenase (side-chain-cleaving) inhibitor. It is a 3beta-sterol and a cholestanoid. 
it, also known as 2-(acetylamino)-benzoic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acylaminobenzoic acid and derivatives. These are derivatives of amino benzoic acid derivatives where the amine group is N-acylated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, methyl N-acetylanthranilate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a very mild, fruity, and powdery taste. 
it is the acetate salt form of Dexamethasone, a synthetic adrenal corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory properties. In addition to binding to specific nuclear steroid receptors, dexamethasone also interferes with NF-kB activation and apoptotic pathways. This agent lacks the salt-retaining properties of other related adrenal hormones. (NCI04) 
it is a stilbenoid that is trans-resveratrol substituted at position 3 by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a metabolite, a potassium channel modulator, an anti-arrhythmia drug, a hepatoprotective agent, an antioxidant and a nephroprotective agent. It is a stilbenoid, a polyphenol, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a trans-resveratrol. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is adipic acid bearing a single amino substituent at position 2. An intermediate in the formation of lysine. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite and a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-aminoadipate(2-). 
4, 8, 12, 15, 19-Docosapentaenoic acid, also known as clupadonic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as very long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains at least 22 carbon atoms. 4, 8, 12, 15, 19-Docosapentaenoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 4, 8, 12, 15, 19-Docosapentaenoic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 4, 8, 12, 15, 19-docosapentaenoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, 4, 8, 12, 15, 19-docosapentaenoic acid can be found in fats and oils and fishes. This makes 4, 8, 12, 15, 19-docosapentaenoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it (anhydrous) is the anhydrous form of the tripotassium salt of citric acid. It has a role as a diuretic. It contains a citrate(3-). it is the potassium salt form of citrate with alkalinizing property. Following absorption, it causes increased plasma bicarbonate concentration, thereby raising blood and urinary pH. A simultaneous decrease in calcium ion activity occurs as a result of increasing calcium complex formation with dissociated anions. Levels of urinary citrate are increased due to modification of the renal handling of citrate. By promoting excretion of free bicarbonate ion and by increasing urinary pH in addition to an increased ionization of uric acid to more soluble urate ions, this agent exerts the alkalizing and anti-urolithic effect. 
it is a carbohydrazide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 1-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-5-(4-iodophenyl)-4-methyl-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 1-aminopiperidine. An antagonist at the CB1 cannabinoid receptor. It has a role as a CB1 receptor antagonist, an apoptosis inducer, an antidepressant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of pyrazoles, a dichlorobenzene, an organoiodine compound, an amidopiperidine and a carbohydrazide. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 4-phosphate in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as stearoyl and arachidonoyl respectively. It derives from an octadecanoic acid and an arachidonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolidines that is (2R,4R)-N(1)-(p-chlorophenyl)-4-methoxypyrrolidine-1,2-dicarboxamide in which the nitrogen of the 2-carbamoyl group has been substituted by a 2-fluoro-4-(2-oxopyridin-1(2H)-yl)phenyl group. It is a synthetic organic anticoagulant compound that targets activated factor Xa in the coagulation cascade. It has a role as an anticoagulant, an EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor and a serine protease inhibitor. It is a pyridone, a secondary carboxamide, a member of ureas, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of pyrrolidines and a member of monofluorobenzenes. it is an orally active inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. it is no longer on the market. 
Isovitexin 2''-O-glucoside, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid c-glycosides. Flavonoid C-glycosides are compounds containing a carbohydrate moiety which is C-glycosidically linked to the 2-phenylchromen-4-one flavonoid backbone. Isovitexin 2''-O-glucoside is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, isovitexin 2''-O-glucoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, isovitexin 2''-O-glucoside can be found in cucumber, muskmelon, and tea. This makes isovitexin 2''-O-glucoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is n-Acetylneuraminic acid with beta configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from a beta-neuraminic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-beta-neuraminate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms. it is an orally bioavailable HDM2 antagonist with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the binding of the HDM2 protein to the transcriptional activation domain of the tumor suppressor protein p53. By preventing this HDM2-p53 interaction, the proteasome-mediated enzymatic degradation of p53 is inhibited, which may result in the restoration of p53 signaling and thus the p53-mediated induction of tumor cell apoptosis. HDM2 (human homolog of double minute 2), a zinc finger protein, is a negative regulator of the p53 pathway; often overexpressed in cancer cells, it has been implicated in cancer cell proliferation and survival. 
it is a member of the class of trioxolanes that is cyclopentane in which the carbon atoms at positions 1, 2 and 5 are replaced by oxygen atoms. 
it is a homomonocyclic compound composed of eight sulfur atoms. It has been isolated from Ganoderma lucidum, a mushroom commonly used in Chinese medicine. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It is an elemental sulfur and a homomonocyclic compound. 
it is a labdane diterpenoid isolated from the leaves and roots of it paniculata that exhibits anti-HIV, anti-inflammatory and antineoplastic properties. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory drug, an anti-HIV agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a gamma-lactone, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a labdane diterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. it is a labdane diterpenoid that is produced by the it paniculata plant, which has a broad range of therapeutic applications including anti-inflammatory and anti-platelet aggregation activities and potential antineoplastic properties. Since it has multiple therapeutic activities there are several proposed mechanisms of action for this agent. The anti-inflammatory effects of this agent appear to be related to the inhibition of nitric oxide (NO) production by macrophages. This agent may activate the NO/cyclic GMP pathway and inhibit both the phospholipase C gamma 2 (PLC gamma2)/protein kinase C (PKC) and PI3K/AKT-MAPK signaling pathways in activated platelets to inhibit platelet aggregation. In activated platelets, these three signaling pathways are downstream of integrin activation mediated by collagen binding and influence the association of fibrinogen with its receptors. Additionally, it may exert its anti-cancer activity through the induction of cell cycle arrest at G0/G1 phase and the stimulation of lymphocyte proliferation and activation. These processes could result in decreased proliferation of and increased immunocytotoxicity against tumor cells. 
it is an organic bromide salt having (1alpha,2beta,4beta,5alpha,7beta)-7-[(hydroxydi-2-thienylacetyl)oxy]-9,9-dimethyl-3-oxa-9-azoniatricyclo[3.3.1.0(2,4)]nonane as the counterion. Used (in the form of the hydrate) for maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent and a muscarinic antagonist. It is an organic bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. it is the bromide salt form of tiotropium, a quaternary ammonium derivative of atropine and a muscarinic receptor antagonist, with bronchodilating activity. Although it does not display selectivity for specific muscarinic receptors, on topical application, it acts mainly on M3 muscarinic receptors located on smooth muscle cells and submucosal glands, preventing smooth muscle contraction and mucus secretion, thus producing a bronchodilatory effect. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02658825 (A Study to Evaluate the Effect of JNJ-63623872 on Cardiac Repolarization Interval in Healthy Participants). it is an orally bioavailable non-nucleoside inhibitor of the polymerase basic protein 2 (PB2) subunit of the influenza A virus polymerase complex with potential antiviral activity. Upon administration, it occupies the 7-methyl GTP (m7GTP) binding site of PB2, thereby blocking the cap-snatching activity of the influenza polymerase complex and inhibiting the synthesis of viral mRNA. PB2 is one of three subunits that make up the influenza A viral polymerase complex, which is responsible for replication and transcription of the viral RNA (vRNA) genome in the nuclei of infected cells. 
it is an adipic acid derivative having a 2-hydroxy substituent. It derives from an adipic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is tetracycline which lacks the methyl substituent at position 7 and in which the hydrogen para- to the phenolic hydroxy group is substituted by chlorine. Like tetracycline, it is an antibiotic, but being excreted more slowly, effective blood levels are maintained for longer. It is used (mainly as the hydrochloride) for the treatment of Lyme disease, acne and bronchitis, as well as for hyponatraemia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. it is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum naphthacene antibiotic produced by the bacterium Streptomyces aureofaciens. it binds to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and prevents binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis. it also inhibits the effect of vasopressin on the renal tubules, thereby causing diuresis. 
2',3'-cyclic CMP is a 2',3'-cyclic pyrimidine nucleotide in which cytidine is the parent nucleoside. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2',3'-cyclic CMP(1-). it is a cyclic cytidine.it is formed during digestion of ribonucleic acid by ribonuclease. 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide that is N-[(3R)-3-hydroxy-13-methyltetradecanoyl]-L-alpha-glutamyl-L-leucyl-D-leucyl-L-valyl-L-alpha-aspartyl-D-leucyl-L-leucine in which the C-terminal carboxy group has been lactonised by condensation with the alcoholic hydroxy group. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent, an antiviral agent, a surfactant, a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a lipopeptide antibiotic and a macrocyclic lactone. 
it is an off-white crystalline solid with an offensive odor. Used as an insecticide and acaricide. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and a member of phthalimides. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a N-(hydroxymethyl)phthalimide. it is a synthetic trialkyl phosphate compound and organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as an off-white crystalline solid with an offensive odor, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a phytocannabinoid that is Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol in which the methyl group at C-11 has been hydroxylated. Major metabolite of Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol. 
it is the choline salt form of [theophylline]. Once in the body, theophylline is released and acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Its main physiological reponse is to dilate the bronchioles. As such, oxytriphylline is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD (i.e. all the same indications as the other theophyllines). It is marketed under the name Choledyl SA, and several forms of oxytriphylline have been discontinued. In the US, it is no longer available. it is the choline salt of theophylline with an anti-asthmatic property. it appears to inhibit phosphodiesterase and prostaglandin production, regulates calcium flux and intracellular calcium distribution, and antagonizes adenosine. Physiologically, this agent causes relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, produces vasodilation (except in cerebral vessels), stimulates cardiac muscle, as well as induces diuresis and gastric acid secretion. It may also suppress inflammation and improve contractility of the diaphragm. 
it is a long-chain fatty alcohol that is hexadecan-1-ol bearing a methyl substituent at position 15. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a fatty alcohol 17:0. 
it is a complex glycopeptide antibiotic that is isolated from Amycolatopsis orientalis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a glycopeptide and a disaccharide derivative. It derives from a vancomycin aglycone. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03010059 (A Study to Assess the Relative Bioavailability of JNJ64041575 Administered as 2 Different New Concept Formulations (Oral Suspension and Tablet) Compared to Their Respective Current Formulations, and to Assess the Effect of Food on the Pharmacokinetics of the 2 New Concept Formulations). 
it is a monoalkyl phosphate epitope having ethyl as the alkyl group. It has a role as an epitope and a phosphoantigen. It is a conjugate acid of an ethyl hydrogen phosphate(1-). 
it is the simplest member of the class of its, that is 3,4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran substituted by a phenyl group at position 4. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic that is 4,10-dimethyl-1-oxa-4-azacyclotridecane-2,5-dione substituted by a 4-(2-hydroxyethoxy)benzyl group at position 3 and a pentyl group at position 13 (the 3S,10R,13S stereoisomer). It is isolated from Penicillium sp.PF1163 and exhibits antifungal activity against the pathogenic fungal strain Candida albicans TIMM1768. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a lactam and an aromatic ether. 
Straw-colored liquid with a phenolic odor. (USCG, 1999) it is considered a marine pollutant by the US Department Of Transportation. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater. 
it appears as a clear liquid with a mild odor. Slightly less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Flash point 430Â°F. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. As a liquid, can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. Eye contact may produce severe irritation and direct skin contact may produce mild irritation. Used in the manufacture of a variety of plastics and coating products. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of 2,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid. 
it appears as a water-white liquid with an odor like moth balls. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by inhalation. Liquid contact may irritate skin and eyes. 
3-(3-Hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-1-(2, 4, 6-trihydroxyphenyl)propan-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxy-dihydrochalcones. These are organic compounds containing dihydrochalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. 3-(3-Hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-1-(2, 4, 6-trihydroxyphenyl)propan-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a sulfur hydride. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen sulfide. It is a conjugate acid of a sulfide(2-). 
it is an optically active form of 15-HETE having 15(S)-configuration.. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a 15(R)-HETE. 
it is an anthracycline antibiotic that is 13-deoxycarminomycin substituted at position 10 by a carboxy group. It is an aminoglycoside, an anthracycline antibiotic, a deoxy hexoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of p-quinones. It derives from a carminomycin. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a pyridazinone that is pyridazin-3(2H)-one which is substituted at position 6 by a 3,5-dichloro-4-methylphenyl group. A fugicide, it is used to treat rice sheath blight caused by Rhizoctonia solani. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene and a pyridazinone. 
it is a dicarboximide that consists of 1-oxoisoindoline bearing an amino substituent at position 4 and a 2,6-dioxopiperidin-3-yl group at position 2. Inhibits the secretion of TNF-alpha. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an immunomodulator. It is a member of isoindoles, a dicarboximide, a member of piperidones and an aromatic amine. it is a thalidomide analog with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits TNF-alpha production, stimulates T cells, reduces serum levels of the cytokines vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), and inhibits angiogenesis. This agent also promotes G1 cell cycle arrest and apoptosis of malignant cells. 
it is a benzenetriol that is phloroglucinol in which two of the ring hydrogens are replaced by acetyl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a diketone, an aromatic ketone, a methyl ketone and a benzenetriol. It derives from a phloroglucinol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
6alpha-[(R)-1-hydroxyethyl]-2-[(R)-tetrahydrofuran-2-yl]pen-2-em-3-carboxylic acid is a it. It is a conjugate acid of a 6alpha-[(R)-1-hydroxyethyl]-2-[(R)-tetrahydrofuran-2-yl]pen-2-em-3-carboxylate. it is a penem with a tetrahydrofuran substituent at position C2, with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity against many gram-positive and gram-negative aerobes and anaerobes. Compared with imipenem, it has improved chemical stability and reduced central nervous system effects. In addition, it is resistant to hydrolysis by many beta-lactamases. 
it is an arsenate ion resulting from the removal of two protons from arsenic acid. It is a conjugate base of an arsenate(1-). It is a conjugate acid of an arsenate(3-). 
it is an oxaspiro compound, a member of 1-benzofurans, a methyl ester and a cyclohexadiene. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. 
it is a glycosyloxyflavone that is scutellarein attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a glycosyloxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a scutellarein. 
it is a tertiary phosphine in which phosphane is substituted with three 2-carboxyethyl groups. It is a commonly used reducing agent. It has a role as a reducing agent. It is a tricarboxylic acid and a phosphine derivative. 
1, 3-Diphenylprop-2-en-1-one, also known as alpha-benzylideneacetophenone or beta-benzoylstyrene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 1, 3-Diphenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1, 3-Diphenylprop-2-en-1-one can be converted into 2', 3, 4, 4', 6'-pentahydroxychalcone. 
it is a first-in-class, synthetic, 13-amino acid peptide analogue of the endogenous alpha melanocyte-stimulating hormone (Î±-MSH). It differs structurally from its endogenous counterpart by only two amino acids - these structural differences improve biological efficacy by imparting a greater affinity for its target and a longer biological half-life. it is currently the only approved drug therapy used in the management of erythropoietic protoporphyria, having received approval in the EU in December 2014 and subsequent FDA approval in October 2019. Despite its relatively recent approval, it has been available for use as an orphan drug in both the US and EU since 2008. 
it is an amidobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid substituted by an acetoamido group at position 5 and a nitro group at position 2 respectively. It is an amidobenzoic acid and a C-nitro compound. 
N'-[(4-oxo-4H-chromen-3-yl)methylene]nicotinohydrazide is a carbohydrazide that is nicotinohydrazide in which the terminal nitrogen has undergone formal condensation with the aldehyde group of 4-oxo-4H-chromene-3-carbaldehyde. It is an inhibitor of it (Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription 5) protein. It has a role as a signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 protein inhibitor. It is a carbohydrazide, a member of chromones and a member of pyridines. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as guanidines. Guanidines are compounds containing a guanidine moiety, with the general structure (R1R2N)(R3R4N)C=N-R5. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in common bean, pulses, and soy bean. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a yeast cell-derived recombinant polypeptide related to the naturally occurring, leech-derived anticoagulant hirudin. it directly binds to and inactivates thrombin, producing dose-dependent increases in the activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) and prothrombin time (PT). The mechanism of action of this agent is independent of antithrombin III and is not inhibited by platelet factor 4. Natural hirudin, a family of highly homologous isopolypeptides, is produced in trace amounts by the leech Hirudo medicinalis. 
it, also known as 1, 3-dipropyltrisulfane or 4, 5, 6-trithianonane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic trisulfides. These are organosulfur compounds with the general formula RSSSR' (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a garlic, green, and onion tasting compound that can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a bioactive polypeptide of 39 amino acid residues isolated from the saliva of the Gila monster (Heloderma suspectum). High-affinity glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist (Kd = 136 pM); potently induces cAMP formation without stimulating amylase release in pancreatic acini; potentiates glucose-induced insulin secretion in isolated rat islets; protects against glutamate-induced neurotoxicity. A synthetic version is called exenatide. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, an incretin mimetic and a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist. Exenatide is a 39 amino acid peptide and synthetic version of it, a hormone found in the saliva of the venomous lizard Gila monster, with insulin secretagogue and antihyperglycemic activity. Exenatide is administered subcutaneously and mimics human glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1). Compared to GLP-1, exenatide has a longer half-life of 2.4 hours. 
4-[(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)azo]benzenesulfonic acid, also known as c. i. 14270 or c. i. acid orange 6, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as azobenzenes. These are organonitrogen aromatic compounds that contain a central azo group, where each nitrogen atom is conjugated to a benzene ring. 4-[(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)azo]benzenesulfonic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-[(2, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)azo]benzenesulfonic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Motexafin Gadolinium is a synthetic metallotexaphyrin with radiosensitizing and chemosensitizing properties. Motexafin gadolinium accumulates in tumor cells preferentially due to their increased rates of metabolism, generating reactive oxygen species (ROS) intracellularly and lowering the tumor cell apoptotic threshold to ionizing radiation and chemotherapy. (NCI04) 
it is loratadine in which the ethoxycarbonyl group attached to the piperidine ring is replaced by hydrogen. The major metabolite of loratidine, it is an antihistamine which is used for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions including rhinitis and chronic urticaria. It does not readily enter the central nervous system, so does not cause drowsiness. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent and a cholinergic antagonist. it is a long-acting piperidine derivate with selective H1 antihistaminergic and non-sedating properties. it diminishes the typical histaminergic effects on H1-receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, capillaries and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilation, bronchoconstriction, increased vascular permeability, pain, itching and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. it is used to provide symptomatic relieve of allergic symptoms. 
it is a drug approved in January 2017 by the FDA for the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC). It should not be used in children less than six years of age, and should be avoided in patients six years to 18 years of age 
it is a 5beta-cardenolide that is 5beta-cardanolide with hydroxy substituents at the 3beta- and 14beta-positions and double bond unsaturation at C(20)-C(22). It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a 14beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cardanolide. 
it is a twelve-membered macrolide antibiotic that is biosynthesised by Streptomyces venezuelae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an enone, a macrolide antibiotic and a monosaccharide derivative. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is the stable isotope of niobium with relative atomic mass 182.950225, 14.3 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 1/2. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a ketone that is 4-phenylbutan-2-one in which the phenyl ring is substituted at position 4 by a hydroxy group. It is found in a variety of fruits including raspberries, blackberries and cranberries, and is used in perfumery and cosmetics. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, a metabolite, a hepatoprotective agent, a cosmetic and an androgen antagonist. It is a member of phenols and a methyl ketone. 
it is a UDP-N-acetyl-D-mannosamine in which the anomeric centre of the pyranose fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
Clusters of yellow needles. Used as a rodenticide, medicine and rodenticide. Not registered as a rodenticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is a dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a mutagen and an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor. It derives from a folic acid. it is a synthetic derivative of pterins with antineoplastic and immunosuppressive properties. As a folate analogue, it competes for the folate binding site of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, thereby blocking tetrahydrofolate synthesis, and resulting in depletion of nucleotide precursors and inhibition of DNA, RNA and protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 162Â°F. Lachrymator, irritating to skin and eyes. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Density 10.2 lb / gal. Used in medicine and in the manufacture of other chemicals. 
it is a hydroxyflavan that is (2S)-flavan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It derives from a hydride of a (2S)-flavan. 
An intermediate in TESTOSTERONE biosynthesis, found in the TESTIS or the ADRENAL GLANDS. Androstenediol, derived from DEHYDROEPIANDROSTERONE by the reduction of the 17-keto group (17-HYDROXYSTEROID DEHYDROGENASES), is converted to TESTOSTERONE by the oxidation of the 3-beta hydroxyl group to a 3-keto group (3-HYDROXYSTEROID DEHYDROGENASES). 
it is the beta,gamma-unsaturated ketone resulting from the hydrolysis of the methyl enol ether group of thebaine. It is a key intermediate in the biosynthesis of codeine and morphine in the opium poppy, Papaver somniferum. It is a morphinane alkaloid and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. 
it is a it resulting from reduction of the endocyclic cyclohexene double bond. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a it that is biphenyl in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 3, and 4 on one of the benzene rings are replaced by chlorines. It is a it and a trichlorobenzene. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-alanyl and L-leucine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is an isothiocyanate that is phenyl isothiocyanate in which the hydrogen at the para- position has been replaced by a 4-nitroanilinyl group. It has a role as a schistosomicide drug. It is a C-nitro compound, an isothiocyanate and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a diphenylamine. 
N-amyl methyl ketone appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 126Â°F. Less dense than water and only slightly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Density 6.8 lb / gal. Used as a synthetic flavoring and in perfumes. it is a dialkyl ketone with methyl and pentyl as the alkyl groups. It has a role as a pheromone and a mouse metabolite. It is a dialkyl ketone and a methyl ketone. 
it is an odorless white to tan solid. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a chlorophenoxyacetic acid that is phenoxyacetic acid in which the ring hydrogens at postions 2 and 4 are substituted by chlorines. It has a role as a synthetic auxin, a defoliant, an agrochemical, an EC 1.1.1.25 (shikimate dehydrogenase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant and a phenoxy herbicide. It is a chlorophenoxyacetic acid and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate acid of a (2,4-dichlorophenoxy)acetate. 
it, also known as walrycin a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthols and derivatives. These are naphthalene derivatives carrying one or more hydroxyl (-OH) groups at any ring position. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in beverages, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 3-phosphoglyceroyl dihydrogen phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an acyl monophosphate and a 2,3-bisphosphoglyceric acid. It derives from a D-glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phosphonato-D-glyceroyl phosphate(4-). 
it is an N-acylamino acid consisting of 6-aminohexanoic acid bearing an N-(4-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)acetyl substituent. It is a N-acyl-amino acid and a member of 2-nitrophenols. It derives from a 6-aminohexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-[(4-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)acetamido]caproate. 
it is an oxaspiro compound that is (25R)-5alpha-spirostan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3 and 6 (the 2alpha,3beta,6beta stereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 2alpha-hydroxy steroid and an oxaspiro compound. It derives from a hydride of a (25R)-5alpha-spirostan. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 5beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14beta-hydroxy steroid, a 19-oxo steroid and a steroid aldehyde. It derives from a 5beta-bufanolide. 
it is a bile acid anion resulting from deprotonation of the carboxy group of beta-muricholic acid (i.e. the conjugate base of beta-muricholic acid). It is the major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a beta-muricholic acid. 
it appears as odorless white or almost white crystalline powder. Slightly bitter taste; pleasant aftertaste. (NTP, 1992) it is a sulfonamide in which the nitrogen of 4-sulfamoylbenzoic acid is substituted with two propyl groups. It has a role as a uricosuric drug. It is a sulfonamide and a member of benzoic acids. it is a benzoic acid derivative with antihyperuricemic property. it competitively inhibits the active reabsorption of urate at the proximal tubule in the kidney thereby increasing urinary excretion of uric acid and lowering serum urate concentrations. This prevents urate deposition and promotes resolution of existing urate deposits. In addition, it modulates the transport of organic acids and acidic drugs at the proximal and distal renal tubule, thereby increasing the drug serum concentration. 
Lactulose is a disaccharide (sugar) synthesized from fructose and galactose, Lactulose is used to treat constipation and some liver diseases. Nondigestible in mammals, lactulose passes unabsorbed down to the large intestine where resident bacteria consume it and produce lactic, acetic, and formic acids, which draw fluid into the bowel to soften the stool (laxative effect). Acidification of the colon contents attracts ammonia from the bloodstream, assisting stool excretion; helpful in liver failure when ammonia cannot be detoxified. (NCI04) 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid consisting of tridecanoic acid carrying a 12-methyl group. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a branched-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isomyristate. 
N-Acetylvaline, also known as acetyl-val, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. N-Acetylvaline is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). N-Acetylvaline has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04233216 (Doravirine/it (DOR/ISL) in Heavily Treatment-experienced (HTE) Participants for Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) Infection (itA-019)). 
2, 6-Dimethyl-1, 4-benzenediol, also known as 2, 6-dimethyl-p-benzohydroquinone or 2, 6-xylohydroquinone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroquinones. Hydroquinones are compounds containing a hydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring with a hydroxyl groups at positions 1 and 4. 2, 6-Dimethyl-1, 4-benzenediol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethyl-1, 4-benzenediol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 6-dimethyl-1, 4-benzenediol can be found in common pea and pulses. This makes 2, 6-dimethyl-1, 4-benzenediol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an indane derivative in which the indane skeleton is substituted by geminal methyl groups at C-1, by single methyl groups at C-2 and C-6, by an isopropyl group at C-3 and by an acetyl group at C-6. It is a constituent of musk odorant. It has a role as an odorant receptor agonist and a fragrance. It is a member of indanes, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a nucleotide conjugate that is used in combination with ledipasvir (under the trade name Harvoni) for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C genotype 1 infection. It has a role as a prodrug, an antiviral drug and a hepatitis C protease inhibitor. It is a L-alanyl ester, a phosphoramidate ester, a nucleotide conjugate, an organofluorine compound and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a uridine 5'-monophosphate. it is an orally available nucleotide prodrug and a hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5B polymerase inhibitor with potential HCV inhibiting activity. Upon oral administration, sofosbuvir is metabolized to 2'-deoxy-2'-alpha-fluoro-beta-C-methyluridine-5'-monophosphate, which is then converted into the active triphosphate nucleotide that inhibits the NS5B polymerase, thereby preventing viral replication. The HCV NS5B protein, an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, is essential for the replication of the viral HCV RNA genome. 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is phenol substituted by a sulfo group at C-3. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a phenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 4-methylpelargonic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. it has a chicken, lamb, and meaty taste. 
it is a branched amino pentasaccharide consisting of the linear sequence beta-D-Gal-(1->3)-beta-D-GalNAc-(1->4)-beta-D-Gal-(1->4)-beta-D-Glc having a Neu5Ac residue attached to the inner galactose via an alpha-(2->3) linkage. The oligosaccharide of ganglioside GM1. It has a role as an epitope. 
it is a dimethylbenzimidazole carrying methyl substituents at positions 5 and 6. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. 
PAP is a glycol that is a derivative of glycerol in which one of the hydroxy groups is replaced by an anilino group. It is a glycol and a secondary amine. It derives from an aniline and a glycerol. 
it appears as white powder or white chunky solid. Slight odor. pH (5% aqueous solution at 77Â°F) 5.5-6.5. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a sulfonamide that is sulfanilamide substituted at the sulfonamide nitrogen by a 4-carboxyphenyl group. It has a role as an allergen. It is a sulfonamide and a member of benzoic acids. It derives from a sulfanilamide. 
Antimycin a is a solid. Specific uses for Antimycin A were not found. it,and Antimycin A3 are reported as antibiotics produced by Streptomyces for use as a fungicide and possibly as an insecticide and miticide. Registered only as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it, anhydrous is a yellow to brick red crystalline mass or fused solid with an odor of rotten eggs. If exposed to moist air it is liable to spontaneous heating and may cause ignition of nearby combustible material. It absorbs moisture from the air. 
it is an anthrafuran that is 2,3-dihydroanthra[2,3-b]furan-5,10-dione substituted at positions 2, 4, 6 and 8 by hydroxy groups and at position 3 by a 2-acetoxyethyl group. An intermediate in the biosynthesis of aflatoxin. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an anthrafuran, a lactol, a polyphenol, an acetate ester and a palmitoyl amino acid. 
it is a benzamide obtained via formal condensation of 4-acetamidobenzoic acid and 2-(diethylamino)ethylamine. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a member of benzamides and a member of acetamides. 
it is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid that is the 7-O-glucuronide of (2R)-eriodictyol. Isolated from the flowers of Chrysanthemum indicum, it exhibits inhibitory activity for rat lens aldose reductase. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid and a 3'-hydroxyflavonoid. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-methionine and L-proline residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-methionine and a L-proline. 
it is a 3-oxo-5alpha- steroid that is 5alpha-cholestane substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. 
it is a barbiturate, the structure of which is that of barbituric acid in which the oxygen at C-2 is replaced by sulfur. It has a role as a reagent and an allergen. 
it is a hydroxykynurenamine where the hydroxy group is located at the 5-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 5-hydroxykynurenaminium(1+). 
it is a synthetic triepoxide alkylating agent with potential antineoplastic activity. it alkylates DNA via actual or derived epoxide groups, resulting in inhibition of DNA synthesis. This agent has been shown to exhibit a broad spectrum of antineoplastic activity against experimental tumors, including those resistant to other alkylating agents. 
2, 4, 6-Trithiaheptane, also known as tris(methylthio)methane or trithiomethoxymethane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dithioacetals. Dithioacetals are compounds containing a dithioacetal functional group with the general structure R2C(SR')2. 2, 4, 6-Trithiaheptane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4, 6-trithiaheptane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 4, 6-Trithiaheptane has a cooked, roasted, and sulfurous taste. 
Chlorprothixene, also known as chlothixen, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thioxanthenes. These are organic polycyclic compounds containing a thioxanthene moiety, which is an aromatic tricycle derived from xanthene by replacing the oxygen atom with a sulfur atom. Chlorprothixene is a drug which is used for treatment of psychotic disorders (e. g. schizophrenia) and of acute mania occuring as part of bipolar disorders. Chlorprothixene exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Chlorprothixene has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, chlorprothixene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Chlorprothixene can be converted into (Z)-chlorprothixene. Chlorprothixene is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a pimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-2-amino-6-oxopimelate. 
it is an aminoquinoline that is 4-[(2,4-dichloro-5-methoxyphenyl)amino]-7-[3-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)propoxy]quinoline bearing additional cyano and methoxy substituents at positions 3 and 6 respectively. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It is a nitrile, a N-methylpiperazine, an aromatic ether, a tertiary amino compound, an aminoquinoline and a dichlorobenzene. it is a synthetic quinolone derivative and dual kinase inhibitor that targets both Abl and Src kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. Unlike imatinib, it inhibits the autophosphorylation of both Abl and Src kinases, resulting in inhibition of cell growth and apoptosis. Because of the dual mechanism of action, this agent may have activity in resistant CML disease, other myeloid malignancies and solid tumors. Abl kinase is upregulated in the presence of the abnormal Bcr-abl fusion protein which is commonly associated with chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). Overexpression of specific Src kinases is also associated with the imatinib-resistant CML phenotype. 
it is a white liquid with an odor of ammonia. (USCG, 1999) it is a primary aliphatic amine that is butane in which one hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by an amino group. A fumigant fungicide with a high potential for bioaccumulation, it is not approved for fungicidal use in the European Union. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a primary aliphatic amine and an aliphatic nitrogen antifungal agent. 
it is a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid that is siolated from the poisonous mushroom Clitocybe amoenolens. It has a role as a NMDA receptor agonist, a fungal metabolite and a neurotoxin. It is a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid, a tricarboxylic acid and a pyridone. It derives from a L-proline. 
7-O-(beta-D-glucosyl)isovitexin is a C-glycosyl compound that is isovitexin in which the hydroxyl hydrogen at position 7 is replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound, a dihydroxyflavone, a glycosyloxyflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from an isovitexin. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is a mycotoxic indole alkaloid produced by several fungi. A potent and specific inhibitor of the breast cancer resistance protein multidrug transporter. It has a role as a mycotoxin and a breast cancer resistance protein inhibitor. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an aromatic ether. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01953965 (Look at Way the Heart Functions in People With Pulmonary Hypertension (PH) Who Have Near Normal Right Ventricle (RV) Function and People With Pulmonary Hypertension Who Have Impaired RV Function. Using Imaging Studies PET Scan and Cardiac MRI.). 
it is a monohydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and a methoxy group at position 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antidiarrhoeal drug and an antineoplastic agent. It is a monohydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
Sarmoxicillin is an amoxicillin prodrug and the methoxymethyl ester of hetamoxicillin with antibacterial activity. Sarmoxicillin is hydrolyzed in vivo by esterases to its active metabolite amoxicillin. Amoxicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
A fungal metabolite isolated from cultures of Aspergillus terreus. The compound is a potent anticholesteremic agent. It inhibits 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (HYDROXYMETHYLGLUTARYL COA REDUCTASES), which is the rate-limiting enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis. It also stimulates the production of low-density lipoprotein receptors in the liver. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid trianion obtained by deprotonation of the three carboxy groups of (2R,3E)-5-oxopent-3-ene-1,2,5-tricarboxylic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a (2R,3E)-5-oxopent-3-ene-1,2,5-tricarboxylic acid. 
it is a member of the class of 4-pyridones that is pyridin-4(1H)-one substituted at positions 1 and 2 by methyl groups and at position 3 by a hydroxy group. A lipid-soluble iron-chelator used for treatment of thalassaemia. It has a role as an iron chelator and a protective agent. it is an orally bioavailable bidentate ligand with iron chelating activity. it binds to iron in a 3:1 (ligand:iron) molar ratio. By binding to iron, it is able to remove excess iron from the body. 
it is an aromatic ether that is the derivative of 2-phenylethylamine with methoxy substituents at the 3- and 4-positions. It is an alkaloid isolated from the Cactaceae family. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an allergen. It is a phenylethylamine, an aromatic ether and an alkaloid. It derives from a hydride of a 2-phenylethylamine. 
it is a thiol that is glycerol in which one of the primary hydroxy groups is replaced by a thiol group. It has a role as a vulnerary and a reducing agent. It is a thiol and a member of propane-1,2-diols. 
Ethylenediaminediacetic acid is an ethylenediamine derivative in which two of the four amine protons of ethylenediamine are replaced by carboxymethyl groups. It has a role as a chelator and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is an ethylenediamine derivative, a glycine derivative, a polyamino carboxylic acid and an amino dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an ethylenediaminediacetate(1-). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is cyclopropanecarboxylic acid substituted by methyl groups at positions 1 and 2 and a 3,5-dichlorophenylcarbamoyl group at position 2. It is an anilide, a dichlorobenzene, a member of cyclopropanes and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as butoxyacetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acids. Carboxylic acids are compounds containing a carboxylic acid group with the formula -C(=O)OH. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the class of 8,8'-bicoumarins resulting from the formal oxidative dimerisation of 4,7-dimethoxy-5-methyl-2H-chromen-2-one (the S-(+) enantiomer). A fungal metabolite, its isolation from Aspergillus clavatus was first reported in 1971. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an orlandin. 
it is a benzofuran-derived stilbenoid that is a homotrimer obtained by cyclotrimerisation of resveratrol. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant, a serotonergic antagonist, an apoptosis inducer, an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a polyphenol and a stilbenoid. It derives from a trans-resveratrol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as withanolides and derivatives. These are c28 steroids structurally characterized by an ergostane skeleton usually functionalized at carbons 1, 22 and 26 to form a lactone ring. Thus, it is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an ethanolamine derivative with antihistaminic property. it blocks H1 histamine receptors, thereby inhibiting phospholipase A2 and production of endothelium-derived relaxing factor, nitric oxide. Subsequent lack of activation of guanylyl cyclase through nitric oxide results in decreased cyclic GMP levels, thereby inhibiting smooth muscle constriction of various tissues, decreasing capillary permeability and decreasing other histamine-activated allergic reactions. 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-beta-carboline substituted at position 3 by a carboxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a rat metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a beta-carboline alkaloid, an aromatic amino acid and an alpha-amino acid. 
it is a C20-gibberellin, initially identified in Lupinus luteus, that is gibberellin A12 in which extra hydroxy substituents are present at the 2beta- and 7alpha-positions. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a C20-gibberellin and a dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a gibberellin A12. 
it is a C32 phosphomycoketide in which all five stereocentres have S-configuration. It derives from a C32 mycoketide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an organic chloride salt having 3,7-bis(dimethylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium as the counterion. A commonly used dye that also exhibits antioxidant, antimalarial, antidepressant and cardioprotective properties. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor, an acid-base indicator, a fluorochrome, an antidepressant, a cardioprotective agent, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a histological dye, an EC 4.6.1.2 (guanylate cyclase) inhibitor, an antioxidant, an antimicrobial agent, a neuroprotective agent, a physical tracer and an antimalarial. It contains a 3,7-bis(dimethylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium. it is a synthetic basic dye. it stains to negatively charged cell components like nucleic acids; when administered in the lymphatic bed of a tumor during oncologic surgery, it may stain lymph nodes draining from the tumor, thereby aiding in the visual localization of tumor sentinel lymph nodes. When administered intravenously in low doses, this agent may convert methemoglobin to hemoglobin. 
N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enimidic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enimidic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a selective endothelin ETA receptor antagonist. It is being evaluated as a treatment for congestive heart failure and hypertension. 
it is a homodetic cyclic tetrapeptide constructed from L-phenylalanyl (x2), D-pipecolinyl and L-2-amino-8-oxo-9,10-epoxydecanoyl residues. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a fungal metabolite. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, an epoxide and a ketone. 
A 37-amino acid residue peptide isolated from the scorpion Leiurus quinquestriatus hebraeus. It is a neurotoxin that inhibits calcium activated potassium channels. 
it is an organosulfonate oxoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from the sulfonic acid group of metamizole. It is a conjugate base of a metamizole. 
it is a medium-chain oxo-fatty acid that is the 9-oxo derivative of nonanoic acid. It has a role as an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor. It is an aldehydic acid, an omega-oxo fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It derives from a nonanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 9-oxononanoate. 
it is an organosulfinic acid that is methane in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a sulfino group. It is a conjugate acid of a methanesulfinate. 
it is a member of the class of imidazolones that is 3,5-dihydroimidazol-4-one substituted at position 2 by a methylthiogroup, at position 3 by an anilino group and at position 5 by phenyl and methyl groups (the S-enantiomer). A fungicide effective against Oomycete diseases such as downy mildew and certain leaf spot diseases. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor, an antifungal agrochemical and a quinone outside inhibitor. It is an imidazolone, a carbohydrazide, an organic sulfide and an imidazole fungicide. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is used (as its tosylate monohydrate) for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. It has a role as an anticoagulant, an EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a chloropyridine, a thiazolopyridine and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is an orally active inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. it is administered as it tosylate. This agent has an elimination half-life of 9-11 hours and undergoes renal excretion. 
Adriamycin hydrochloride appears as orange-red thin needles. Aqueous solutions yellow-orange at acid pHs, orange-red at neutral pHs, and violet blue over pH 9. (NTP, 1992) Epirubicin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of the 4'-epi-isomer of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. Epirubicin intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also produces toxic free-radical intermediates and interacts with cell membrane lipids causing lipid peroxidation. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a piperacillin(1-). it is the sodium salt of piperacillin, a broad-spectrum semisynthetic, ampicillin-derived ureidopenicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Piperacillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), enzymes located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, resulting in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and cell lysis. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. 
it is a tertiary amino compound that is N-ethyl-N-methylethanamine substituted by a 4-[(methylsulfonyl)amino]phenoxy and a 4-[(methylsulfonyl)amino]phenyl group at the terminal carbon atoms respectively. It is used as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug and a potassium channel blocker. It is a sulfonamide, an aromatic ether and a tertiary amino compound. it is a sulfonamide class III antiarrhythmic agent and potassium channel blocker. it selectively blocks cardiac ion channels of the rapid component of the delayed rectifier potassium current Ikr. This antiarrhythmic agent prolongs cardiac action potential duration and effective refractory period due to delayed repolarization without affecting conduction velocity. This results in a normal sinus rhythm. it is used in the treatment of atrial fibrillation and flutter. 
Alpha-D-glucose 1-phosphate is a D-glucopyranose 1-phosphate in which the anomeric centre has alpha-configuration. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-glucose 1-phosphate(2-). 
Atropine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of atropine, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. Atropine functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) Hyoscyamine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
it is a tetracyclic meroterpenoid that is isolated from Aspergillus terreus. It has a role as a toxin and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a meroterpenoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a terpene lactone, a cyclic terpene ketone, a methyl ester, an enone, an enol and a sesterterpenoid. 
it, also known as fema 2198, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isobutyl 2-furanpropionate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, floral, and fruity taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a ketal that is a rare marine toxin structurally related to okadaic acid. Found yearly along with okadaic acid in Portuguese shellfish, its presence has been correlated with the occurrence of Dinophysis acta. It has a role as a toxin and an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor. It derives from an okadaic acid. 
it is the organophosphate oxoanion that is the anion formed from (S)-2-hydroxypropylphosphonic acid by loss of a single proton from the phosphate group; the major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-2-hydroxypropylphosphonic acid. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is isoflavanone carrying two hydroxy substituents located at positions 4' and 7. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a clear colorless to cloudy white viscous liquid. (NTP, 1992) it is the mono(2-ethylhexyl) ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a 2-ethylhexan-1-ol. It is a conjugate acid of a mono(2-ethylhexyl) phthalate(1-). 
it is the pyranose form of it. It has a role as a toxin. It is a it and a primary amino compound. It derives from a D-galactopyranose. It is a conjugate base of a 2-ammonio-2-deoxy-D-galactopyranose. 
it is an acetate ester that is phenyl acetate substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2 and 6 respectively. It is a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a phenyl acetate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-[4-fluoro-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]butyric acid with the amino group of benzylamine. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, an aromatic ether, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It derives from a benzylamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3'-prenylated isoflavanones. These are isoflavanones featuring a C5-isoprenoid unit at the 3'-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pigeon pea and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an orally bioavailable bis-dioxopiperazine and a derivative of the chelating agent ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA) with antineoplastic, antiangiogenic, and antimetastatic activities. it specifically inhibits the enzyme topoisomerase II without inducing DNA strand breaks, which may result in the inhibition of DNA synthesis and cell division in the premitotic and early mitotic phases of the cell cycle. This agent may also exhibit antiangiogenic and antimetastatic activities although the precise molecular mechanisms of these actions are unknown. 
Telbivudine is a nucleoside analogue and antiviral inhibitor of hepatitis B virus (HBV) replication which is used alone and in combination with other agents in the therapy of the hepatitis B. Telbivudine does not appear to be a significant cause of drug induced liver injury, but can be associated with flares of the underlying hepatitis B either during therapy or upon withdrawal. 
it is a member of morpholines, an anthracycline antibiotic, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a doxorubicin. it is a morpholinyl analogue of the anthracycline doxorubicin with antineoplastic activity. it is metabolized via the P450 CYP3A enzyme to a highly cytotoxic derivative. Unlike most anthracyclines, it is a topoisomerase I inhibitor and appears to exert its effect through the nucleotide excision repair (NER) system. In addition, this agent does not show cross-resistance with other anthracyclines. 
it is an aldehyde that is thiophene substituted by a formyl group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aldehyde and a member of thiophenes. It derives from a hydride of a thiophene. 
it is a derivative of the alkaloid ellipticine isolated from species of the plant family Apocynaceae, including Bleekeria vitensis, a plant with anti-cancer properties. As a topoisomerase II inhibitor and intercalating agent, it stabilizes the cleavable complex of topoisomerase II and induces DNA breakages, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and RNA and protein synthesis. 
Etretinate is a medication used to treat severe psoriasis. It is a synthetic aromatic retinoid. The mechanism of action of etretinate is still incompletely understood although, like retinoic acid, it is thought to interfere with the terminal differentiation of keratinocytes. It is thought to bind to the retinoic acid receptors. Etretinate is also believed to enhance the binding of cAMP to the regulatory RI subunit of cAMP dependent protein kinases. Etretinate was taken off the market in Canada in 1996 and America in 1998 due to the risk of birth defects. Etretinate is now used to treat T-cell lymphomas. It also appears to inhibit NADH oxidase activity. 
it, also known as Î’-patchoulene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as polycyclic hydrocarbons. These are polycyclic organic compounds made up only of carbon and hydrogen atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydrochloride salt form of tromantadine, a cyclic amine with activity against herpes simplex virus. Tromantadine inhibits absorption of virions to cell surfaces, as well as penetration and uncoating of the virus. 
it is a substituted aniline that is sulfanilamide in which on of the hydrogens of the sulfonamide group has been replaced by a 5-methylpyrimidin-2-yl group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a sulfonamide antibiotic, a substituted aniline and a member of pyrimidines. 
it is a beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. it selectively binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, thereby activating intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, improve mucociliary clearance and reduce mediator substance release from inflammatory cells, especially from mast cells. 
it is an oral, selective, reversible, small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor of both ErbB-2 (Her-2/neu) and EGFR. Over-expression of ErbB-2 and EGFR receptors in tumors is predictive of poor prognosis in cancer patients. it has shown significant anti-tumor activity in preclinical models of human breast, lung, and epidermal carcinoma tumors. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the epidermal growth factor receptor family with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively and reversibly binds to both EGFR (ErbB-1) and Her-2/neu (ErbB-2) and prevents their phosphorylation and activation, which may result in inhibition of the associated signal transduction pathways, inhibition of cellular proliferation and cell death. EGFR and Her-2 play important roles in cell proliferation and differentiation and are upregulated in various human tumor cell types. Due to the dual inhibition of both EGFR and Her-2, this agent may be therapeutically more effective than agents that inhibit EGFR or Her-2 alone. 
it is the sulfate salt form of polymyxin B, a mixture of the polypeptides polymyxins B1 and B2, both obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains, with antimicrobial activity. Polymyxin B exerts its antimicrobial effect through its cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Specifically, this antibiotic binds to the negatively charged site in the lipopolysaccharide layer of the bacterial cell membrane via electrostatic affinity with the positively charged amino groups in the cyclic peptide portion. Subsequently, the fatty acid portion of polymyxin B dissolves in the hydrophobic region of the bacterial cell membrane. This results in an alteration in cell membrane structure, disruption of cell wall integrity and an increase in permeability for water and molecules. This will eventually lead to bacterial cell death. 
2-{[hydroxy(3-methoxyphenyl)methylidene]amino}acetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hippuric acids. Hippuric acids are compounds containing hippuric acid, which consists of a of a benzoyl group linked to the N-terminal of a glycine. 2-{[hydroxy(3-methoxyphenyl)methylidene]amino}acetic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Protein encoded by the bcl-1 gene which plays a critical role in regulating the cell cycle. Overexpression of it is the result of bcl-1 rearrangement, a t(11;14) translocation, and is implicated in various neoplasms. 
it is an odorless white to slightly yellow crystalline powder. A diuretic drug. Almost tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is a chlorobenzoic acid that is 4-chlorobenzoic acid substituted by a (furan-2-ylmethyl)amino and a sulfamoyl group at position 2 and 5 respectively. It is a diuretic used in the treatment of congestive heart failure. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a loop diuretic. It is a sulfonamide, a chlorobenzoic acid and a member of furans. it is a sulfamoylanthranilic acid derivative, also known as it, and potent loop diuretic. it is widely used to treat hypertension and edema. This agent is highly bound to albumin and is largely excreted unchanged in the urine. 
it is an aminobenzenesulfonate that is the conjugate base of 4-aminobenzenesulfonic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 4-aminobenzenesulfonic acid. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone that is nordazepam in which the phenyl substituent has been replaced by a 1H-pyrrol-2-yl group. It inhibits gene expression in HIV-1 at the transcriptional level through interference with Tat-mediated transactivation. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an anti-HIV-1 agent, a RUNX1 inhibitor and a HIV-1 Tat inhibitor. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone, an organochlorine compound and a member of pyrroles. 
it is a 4-(1-hydroxy-2-{[4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)butan-2-yl]amino}ethyl)phenol in which both stereocentres have R configuration. It is the most active of the four diastereoisomers that make up the animal feed additive ractopamine. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and an animal growth promotant. It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. 
A group of antibiotic aminoglycosides differing only in the number of repeating residues in the peptide side chain. They are produced by Streptomyces and Actinomyces and may have broad spectrum antimicrobial and some antiviral properties. 
it is conjugate acid of S-adenosylmethioninamine arising from protonation of the primary amino group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a sulfonium compound and an ammonium ion derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a S-adenosylmethioninamine. 
it is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a mevaldate. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as psoralens. These are organic compounds containing a psoralen moiety, which consists of a furan fused to a chromenone to for 7H-furo[3, 2-g]chromen-7-one. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, chalepin acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, chalepin acetate can be found in herbs and spices. This makes chalepin acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of resolvins that is (6E,8E,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 4, 5 and 17 (the 4S,5R,17S-stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a resolvin, a secondary allylic alcohol, a triol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
Oxalic acid dibutyl ester, also known as it or dibutyl ester OF oxalic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. Oxalic acid dibutyl ester exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, oxalic acid dibutyl ester is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, oxalic acid dibutyl ester can be found in nuts and tea. This makes oxalic acid dibutyl ester a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a gamma-amino acid having a gamma-vinyl GABA structure. It is an irreversible inhibitor of gamma-aminobutyric 664 acid transaminase It has a role as an anticonvulsant and an EC 2.6.1.19 (4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate transaminase) inhibitor. 
it is a methoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7, 8, 2' and 5'. It derives from a flavone. 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by a 2-(2-methoxyethoxy)ethoxy group. It is a dioxolane, an ortho ester and a diether. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
2, 4-Dipropylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. 2, 4-Dipropylthiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4-dipropylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine and a member of pyridines. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a miotic, an ophthalmology drug and an antipsychotic agent. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 2,3-dimethylphenyl group. Although classed as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, its anti-inflammatory properties are considered to be minor. It is used to relieve mild to moderate pain, including headaches, dental pain, osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as an analgesic, an antirheumatic drug, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antipyretic, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a secondary amino compound. it is an anthranilic acid and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic activities. it inhibits the activity of the enzymes cyclo-oxygenase I and II, resulting in a decreased formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes. The resulting decrease in prostaglandin synthesis, by prostaglandin synthase, is responsible for the therapeutic effects of it. it also causes a decrease in the formation of thromboxane A2 synthesis, by thromboxane synthase, thereby inhibiting platelet aggregation. 
it is a sedoheptulose derivative and a ketoheptose phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a sedoheptulose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a C-glycosyl compound consisting of a beta-glucosyl residue having a (4-chloro-3-{4-[(3S)-tetrahydrofuran-3-yloxy]benzyl}phenyl group at the anomeric centre. A sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitor used as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. It has a role as a sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2 inhibitor and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a C-glycosyl compound, an aromatic ether, a tetrahydrofuryl ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is an orally available competitive inhibitor of sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2; SLC5A2) with antihyperglycemic activity. Upon oral administration, it selectively and potently inhibits SGLT2 in the kidneys, thereby suppressing the reabsorption of glucose in the proximal tubule. Inhibition of SGLT2 increases urinary glucose excretion by the kidneys, resulting in a reduction of plasma glucose levels in an insulin-independent manner. SGLT2, a transport protein exclusively expressed in the proximal renal tubules, mediates approximately 90% of renal glucose reabsorption from tubular fluid. 
it is the (S)-(-)-enantiomer of bupivacaine. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, an adrenergic antagonist, an amphiphile, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an EC 3.6.3.8 (Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a dextrobupivacaine. 
it is a phosphorothioate antisense oligonucleotide. Targeted to the initiation codon region of the bcl-2 mRNA, it inhibits bcl-2 mRNA translation, resulting in decreased expression of the bcl-2 protein, an apoptotic inhibitor expressed in some types of cancer and linked to tumor drug resistance. This agent may enhance the efficacy of standard cytotoxic chemotherapy. (NCI04) it is the sodium salt of a phosphorothioate antisense oligonucleotide targeted to the initiation codon region of mRNA for the anti-apoptotic gene Bcl-2. it inhibits Bcl-2 mRNA translation, which may result in decreased expression of the Bcl-2 protein and tumor cell apoptosis. This agent may enhance the efficacy of standard cytotoxic chemotherapy. The anti-apoptotic bcl-2 protein is an integral outer mitochondrial membrane protein (OMMP) that is overexpressed in some cancer cell types and is linked to tumor drug resistance. 
it is a carbamate ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 2-isopropylphenol. 
Etorphine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside compound having 5-trifluoromethyluracil as the nucleobase. An antiviral drug used mainly in the treatment of primary keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis. It has a role as an antiviral drug, an antimetabolite, an EC 2.1.1.45 (thymidylate synthase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a nucleoside analogue, an organofluorine compound and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside. it is a fluorinated thymidine analog with potential antineoplastic activity. it is incorporated into DNA and inhibits thymidylate synthase, resulting in inhibition of DNA synthesis, inhibition of protein synthesis, and apoptosis. This agent also exhibits antiviral activity. (NCI04) 
it is a phenylethanoloamine having 4-hydroxy and 3-formamido substituents on the phenyl ring and an N-(4-methoxyphenyl)propan-2-yl substituent. It is a member of phenols, a member of formamides, a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and a member of phenylethanolamines. it Fumarate is the fumarate salt form of formoterol, a long-acting and selective sympathomimetic beta-receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. it fumarate binds beta 2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle and stimulates intracellular adenyl cyclase, thereby increasing the production of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, improve mucociliary clearance and reduce mediator substance release in inflammatory cells, especially from mast cells. (NCI05) it is a long-acting beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. it selectively binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, thereby activating intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, improve mucociliary clearance and reduce mediator substance release from inflammatory cells, especially from mast cells. 
Acetaminophen O-beta-D-glucosiduronic acid is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid that is the O-glucuronide of paracetamol (acetaminophen). It has a role as a drug metabolite. It derives from a paracetamol and a beta-D-glucuronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an acetaminophen O-beta-D-glucosiduronate. 
it, also known as N-phenyl-succinamic acid or succinanilate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anilides. These are organic heterocyclic compounds derived from oxoacids RkE(=O)l(OH)m (l not 0) by replacing an OH group by the NHPh group or derivative formed by ring substitution. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 4-anilino-4-oxobutanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as germacrane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids having the germacrane skeleton, with a structure characterized by a cyclodecane ring substituted with an isopropyl and two methyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
<strong>Polybrominated biphenyls (PBBs)</strong> are manufactured chemicals. They are added to the plastics used to make products like computer monitors, televisions, textiles, plastic foams, etc. to make them difficult to burn. PBBs can leave these plastics and find their way into the environment. PBBs are usually colorless to off-white solids. PBBs are mixtures of brominated biphenyl compounds known as congeners. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid substituted at position 2 by a 2-(4-chlorophenyl)-1,3-benzoxazol-5-yl group (the S-enantiomer). Although it was shown to be effective in treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis, the clinical use of it was discontinued due to possible hepatotoxic side-effects. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a hepatotoxic agent, a protein kinase C agonist and an antirheumatic drug. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of 1,3-benzoxazoles and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a propionic acid. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, second-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
1-methyl-pyrazole-5-carboxylic acid is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is N-methylpyrazole substituted by a carboxy group substituents at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of pyrazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a N-methylpyrazole. 
Lpa(18:0/0:0), also known as lpa(18:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphates. These are lysophosphatidic acids where the glycerol is esterified with a fatty acid at O-1 position. Lpa(18:0/0:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Lpa(18:0/0:0) has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, lpa(18:0/0:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and intracellular membrane. Lpa(18:0/0:0) exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Lpa(18:0/0:0) participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Lpa(18:0/0:0) can be biosynthesized from stearoyl-CoA and glycerol 3-phosphate; which is mediated by the enzyme glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase. Furthermore, Lpa(18:0/0:0) and palmityl-CoA can be converted into PA(18:0/16:0) through its interaction with the enzyme 1-acyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase epsilon. Furthermore, Lpa(18:0/0:0) can be biosynthesized from stearoyl-CoA and glycerol 3-phosphate through the action of the enzyme glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase. Furthermore, Lpa(18:0/0:0) and palmityl-CoA can be converted into PA(18:0/16:0); which is mediated by the enzyme 1-acyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase epsilon. Furthermore, Lpa(18:0/0:0) can be biosynthesized from stearoyl-CoA and glycerol 3-phosphate through its interaction with the enzyme glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase. Finally, Lpa(18:0/0:0) and palmityl-CoA can be converted into PA(18:0/16:0) through its interaction with the enzyme 1-acyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase epsilon. In humans, lpa(18:0/0:0) is involved in cardiolipin biosynthesis CL(18:0/18:0/18:1(11Z)/22:5(7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z, 19Z)) pathway, cardiolipin biosynthesis CL(18:0/16:1(9Z)/18:1(11Z)/16:1(9Z)) pathway, cardiolipin biosynthesis CL(18:0/18:0/16:1(9Z)/22:5(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z)) pathway, and cardiolipin biosynthesis CL(18:0/18:0/18:1(9Z)/22:5(7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z, 19Z)) pathway. Lpa(18:0/0:0) is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(18:0/20:4(5Z, 8Z, 11Z, 14Z)/22:5(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z)) pathway, de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(18:0/20:4(5Z, 8Z, 11Z, 14Z)/20:5(5Z, 8Z, 11Z, 14Z, 17Z)) pathway, de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(18:0/18:2(9Z, 12Z)/18:4(6Z, 9Z, 12Z, 15Z)) pathway, and de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(18:0/20:0/20:3(5Z, 8Z, 11Z)) pathway. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranones and derivatives. Pyranones and derivatives are compounds containing a pyran ring which bears a ketone. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in barley and cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a tryptamine compound having an acetyl substituent attached to the side-chain amino function. It is a member of acetamides and a member of indoles. It derives from a tryptamine. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-thiazole bearing 2-cyclopentylidenehydrazino and 4-chlorophenyl substituents at positions 2 and 4 respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.48 (histone acetyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a hydrazone and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a derivative of vitexin having a alpha-L-rhamnosyl residue attached at the 2''-position of the glucitol moiety and a methyl group attached at the O-7 position of the chromene. It is a dihydroxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone, a disaccharide derivative and a C-glycosyl compound. It derives from a vitexin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a bile acid anion that is the conjugate base of 7-oxolithocholic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 7-oxolithocholic acid. 
it is a member of the class of amino-nitrotoluenes that is 2,4-diaminotoluene bearing a nitro substituent at position 6. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
Carboxyspermidine is the L-alpha-amino acid that is spermidine (1,5,10-triazadecane) carboxylated with S-configuration at the 2-position. It is a conjugate base of a carboxyspermidine(2+). It derives from a hydride of a spermidine. 
it is a primary alcohol that is pentan-1-ol bearing an additional methyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and an alkyl alcohol. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Raynaud's Disease, Diabetic Nephropathies, Hypertension, Pulmonary, and Peripheral Vascular Disease. 
This liquid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide in a water slurry. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-histidine residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-histidine. 
it is a fluoroalkanoic acid that is perfluorinated decanoic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a decanoic acid. 
it is an ammonium betaine that is the conjugate base of 3-dehydrocarnitinium; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-dehydrocarnitinium. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is coumarin substituted by an isocyano group at position 3 and hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 7. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an iron chelator. It is an isocyanide and a hydroxycoumarin. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is perazine substituted by a ethylsulfanyl group at position 2. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug, a histamine antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist and an antiemetic. It is a member of phenothiazines and a N-methylpiperazine. It derives from a perazine. it is a piperazine phenothiazine derivative and a dopamine antagonist used as antiemetic. it blocks postsynaptic dopamine 2 (D2) receptors in the medullary chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ), thereby decreasing stimulation of the vomiting center in the brain. Peripherally, it blocks the vagus nerve in the gastrointestinal tract. In addition, this agent also shows antagonistic activities mediated through muscarinic receptors, H1-receptors, and alpha(1)-receptors. 
it is a it(3-) in which the anomeric centre of the pyranose fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate base of an UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-muramic acid. 
it is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and an organosulfur compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a 2-(ethylsulfanyl)ethanethiol. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other (Â±)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
Guanosine 5'-[beta,gamma-methylene]triphosphate is a nucleoside triphosphate analogue that is guanosine substituted at position 5' by a (beta,gamma-methylene)triphosphate group. It is a conjugate acid of a guanosine 5'-[beta,gamma-methylene]triphosphate(4-). 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2' ,4, 4', and 6' respectively. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-allergic agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a polyphenol and a member of chalcones. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
6, 7-Dihydro-2, 5-dimethyl-5H-cyclopentapyrazine, also known as 2, 5-dimethyl-6, 7-dihydro-(5h)-cyclopentapyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 6, 7-Dihydro-2, 5-dimethyl-5H-cyclopentapyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 6, 7-dihydro-2, 5-dimethyl-5H-cyclopentapyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 6, 7-Dihydro-2, 5-dimethyl-5H-cyclopentapyrazine is a burnt, earthy, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products, cocoa and cocoa products, coffee and coffee products, and nuts. This makes 6, 7-dihydro-2, 5-dimethyl-5H-cyclopentapyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 2-O-sulfolactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-2-O-sulfonatolactate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-2-O-sulfolactic acid. 
it is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a glucocorticoid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-pregnane. 
it is the methyl ester of cloransulam. An inhibitor of acetohydroxyacid synthase (AHAS), it prevents the synthesis of amino acids in plants and is used as a herbicide for the control of post-emergence control of broad-leaved weeds in soybeans. It is not approved for use within the European Area. It has a role as a herbicide, an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It is a methyl ester, a sulfonamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an organofluorine compound and a member of triazolopyrimidines. It derives from a cloransulam. 
it is an amidobenzoic acid consisting of anthranilic acid carrying an N-acetyl group. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetylanthranilate. 
An anionic compound that is used as a reagent for determination of potassium, ammonium, rubidium, and cesium ions. It also uncouples oxidative phosphorylation and forms complexes with biological materials, and is used in biological assays. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is 4-ethylphenol in which the hydroxy group has been replaced by a sulfooxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite, a uremic toxin and a gut flora metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of benzenes. It derives from a 4-ethylphenol. It is a tautomer of a it(1-). 
Aspirin-triggered protectin D1 is a dihydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that is (4Z,7Z,11E,13E,15Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid in which the two hydroxy substituents are located at positions 10 and 17 (the 10R,17R-stereoisomer). It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, a neuroprotective agent and a specialised pro-resolving mediator. It is a dihydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of an aspirin-triggered protectin D1(1-). 
it is a hydrate obtained by combining oxyphenbutazone with one molar equivalent of water. Commonly used to treat pain, swelling and stiffness associated with arthritis and gout, it was withdrawn from the market 1984 following association with blood dyscrasis and Stevens-Johnson syndrome. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, a gout suppressant, an antipyretic, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It contains an oxyphenbutazone. 
An anticoagulant that acts by inhibiting the synthesis of vitamin K-dependent coagulation factors. Warfarin is indicated for the prophylaxis and/or treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, pulmonary embolism, and atrial fibrillation with embolization. It is also used as an adjunct in the prophylaxis of systemic embolism after myocardial infarction. Warfarin is also used as a rodenticide. 
it is a carbamate ester that is phenyl methylcarbamate substituted by a dimethylamino group at position 4 and a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a molluscicide, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It is a carbamate ester and a member of toluenes. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid. 
it is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a prednisolone. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of naftifine, an allylamine derivate with synthetic broad-spectrum antifungal activity. Although the exact mechanism through which it exerts its effect is unknown, it appears to selectively inhibit the enzyme squalene 2,3-epoxidase, thereby inhibiting the biosynthesis of sterol. This results in a decreased amount of sterols, especially ergosterol which is the primary fungal membrane sterol, and a corresponding accumulation of squalene in fungal cells. it can be fungicidal as well as fungistatic to yeasts depending on the concentration and the organisms involved. 
it is a substituted benzoylphenylurea and an analogue of the pesticide diflubenzuron with potential antineoplastic activity. Unlike most of the anti-cancer drugs causing bone marrow suppression, it stimulates hematopoiesis both in vivo and in vitro. 
it is an aromatic amino acid that is anthranilic acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-methylanthranilate. 
it is a cucurbitacin in which a lanostane skeleton is multi-substituted with hydroxy, methyl and oxo substituents, with unsaturation at positions 1, 5 and 23. It is a cucurbitacin and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
CEP-1347 is a semi-synthetic compound shown to protect multiple nerve cell types from a variety of insults leading to programmed cell death (apoptosis) which could improve the survival of dopamine neurons prior to and after transplantation. 
1-acetyl-4-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazine is a dioxolane that is 1,3-dioxolane which is substituted at positions 2, 2, and 4 by imidazol-1-ylmethyl, 2,4-dichlorophenyl, and [para-(4-acetylpiperazin-1-yl)phenoxy]methyl groups, respectively. It is an ether, a member of imidazoles, a N-arylpiperazine, a dioxolane, a dichlorobenzene and a N-acylpiperazine. it is a synthetic derivative of phenylpiperazine with broad antifungal properties and potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits sterol 14-a-dimethylase, a microsomal cytochrome P450-dependent enzyme, thereby disrupting synthesis of ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell wall. (NCI04) 
it is a para-terphenyl that is the 3-hydroxy derivative of terphenyllin. It has been isolated from Aspergillus taichungensis. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a para-terphenyl, a member of catechols and a dimethoxybenzene. It derives from a terphenyllin. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is 5beta-cholestane containing a double bond between positions 7 and 8, and substituted by an oxo group at position 6 and by hydroxy groups at the 3beta and 14alpha positions. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid and an enone. It derives from an ecdysone. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it is a water-soluble pentacyclic pyrolloquinone analogue of mitoquidone with potential antineoplastic activity. Currently, the mechanism of action of it is unknown. In vitro studies indicate that this agent does not bind to DNA or inhibit topoisomerases. 
it is an acyl chloride consisting of benzoyl chloride having a chloro substituent in the ortho-position. It is an acyl chloride and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 2-chlorobenzoic acid. 
it is a N-glycosyl-1,2,4-triazine that is 6-azauridine acetylated at positions 2', 3' and 5' on the sugar ring. It is a prodrug for 6-azauridine and is used for treatment of psoriasis. It has a role as an antipsoriatic and a prodrug. It is an acetate ester and a N-glycosyl-1,2,4-triazine. It derives from a 6-azauridine. it is the triacetate salt of azauridine, a synthetic triazine nucleoside derivative possessing antineoplastic and anti-psoriatic activity. After metabolism to 6-azauridine-5-prime monophosphate, 6-Azauridine inhibits de novo pyrimidine biosynthesis and its 5-prime triphosphate metabolite gets incorporated into RNA, thereby preventing RNA synthesis. 
it is an organonitrogen compound and an organooxygen compound. It derives from a beta-amino acid. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the serine protease dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic and potential renoprotective activities. Upon administration, it binds to DPP-4 and inhibits the breakdown of the incretin hormones, glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP). This prolongs incretin activity, increases postprandial insulin secretion from pancreatic beta cells, decreases glucagon secretion, delays gastric emptying and lowers blood glucose levels. In addition, it exerts a renoprotective effect, probably through enhanced GLP-1 signaling, may prevent apoptosis and acute kidney injury induced by nephrotoxic agents, and may protect against diabetic nephropathy. 
it, (mixed isomers) appears as a clear colorless liquid with ether-like odor. Mixture of cis and trans isomers. Flashpoint 36 - 43Â° F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a ferroheme having four carboxy groups and oxo groups on two of the pyrrole rings. It is a ferroheme, a metallochlorin, a diketone and a tetracarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a derivative of adenosine in which the 5'-hydroxymethyl group is replaced by N-ethylcarboxamido and the hydrogen at position 2 on the adenine is replaced by a 4-(2-carboxyethyl)phenethylamino group. It has a role as an adenosine A2A receptor agonist and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of adenosines, a monocarboxylic acid and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from an adenosine. 
it is a terpenyl phosphate obtained by hydroxylation of one of the terminal methyl groups of (2E,6E)-farnesyl diphosphate It is a polyprenyl diphosphate, a terpenyl phosphate, an olefinic compound and a primary alcohol. It derives from a 2-trans,6-trans-farnesyl diphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Normorphine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a glycine derivative that is the diester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy groups of N-oxalylglycine with two molecules of methanol. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and an EC 1.14.11.29 (hypoxia-inducible factor-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor. It is a glycine derivative, a methyl ester and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a N-oxalylglycine. 
it, also known as fema 2420, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ethyl p-anisate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an aniseed, balsam, and fruity taste. 
it is a colorless liquid with a fruity odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is an enoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of methacrylic acid with the hydroxy group of glycidol. It is an enoate ester and an epoxide. It derives from a methacrylic acid and a glycidol. 
it, also known as grandiflorolate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, grandiflorolic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, grandiflorolic acid can be found in green vegetables and sunflower. This makes grandiflorolic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a semisynthetic penicillin antibiotic carrying a 3-(2-chlorophenyl)-5-methylisoxazole-4-carboxamido group at position 6. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a semisynthetic derivative, a penicillin allergen and a penicillin. It derives from an oxacillin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a semisynthetic beta-lactamase resistant penicillin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to an interruption of the bacterial cell wall and causes bacterial cell lysis. 
it is a galloyl-beta-D-glucose compound having the galloyl groups in the 1-, 2- and 6-positions. It is a gallate ester and a galloyl beta-D-glucose. It derives from a gallic acid and a beta-D-glucose. 
it is an organic sodium salt and an antibiotic antifungal drug. it Sodium is the sodium salt form of micafungin, a semi-synthetic echinocandin derived from a natural product of the fungus Coleophoma empetri with antifungal activity. it, like other cyclic lipopeptides, noncompetitively inhibits the fungal specific enzyme 1,3-beta-D-glucan synthase, an enzyme essential for the synthesis of the important fungal cell wall component 1,3-beta-D-glucan. By preventing the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, the cell wall is weakened which leads to osmotic lysis and eventually fungal cell death. 
(2E)-Butenoyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-enoyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to a 2-enoyl chain (2E)-Butenoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa) (2E)-Butenoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (2E)-butenoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
2-Furanylmethyl butanoate, also known as 2-it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 2-Furanylmethyl butanoate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 2-Furanylmethyl butanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-furanylmethyl butanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Furanylmethyl butanoate has a fruity, grape, and green taste. 
it is the beta-anomer of D-it. It derives from a beta-D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a proanthocyanidin obtained by the condensation of (-)-epicatechin and (+)-catechin units. It has a role as an antioxidant, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a proanthocyanidin and a hydroxyflavan. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin and a (+)-catechin. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea substituted by methyl groups at positions 1 and 3. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of lomefloxacin. It is administered by mouth to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. It is also used topically as eye drops for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis, and as ear drops for the treatment of otitis externa and otitis media. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, an antimicrobial agent and an antitubercular agent. It contains a lomefloxacin. it is the hydrochloride salt form of lomefloxacin, a synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone with antibacterial activity. it inhibits DNA gyrase, a type II topoisomerase involved in the induction or relaxation of supercoiling during DNA replication. This inhibition leads to a decrease in DNA synthesis during bacterial replication, resulting in cell growth inhibition and eventually cell lysis. 
it is a member of the class of octahydronahthalenes that is (-)-eremophilene in which the carbon bearing the methyl group at position 4 (i.e. the methyl group furthest from the isopropenyl group) has R configuration instead of S. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a sesquiterpene and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
it is a prostaglandins B. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a 2-hydroxycarboxylate that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 4-hydroxymandelic acid. It is a 2-hydroxy carboxylate and a member of phenols. It derives from a mandelate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-hydroxymandelic acid. 
it appears as a pale yellow corrosive liquid. More dense than water and insoluble in water. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation, or skin absorption. 
it is a first-in-class selective inhibitor of nuclear transport (SINE) compound. It is currently approved for the treatment of multiple myeloma, a cancer which forms from antibody-producing plasma cells. This condition is typically treated with high dose [bortezomib] and dexamethasone chemotherapy followed by autologous stem-cell transplant. Other chemotherapies for multiple myeloma include [lenalidomide] and [dexamethasone], [thalidomide], and may include [melphalan] if the patient is not eligible for transplant. it was approved by the FDA in June 2019. It was granted fast track and orphan designation as well as accelerated approval based on single arm, open label trial data. The Bortezomib, it, and Dexamethasone in Patients With Multiple Myeloma (BOSTON) trial is planned to finish in 2020. it is an orally available, small molecule inhibitor of CRM1 (chromosome region maintenance 1 protein, exportin 1 or XPO1), with potential antineoplastic activity. it modifies the essential CRM1-cargo binding residue cysteine-528, thereby irreversibly inactivates CRM1-mediated nuclear export of cargo proteins such as tumor suppressor proteins (TSPs), including p53, p21, BRCA1/2, pRB, FOXO, and other growth regulatory proteins. As a result, this agent, via the approach of selective inhibition of nuclear export (SINE), restores endogenous tumor suppressing processes to selectively eliminate tumor cells while sparing normal cells. CRM1, the major export factor for proteins from the nucleus to the cytoplasm, is overexpressed in a variety of cancer cell types. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester. 
it is a member of the class of isoindoles that is it which is substituted at position 4, 5, and 6 by methoxy, methyl, and hydroxy groups, respectively. A secondary metabolite found in Aspergillus silvativus, Aspergillus nidulans and Alternaria cichorii, it is poisonous to Russian knapweed (Acroptilon repens). It has a role as a mycotoxin. It is a member of isoindoles and a member of phenols. 
it is a triglyceride obtained by formal acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by lauric (dodecanoic) acid. It is a triglyceride and a dodecanoate ester. 
it is a hydroxypiperidine in which the three hydroxy substituents are located at positions 3, 4 and 5 together with an additional methyl substituent at position 2. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a hydroxypiperidine and a triol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxy-dihydrochalcones. These are organic compounds containing dihydrochalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as 4-ethyloctanoate or fema 3800, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, it can be found in milk and milk products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that is 4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline which is substituted at positions 1, 3, 6, 7 and 8 by 2-fluoroethyl, carboxy, fluoro, 4-methylpiperazin-1-yl and fluoro groups, respectively. It is active against many Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. It has a role as a topoisomerase IV inhibitor, an antibacterial drug and an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor. It is a member of quinolines, a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, a difluorobenzene, a N-alkylpiperazine and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a is a monophosphoglyceric acid having the phosphate group at the 3-position as well as an alpha-D-mannosyl residue attached at the 2-position. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(alpha-D-mannosyl)-3-phosphonatoglycerate(3-). 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cooling, grassy, and green taste. 
it is a macrodiolide that is isolated from several bacteria including Streptomyces violaceoniger and other soil actinomycetes. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antifungal agent and an autophagy inhibitor. It is a lactol, a monosaccharide derivative and a macrodiolide. 
it appears as yellow crystals or solid. Slight aniline odor. Used as a fungicide. Insoluble in water, but often formulated as a wettable powder (easily dispersed in water). it is a nitroaniline that is 4-nitroaniline in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 6 are replaced by chlorines. An agricultural fungicide, it is not approved for use in the European Union. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene, an aromatic fungicide and a nitroaniline. 
it is a phosphorus oxoanion obtained by selective deprotonation of the SH goup and one of the OH groups of dithiophosphoric acid. It is a phosphorus oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a dithiophosphoric acid. 
it is an oxindole that is indolin-2-one which is substituted at position 5 by an (ethylsulfonyl)nitrilo group and at position 2 by a methylidene group, which is itself substituted by a phenyl group and a [4-(piperidin-1-ylmethyl)phenyl]amino group. An Aurora B kinase inhibitor, it is used to inhibit chromosome alignment and segregation. It has a role as an Aurora kinase inhibitor. It is a member of oxindoles, a member of piperidines, a sulfonamide, an enamine and a tertiary amino compound. 
A physiologically active metabolite of VITAMIN D. The compound is involved in the regulation of calcium metabolism, alkaline phosphatase activity, and enhancing the calcemic effect of CALCITRIOL. 
it is a member of phenols. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. It derives from a benzonitrile. 
it is an orally-available synthetic derivative of the beta-amino acid cispentacin with antifungal properties. it blocks isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase and results in inhibition of protein synthesis. 
it is a phenothiazine derivative in which 10H-phenothiazinecarries a 3-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)propyl substituent at the N-10 position. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a N-alkylpiit, a N-methylpiit and a member of phenothiazines. It derives from a hydride of a 10H-phenothiazine. 
it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is prop-2-enoic acid substituted by a 1H-imidazol-4-yl group at position 3. It is a metabolite of hidtidine. It has a role as a chromophore and a human metabolite. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a member of imidazoles. It is a conjugate acid of a urocanate. 
it, also known as fema 3244, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, trimethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a cocoa, earthy, and hazelnut tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as coffee and coffee products, green vegetables, cereals and cereal products, and pulses. This makes trimethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is under investigation for the treatment of Previously Treated Metastatic Colorectal Cancer. it is a dinucleotide antimetabolite of a decitabine linked via phosphodiester bond to a guanosine, with potential antineoplastic activity. Following metabolic activation by phosphorylation and incorporation into DNA, it inhibits DNA methyltransferase, thereby causing genome-wide and non-specific hypomethylation, and inducing cell cycle arrest at S-phase. This agent is resistant to cytidine deaminase, hence may result in gradual release of decitabine both extra and intracellularly, leading to more prolonged exposures to decitabine. 
it is a 1,3-thiazine that is 1,3-thiazinan-4-one S,S-dioxide in which a hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a 4-chlorophenyl group and the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by methyl. A non-benzodiazepine muscle relaxant, it was used in the management of anxiety and in the treatment of muscle spasms until being discontinued worldwide by its manufacturer in 1996, due to rare but serious cutaneous reactions. It has a role as an anxiolytic drug, a muscle relaxant and an antipsychotic agent. It is a 1,3-thiazine, a lactam, a sulfone and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a scyllo-inositol phosphate having the phosphate at the 4-position and a guanidino group in place of the hydroxyl at position 1. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
(10R)-it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid that is undecanoic acid in which the 10-pro-R hydrogen is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. 
it is a vinca alkaloid, a methyl ester, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a primary carboxamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a vincaleukoblastine. it is a synthetic derivative of vinblastine, a naturally occurring vinca alkaloid. it binds to and stabilizes tubulin, thereby interrupting tubulin polymerization and preventing the formation of the mitotic spindle and cell division; treated cells are unable to undergo mitosis and are arrested in metaphase. This agent also disrupts macromolecular synthesis. (NCI04) it Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of it. it binds to and stabilizes tubulin, thereby interrupting tubulin polymerization and preventing the formation of the mitotic spindle and cell division; treated cells are unable to undergo mitosis and are arrested in metaphase. This agent also disrupts macromolecular synthesis. (NCI) 
6-Methyloxane-2, 3, 4, 5-tetrol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hexoses. These are monosaccharides in which the sugar unit is a is a six-carbon containing moeity. 6-Methyloxane-2, 3, 4, 5-tetrol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of cyclopropanes and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an antilipemic drug. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that consists of 4H-chromen-4-one bearing a phenyl substituent at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite and a nematicide. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point -35Â°F. Less dense than water and soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used in chemical analysis and to make other chemicals. it is a member of the class of alkylamines that is propane substituted by an amino group at C-1. It is a conjugate base of a propan-1-aminium. 
it is an S-substituted glutathione in which the thiol hydrogen of glutathione is replaced by a 4-nitrobenzyl group. It is a C-nitro compound, an organic sulfide and a S-substituted glutathione. 
it appears as a colorless, odorless crystalline solid. Melting point 195-196Â°C. Toxic by ingestion and irritating to skin and eyes. it is the organoarsenic compound that is arsenic acid substituted on the central arsenic atom with two methyl groups. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an arsinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dimethylarsinate. 
it is the cis-isomer of octadec-6-enoic acid, a long-chain fatty acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a petroselinate. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 4,5-bisphosphate in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are both specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is a it in which both glucose residues have alpha-configuration at the anomeric carbon. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a clear colorless liquid with lint-like particles. Mild odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a monoterpene that is bicyclo[3.1.1]heptane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 6 and 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a terpenoid fundamental parent, a monoterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it appears as a colorless toxic irritant gas. Nonflammable. Prolonged exposure of the container to high heat may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. Used in organic synthesis and as an oxidizing agent in fuel for rockets. 
it is a hydrate resulting from the the formal combination of anhydrous aluminium sulfate with approximately 16 mol eq. of water. It is one of the commonest hydrates of aluminium sulfate. It is an aluminium sulfate and a hydrate. 
it is the pivalate thioester of tixocortol. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent, a glucocorticoid receptor agonist and an allergen. It is a corticosteroid, a thioester, a pivalate ester and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a tixocortol. 
Imidazol-4-ylacetic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by an imidazol-4-yl group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of imidazoles. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an imidazol-4-ylacetate. It is a tautomer of an imidazol-5-ylacetic acid and a 2H-imidazol-4-ylacetic acid. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 12-methyltetradecanoic acid (12-methylmyristic acid) with methanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a 12-methyltetradecanoic acid. 
Cyclosporin A metabolite M18 is a cyclosporin A derivative that is cyclosporin A metabolite M17 in which the hydroxy group at position 3 of residue 1 [(2S,3R,4R,6E)-3,8-dihydroxy-4-methyl-2-(methylamino)oct-6-enamide] has undergone addition to the double bond at position 6 to afford the corresponding dioxolane ring. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a cyclosporin A derivative and a member of oxolanes. It derives from a cyclosporin A metabolite M17. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having 15-carboxypentadecanoyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanedioic acid. 
it is an aromatic amide that is acetamide in which the amino hydrogens have been replaced by a propan-2-yl and 4-fluorophenyl groups while the methyl hydrogen is replaced by a [5-(trifluoromethyl)-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl]oxy group. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. It is a member of monofluorobenzenes, an aromatic amide and a member of thiadiazoles. 
it is a light tan solid. Corrosive to iron and steel. Used as an herbicide. it is an anilide that consists of 2-chloroacetanilide bearing an N-isopropyl substituent. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is an anilide, an organochlorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a 3'-deoxyribonucleoside and a member of adenosines. It has a role as an antimetabolite and a nucleoside antibiotic. it is a purine nucleoside antimetabolite and antibiotic isolated from the fungus Cordyceps militaris with potential antineoplastic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory activities. it is an inhibitor of polyadenylation, activates AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and reduces mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling, which may result in both the induction of tumor cell apoptosis and a decrease in tumor cell proliferation. mTOR, a serine/threonine kinase belonging to the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)-related kinase (PIKK) family, plays an important role in the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway that regulates cell growth and proliferation, and its expression or activity is frequently dysregulated in human cancers. 
it appears as white powder or crystals with a sharp saline taste. Shipped as a solid or an aqueous solution. Strongly irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion. Used in insecticides, solder flux and etching glass. it is a fluoride salt having K+ as the counterion. It has a role as a poison. It is a fluoride salt and a potassium salt. 
2,4-dibromophenyl 2,3,4-tribromophenyl ether is a polybromodiphenyl ether that is diphenyl ether in which the hydrogens at the 2, 3, 4, 2', and 4' positions have been replaced by bromines. 
it is a gamma-amino acid comprising that is GABA in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a methyl group. It derives from a butyric acid and a gamma-aminobutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(methylamino)butyrate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as red crystals or bright orange powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a C-nitro compound in which the nitro compound is ortho to the amino group and meta to the methyl group of p-toluidine. It derives from a p-toluidine. 
it is a member of the class of formamides that is cyclohexane substituted by a formamido group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a member of formamides and an alicyclic compound. It derives from a formamide. 
it is a colorless liquid with a pronounced irritating odor. Used as a reactive dilutent for epoxy resin , as a chemical intermediate, as a stabilizer of chlorinated organic compounds, and as a textile-treating agent. (EPA, 1998) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavones. These are flavonoids with a structure based on the backbone of 2-phenylchromen-4-one (2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one). Thus, primuletin is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a phosphate salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of tris and phosphoric acid. It has a role as a buffer. It contains a member of Htris. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and a methyl group at position 6 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is a clear colorless liquids with a petroleum-like odor. Flash points -9Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent, paint thinner, and chemical reaction medium. it is an unbranched alkane containing six carbon atoms. It has a role as a non-polar solvent and a neurotoxin. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. 
it is an octose sugar sometimes found in Gram-negative bacteria as a lipopolysaccharide constituent, in combination with its 3-deoxy derivative (alpha-D-Kdo). It is a carbohydrate acid, an aldooctose and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a man-made radioactive chemical. it has no naturally occurring or stable isotopes. Two important isotopes of americium are americium 241 (241it) (read as americium two-forty-one) and 243it. Both isotopes have the same chemical behavior in the environment and the same chemical effects on your body. 241it is used in ionization smoke detectors. There is no broad commercial use for 243it. Nuclear reactors, nuclear explosions, or the radioactive transformation of plutonium can produce both 241it and 243it. These isotopes transform by giving off alpha radiation and turning into radionuclides of other elements. The half-life of a radioactive material is the time it takes for half of the material to give off its radiation. The half-life of 241it is 432 years and that of 243it is 7,370years. it atom is an actinoid atom and a f-block element atom. it is a man-made radioactive element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 95, and atomic weight 243. 
it, also known as 3-aminopropyl hydrogen sulphate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sulfuric acid monoesters. These are organic compounds containing the sulfuric acid monoester functional group, with the generic structure ROS(O)(=O)=O, (R=organyl group) it is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a monoalkyl phosphate that is isopentenyl alcohol in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is substituted by a phosphate group. It derives from an isopentenyl alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
3'-Ketolactose belongs to the class of organic compounds known as disaccharides. Disaccharides are compounds containing two carbohydrate moieties linked to each to each other through a glycosidic bond, no set of three or more glycosidically linked carbohydrate units. 3'-Ketolactose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3'-ketolactose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Calcium phosphide appears as red-brown crystals to gray granular lumps. It reacts with water to form calcium hydroxide and phosphine, a flammable poisonous gas. Phosphine will normally ignite spontaneously in contact with air. If there is an excess of water this fire of phosphine will not normally ignite surrounding combustible material. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in carrot, cumin, root vegetables, and wild carrot. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as an odorless white crystalline powder. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Very toxic by inhalation and ingestion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-ornithine with the amino group of D-glutamic acid. It is a constituent of bacterial peptidoglycan type A4beta. It derives from a L-ornithine and a D-glutamic acid. 
it is the S-enantiomer of fenfluramine. It stimulates the release of serotonin and selectively inhibits its reuptake, but unlike fenfluramine it does not possess catecholamine agonist activity. It was formerly given by mouth as the hydrochloride in the treatment of obesity, but, like fenfluramine, was withdrawn wolrdwide following reports of valvular heart defects. It has a role as an appetite depressant, a serotonergic agonist and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-fenfluramine. 
Pyridoxal Phosphate is the active form of vitamin B6 and a coenzyme for many pyridoxal phosphate (PLP)-dependent enzymes. PLP is involved in numerous enzymatic transamination, decarboxylation and deamination reactions; it is necessary for the synthesis of amino acids and amino acid metabolites, and for the synthesis and/or catabolism of certain neurotransmitters, including the conversion of glutamate into gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and levodopa into dopamine. PLP can be used as a dietary supplement in cases of vitamin B6 deficiency. Reduced levels of PLP in the brain can cause neurological dysfunction. 
A bacteriostatic antibiotic macrolide produced by Streptomyces erythreus. Erythromycin A is considered its major active component. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding process inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that is glutaric acid in which one of the beta-hydrogens is substituted by a carboxy group. It is a conjugate acid of a tricarballylate. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt of tilorone. It is used as an antiviral drug to treat influenza, herpes infection, viral hepatitis, acute respiratory viral infections and SARS. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent, an interferon inducer, a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist and an antiviral drug. It contains a tilorone(2+). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a it. It derives from a malonate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
Unstable isotopes of iodine that decay or disintegrate emitting radiation. I atoms with atomic weights 117-139, except I 127, are radioactive iodine isotopes. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14beta-hydroxy steroid, a 5beta-hydroxy steroid, a 19-oxo steroid, a member of cardenolides and a steroid aldehyde. It derives from a 5beta-cardanolide. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazolopyrimidines that is the ethyl ester of 2-[(diethoxyphosphorothioyl)oxy]-5-methylpyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine-6-carboxylic acid. A profungicide (by hydrolysis of the thionophosphate group to afford the corresponding 2-hydroxypyrazolopyrimidine fungicide), it is used to control Erysiphe, Helminthosporium and Rhynchospium in cereals. It has a role as a phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor, an insecticide, an antifungal agrochemical and a profungicide. It is a pyrazolopyrimidine, an organic thiophosphate and an ethyl ester. It derives from an ethyl 2-hydroxy-5-methylpyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine-6-carboxylate. 
it is a cyclic tripyrrole derivative that consists of three isoindole-type units, with the connecting carbon atoms replaced by nitrogen. The parent of the class of its. It is a conjugate acid of a subphthalocyaninate(2-). 
it is a short-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of butyric acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A and a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a butyryl-CoA(4-). 
A widely used anti-inflammatory agent isolated from the licorice root. It is metabolized to GLYCYRRHETINIC ACID, which inhibits 11-BETA-HYDROXYSTEROID DEHYDROGENASES and other enzymes involved in the metabolism of CORTICOSTEROIDS. Therefore, it, which is the main and sweet component of licorice, has been investigated for its ability to cause hypermineralocorticoidism with sodium retention and potassium loss, edema, increased blood pressure, as well as depression of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system. 
it is a member of the class of phosphonic acids that is methylphosphonic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a 2-(6-amino-9H-purin-9-yl)ethoxy group. An inhibitor of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase, the bis(t-butoxycarbonyloxymethyl) ester (dipivoxil ester) prodrug is used to treat chronic hepatitis B viral infection. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor, a drug metabolite, an antiviral drug, a nephrotoxic agent and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It is a member of 6-aminopurines, an ether and a member of phosphonic acids. It derives from an adenine. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of adenosine with activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV), herpes virus, and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). 
it is the benethamine salt of penicillin G, a member of the penicillin antibiotic family with broad-spectrum bactericidal activity. Penicillin G binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), enzymes located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, resulting in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and cell lysis. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. 
it appears as a colorless viscous liquid with a pleasant odor. Slightly less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make perfumes and pharmaceuticals. it is the simplest member of the class of its bearing a single hydroxy substituent. The parent of the class of its. 
it is a member of the class of monofluorobenzenes that is D-tyrosine substituted by a fluoro group at position 3. It is a D-tyrosine derivative, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a D-alpha-amino acid. 
3-hydroxypalmitic acid is a long-chain fatty acid that is the 3-hydroxy derivative of palmitic acid. It is a long-chain fatty acid, a 3-hydroxy fatty acid and a hydroxypalmitic acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxypalmitate. 
Benzene-1,3-disulfonyl hydrazide appears as a white to light-colored crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Readily ignited by sparks or flames and burns vigorously. Used to make other chemicals. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless liquid with a disagreeable odor. Slightly less dense than water. Irritates skin and eyes. Used to make paints and pharmaceuticals. 
it appears as a white crystalline volatile solid with a strong coal-tar odor. The solid is denser than water and insoluble in water. Burns, but may be difficult to ignite. .  In the molten form it is very hot. Exposure to skin must be avoided. Also the vapors given off by the material may be toxic.  Used as a moth repellent, fumigant, lubricants, and to make other chemicals, and for many other uses it is an aromatic hydrocarbon comprising two fused benzene rings. It occurs in the essential oils of numerous plant species e.g. magnolia. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite, an environmental contaminant, a carcinogenic agent, a mouse metabolite and an apoptosis inhibitor. It is an ortho-fused bicyclic arene and a member of its. it is a white, volatile, solid polycyclic hydrocarbon with a strong mothball odor. it is obtained from either coal tar or petroleum distillation and is primarily used to manufacture phthalic anhydride, but is also used in moth repellents. Exposure to it is associated with hemolytic anemia, damage to the liver and neurological system, cataracts and retinal hemorrhage. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen and may be associated with an increased risk of developing laryngeal and colorectal cancer. (NCI05) 
it, also known as fema 3162, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, furfuryl thioacetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a burnt, coffee, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products and fats and oils. This makes furfuryl thioacetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it(3-) is a it that is the conjugate base of hydrogenit. It is a it and a trivalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenit. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors and Ovarian cancer. it is a water-soluble, small molecule and activator of the tumor suppressor protein p53, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon intravenous administration, it activates p53 which in turn induces the expressions of p21 and PUMA (p53 up-regulated modulator of apoptosis), thereby inhibiting cancer cell growth and causing tumor cell apoptosis. it may be effective in drug-resistant cancers with mutated p53. p53 tumor suppressor, a transcription factor regulating the expression of many stress response genes and mediating various anti-proliferative processes, is often mutated in cancer cells. 
it is a it that is kynurenine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an acetylenic fatty acid that is octanoic acid (caprylic acid) which has been doubly dehydrogenated at positions 2 and 3 to give the corresponding alkynoic acid. It is widely used in perfumes, lipstick, and many common food flavourings. It is a monounsaturated fatty acid and an acetylenic fatty acid. 
it is a 3,1-benzoxazin-1,4-dione having an N-methyl substituent and a nitro group at the 7-position. It is a benzoxazine and a C-nitro compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxirane carboxylic acids. Oxirane carboxylic acids are compounds containing an oxirane ring bearing a carboxylic acid group. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a urea that consists of 1-butylurea having a 4-hydroxymethylbenzenesulfonyl group attached at the 3-position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a sulfonamide, a member of ureas and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
it is an intravenously administered, broad spectrum antibiotic used to treat complex skin and tissue infections, endocarditis and bacteremia. it is associated with a low to modest rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but is a very rare cause of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a semi-synthetic cyclic lipopeptide antibiotic isolated form the bacterium Streptomyces roseosporus with broad-spectrum antibiotic activity against Gram-positive bacteria. it has a distinct mechanism of action, in which it binds to bacterial membrane and causes rapid depolarization of the cell membrane due to calcium-dependant potassium efflux; the loss of membrane potential leads to inhibition of DNA, RNA and protein synthesis, resulting in bacterial cell death. This agent does not penetrate the outer membrane of gram-negative bacteria. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 32:0 in which the acyl group specified at positions 1 and 2 are myristoyl and stearoyl respectively. It is a phosphatidylcholine 32:0 and a tetradecanoate ester. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is an alkaloid sulfate salt. It contains a morphine. it is the sulfate salt of morphine, an opiate alkaloid isolated from the plant Papaver somniferum and produced synthetically. Morphine binds to and activates specific opiate receptors (delta, mu and kappa), each of which are involved in controlling different brain functions. In the central nervous and gastrointestinal systems, this agent has widespread effects including analgesia, anxiolysis, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, and gastrointestinal system smooth muscle contraction. 
it is 7H-Furo[3,2-g]chromen-7-one in which positions 2, 5, and 9 are substituted by methyl groups. Like other psoralens, it causes photosensitization of the skin. It is administered orally in conjunction with UV-A for phototherapy treatment of vitiligo. After photoactivation it creates interstrand cross-links in DNA, inhibiting DNA synthesis and cell division, and can lead to cell injury; recovery from the cell injury may be followed by increased melanisation of the epidermis. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent and a dermatologic drug. 
(2S,4S)-1-acetyl-4-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazine is a 1-acetyl-4-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazine in which the dioxolane ring has S configuration at positions 2 and 4. It is an enantiomer of a (2R,4R)-1-acetyl-4-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazine. 
A drug formerly used in the treatment of angina pectoris but superseded by less hazardous drugs. Prenylamine depletes myocardial catecholamine stores and has some calcium channel blocking activity. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1406) 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion resulting from the removal of a proton from both of the carboxylic acid groups of 2-isopropylmalic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 2-isopropylmalate and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It derives from a succinate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a 2-isopropylmalic acid. 
it is the methyl ester of nogalonic acid. It is a methyl ester, a polyketide, a polyphenol and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. It derives from a nogalonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a macrolide antibiotic similar to erythromycin with antimicrobial activity. it targets and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes. This prevents translocation of peptidyl tRNA leading to an inhibition of protein synthesis. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of O-succinyl-L-homoserine having anionic carboxy groups and a protonated amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid anion and an alpha-amino-acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an O-succinyl-L-homoserine. 
it is a dihydroxy- and monomethoxy-flavone in which the hydroxy groups are positioned at C-5 and C-7 and the methoxy group is at C-6. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a monomethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is an alicyclic ketone that is oxocyclopentanone substituted at position 3 by a carboxy group. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an alicyclic ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-oxocyclopentanecarboxylate. 
it, also known as it or fema 3452, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, dodecyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a faint and fruity taste. 
it is a sulfonamide resulting from the formal condensation of the sulfonic acid group of 5-(dimethylamino)naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid with the aniline nitrogen of 3-(2-acetamido-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)aniline. It has been reported that by triggering an endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress response, it can reduce the viability of melanoma cells without being toxic to normal cells. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a sulfonamide, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a member of acetamides, a tertiary amino compound, an aminonaphthalene and a biaryl. 
it is an alkaloid of the ergoline family that occurs as a minor constituent in some species of fungi and in the morning glory family of plants. Its structure is that of ergoline with a methyl group at N-6 and a beta-hydroxymethyl substituent at C-8. 
it is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) alpha and gamma agonist with hypoglycemic activity. it reduces blood pressure (BP) and improves endothelial function in antihypertensive studies. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining the free base of it with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It has a role as a dye. It contains a it(1+). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03434353 (Study to Evaluate the Antiviral Activity of it (GS-9992) Plus Tenofovir Alafenamide (TAF) for 12 Weeks in Adults With Chronic Hepatitis B (CHB)). 
it is a very long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is tetracosane in which a hydrogen attached to one of the terminal carbons is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has been isolated from a variety of plants, including grape seeds, evening primrose (Oenothera biennis), pitaya fruits (Hylocereus polyrhizus and Hylocereus undatus), and the flowers of Arabian jasmine (Jasminum sambac). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a fatty alcohol 24:0 and a very long-chain primary fatty alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a tetracosane. 
N-isopropyl-n&#39;-phenyl-p-phenylenediamine appears as dark gray to black flakes or brown-black small chip-like solid with an aromatic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is the N-substituted diamine that is 1,4-phenylenediamine substituted at one N with an isopropyl group and at the other with a phenyl group. It has a role as an antioxidant and an allergen. 
it is the betaine obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxylic acid group to the amino group of L-aspartic acid 4-semialdehyde. It is a tautomer of a L-aspartic 4-semialdehyde. 
it is a stilbenoid. It has a role as an anticoronaviral agent. it is the citrate salt of a nonsteroidal triphenylethylene antiestrogen. Chemically related to tamoxifen, toremifene is a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). This agent binds competitively to estrogen receptors, thereby interfering with estrogen activity. Toremifene also has intrinsic estrogenic properties, which is manifested depending on the tissue or species. (NCI04) 
it is a steroid alkaloid that is tomatidine in which the hydroxy group at position 3 is linked to lycotetraose, a tetrasaccharide composed of two units of D-glucose, one unit of D-xylose, and one unit of D-galactose. It has a role as an immunological adjuvant, a phytotoxin and an antifungal agent. It is a steroid alkaloid, a tetrasaccharide derivative, an alkaloid antibiotic and a glycoside. It derives from a tomatidine. 
it is a phenol resulting from the formal substitution of the hydrogen at the 2 position of 1,3-diisopropylbenzene by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an intravenous anaesthetic, a sedative, a radical scavenger, an antiemetic and an anticonvulsant. it is a hypnotic alkylphenol derivative. Formulated for intravenous induction of sedation and hypnosis during anesthesia, it facilitates inhibitory neurotransmission mediated by gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA). This agent is associated with minimal respiratory depression and has a short half-life with a duration of action of 2 to 10 minutes. 
it is a member of the class of hopanoids that is bacteriohopane-31,32,33,34-tetrol carrying an additional amino substituent at position 35. Isolated from Methylococcus capsulatus. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a hopanoid, a primary amino compound and a tetrol. 
it appears as a yellow liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Less dense than water. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Vapors heavier than air. Burns, although possibly difficult to igntie. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. Used as a solvent for plastics and dyes and in chemical synthesis. 
it is a member of the class of hydroquinones that is benzene-1,4-diol substituted by tert-butyl groups at position 2 and 5. 
it is a sulfoxide that is dimethylsulfoxide in which two hydrogens attached to one of the methyl groups are replaced by phenyl groups, while one hydrogen attached to the other methyl group is replaced by a carbamoyl (aminocarbonyl) group. It is a sulfoxide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a synthetic central nervous system stimulant with wakefulness-promoting activity. it appears to inhibit dopamine reuptake, resulting in an increase in extracellular dopamine. This agent exhibits pronounced wakefulness-promoting activity (without sympathomimetic activity) and may improve cognitive function in certain clinical settings. (NCI04) 
it is a broad-spectrum oxacephem antibiotic in which the oxazine ring is substituted with a tetrazolylthiomethyl group and the azetidinone ring carries methoxy and 2-carboxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetamido substituents. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is an oxacephem and a cephalosporin. it is a semisynthetic oxa-beta-lactam antibiotic, with antibacterial activity used mainly against gram-negative aerobic bacteria. Replacing the beta-lactam sulfur atom for an oxygen atom and the presence of the methyltetrazolethio moiety and the para-hydroxyphenylmalonyl group, increases the antibacterial activity of it. The 7-alpha-methoxy group and the para-hydroxyphenylmalonyl group increases the stability of this agent against beta-lactamases. The use of this agent has been associated with fatal bleeding events. 
it appears as a clear liquid with a repulsive odor. Boiling point 168.3Â°C. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Very toxic by ingestion, skin absorption, and by inhalation. Used as a chemical intermediate and in mosquito control. it is a thiol in which the sulfanyl group is attached to a phenyl group. 
it is an organic heterooctacyclic compound that is the N-benzoyl derivative of staurosporine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an indolocarbazole, an organic heterooctacyclic compound, a member of benzamides and a gamma-lactam. It derives from a staurosporine. it is a synthetic indolocarbazole multikinase inhibitor with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits protein kinase C alpha (PKCalpha), vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), c-kit, platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) and FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3) tyrosine kinases, which may result in disruption of the cell cycle, inhibition of proliferation, apoptosis, and inhibition of angiogenesis in susceptible tumors. 
Volatile oil with a disagreeable, sweetish odor. Mp: -68 to -65Â°C; bp: 32-34Â°C. Density: 1.38 g cm-3. Is not produced commercially. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of gamma-aminobutyric acid with methanol. It is a primary amino compound, an amino acid ester and a methyl ester. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyric acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of cholesterol with one of the carboxy groups of succinic acid. A detergent that is often used to replace cholesterol in protein crystallography, biochemical studies of proteins, and pharmacology. It has a role as a detergent. It is a cholestane ester, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a hemisuccinate. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is 1,4-benzoquinone in which three of the ring hydrogens are replaced by aziridin-1-yl groups. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of aziridines and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. it is an aziridinylbenzoquinone-based alkylating agent with potential antineoplastic activity. The alkylating group in it becomes activated upon reduction of quinone to the hydroquinone form. This eventually results in the alkylation and crosslinking of DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication followed by an induction of apoptosis. In addition, reactive oxygen species may form during redox cycling which may contribute to this agent's cytotoxic activity. 
it is colorless crystals which are soluble in water. It is noncombustible. It is corrosive to aluminum. It is a strong irritant to skin and mucous membranes. It is toxic by skin absorption. 
it is a xylose phosphate that is D-xylose carrying a phosphate group at position 5. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from an aldehydo-D-xylose. 
it is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid that is tetradecanoic (myristic) acid substituted at position 3 by a hydroxy group It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxytetradecanoate. 
Propineb is a polymeric complex of zinc with the propylene 1,2-bis(dithiocarbamate) anionic ligand. A fungicide, it is used to control a wide range of fungal diseases, including downy mildew, brown rot, black rot, red fire, leaf spot, and blight in crops such as grapes, tomatoes, potatoes, berries, citrus, rice and tea. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dithiocarbamate salt, a macromolecule and a zinc coordination entity. It contains a propylene 1,2-bis(dithiocarbamate). 
it is a sulfonic acid containing the camphorsulfonate anion. It derives from a camphor. It is a conjugate acid of a camphorsulfonate anion. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of flavoxate. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antispasmodic drug and a parasympatholytic. It contains a flavoxate(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of flavoxate, a parasympatholytic agent with antispasmodic activity. it competitively binds to muscarinic receptors, thereby preventing the actions of acetylcholine. This relaxes vascular smooth muscle, mainly of the urinary tract, and prevents smooth muscle contractions. 
it is a colorless oily liquid. It is soluble in water with release of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It will char wood and most other organic matter on contact, but is unlikely to cause a fire. Density 15 lb / gal. Long term exposure to low concentrations or short term exposure to high concentrations can result in adverse health effects from inhalation. It is used to make fertilizers and other chemicals, in petroleum refining, in iron and steel production, and for many other uses.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Hours, days  Odor threshold:   Source/use/other hazard: Battery/dyes/paper/glue/metals industries; volcanic gas; toxic fumes when heated. it is a sulfur oxoacid that consists of two oxo and two hydroxy groups joined covalently to a central sulfur atom. It has a role as a catalyst. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogensulfate. 
it is a hydroxycalciol that is calciol in which the hydrogen at position 25 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. A prehormone resulting from the oxidation of calciol in the liver, it is further hydroxylated in the kidney to give calcitriol, the active form of vitamin D3. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, a nutraceutical, a vitamin, a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a hydroxycalciol, a member of D3 vitamins and a diol. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of calcifediol, an orally available synthetic form of the calcitriol prohormone calcifediol (25-hydroxyvitamin D), which can be used for vitamin D supplementation, and with potential immunomodulating activity. Upon oral administration, calcifediol is taken up by the body and converted, in the kidneys, to the active form calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D or 1,25(OH)2D). This form increases and normalizes vitamin D plasma levels, which, in turn, regulates calcium plasma levels, and normalizes elevated parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels by suppressing both PTH synthesis, and secretion. Vitamin D modulates and enhances the innate and adaptive immune responses. This may improve unregulated inflammation and prevents the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Specifically, vitamin D binds to its receptor vitamin D receptor (VDR) which is widely expressed on immune cells and epithelial cells. This stimulates neutrophils, macrophages, and natural killer (NK) cells, and activates epithelial cells to produce antimicrobial peptides (AMPs). In addition, upon infection, vitamin D promotes the migration of myeloid dendritic cells (mDCs) to lymphoid organs where they activate B- and T-lymphocytes. 
it, also known as cis-3-pinanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (-)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP) it is a camphoreous and cedar tasting compound that can be found in hyssop, spearmint, and tea. This makes (-)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as 2-(carbomethoxy)thiophene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiophene carboxylic acids and derivatives. Thiophene carboxylic acids and derivatives are compounds containing a thiophene ring which bears a carboxylic acid group (or a salt/ester thereof). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an organic chloride salt comprising a choline phosphate cation and chloride anion. It contains a phosphocholine and a chloride. 
it is a cyanohydrin that is obtained by the formal addition of hydrogen cyanide to the aldehyde group of 4-hydroxybenzaldehyde. It derives from a mandelonitrile. 
it, also known as L-W dipeptide or leu-TRP, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl aryl ethers. These are organic compounds containing the alkyl aryl ether functional group with the generic formula R-O-R' , where R is an alkyl group and R' is an aryl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a nutty and roasted taste. 
it, also known as fema 3359, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methylbutyl 2-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, apple, and berry tasting compound that can be found in fats and oils, fruits, roman camomile, and spearmint. This makes 2-methylbutyl 2-methylbutanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as it or fema 3725, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-branched alpha, beta-unsaturated ketones. These are alpha, beta-unsaturated ketones that carry a branch on the alpha carbon. They have the generic structure RC(=O)C(R')=C, R = organyl group and R'= any heteroatom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-methylene-2-octanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a mushroom and musty taste. 
NAD zwitterion is a NAD. It derives from a deamido-NAD zwitterion. It is a conjugate base of a NAD(+). it is a dinucleotide of adenine and nicotinamide. It has coenzyme activity in redox reactions and also acts as a donor of ADP-ribose moieties. 
it is a phenolate anion that is the conjugate base of pentachlorophenol; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a pentachlorophenol. 
Chromium Piccolinate is a salt of the trace metallic element chromium (Cr), essential in glucose metabolism. Found in vitamins and mineral supplements, Chromium may be necessary for utilization of dietary sugars and carbohydrates by optimizing the effects of insulin. Animal studies suggest that chromium picolinate may be carcinogenic, it enters cells directly and can causes mutations. (NCI04) 
it is a cyclohexenecarboxylic acid that is cyclohex-1-ene-1-carboxylic acid which is substituted at positions 3, 4, and 5 by pentan-3-yloxy, acetamido, and amino groups, respectively (the 3R,4R,5S enantiomer). An antiviral drug, it is used as the corresponding ethyl ester prodrug, oseltamivir, to slow the spread of influenza. It has a role as an antiviral drug, an EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a cyclohexenecarboxylic acid, an acetate ester, an amino acid and a primary amino compound. 
it is an epithilone that is epithilone D in which the double bond in the macrocyclic ring has been oxidised to the corresponding epoxide (the S,S stereoisomer). It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and a microtubule-stabilising agent. It is an epothilone and an epoxide. it is a compound isolated from the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum. Similar to paclitaxel, patupilone induces microtubule polymerization and stabilizes microtubules against depolymerization conditions. In addition to promoting tubulin polymerization and stabilization of microtubules, this agent is cytotoxic for cells overexpressing P-glycoprotein, a characteristic that distinguishes it from the taxanes. it may cause complete cell-cycle arrest. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a 3beta-sterol and a member of phytosterols. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 
2', 6'-Dihydroxyacetophenone, also known as 1-(2, 6-dihydroxyphenyl)-ethanone or 2-acetyl-resorcinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 2', 6'-Dihydroxyacetophenone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2', 6'-dihydroxyacetophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an indole that consists of 3H-indole bearing a methylene substituent at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of cortistatins that is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 2, a dimethylamino group at the 3alpha position and an isoquinolin-7-yl group at the 17 position, with double bonds at the 9-11 and 10-19 positions (the 1R,2R,17beta enantiomer). It is a member of cortistatins, a diol and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and glycine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dipeptide and a L-glutamic acid. It derives from a glycine. 
it is a member of phenols and a member of methoxybenzenes. it is a derivative of isoniazid, used to treat tuberculosis in the Soviet Union. 
it is the orally bioavailable hydrochloride salt of a synthetic, small-molecule ghrelin mimetic with appetite-stimulating and anabolic activities. Anamorelin binds to and stimulates the growth hormone secretagogue receptor (GHSR) centrally, thereby mimicking the appetite-stimulating and growth hormone-releasing effects of grhelin. Stimulation of GHSR may also reduce the production of the pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha and interleukin-6, which may play a direct role in cancer-related loss of appetite. 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid that is dibenzo[de,h]quinolin-7-one carrying four methoxy substituents at positions 4, 5, 6 and 9. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a polyether, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone, an aromatic ketone and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
Halobetasol propionate, also known as halobetasol or ultravate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gluco/mineralocorticoids, progestogins and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure based on a hydroxylated prostane moiety. Halobetasol propionate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Halobetasol propionate has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, halobetasol propionate is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Halobetasol Propionate is the propionate salt form of halobetasol, a synthetic corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictor activities. Halobetasol, a topical steroid, diffuses across cell membranes to interact with cytoplasmic corticosteroid receptors located in both the dermal and intradermal cells, thereby activating gene expression of anti-inflammatory proteins mediated via corticosteroid receptor response element. Specifically, this agent induces phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, which inhibit the release of arachidonic acid, thereby inhibiting the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation, such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. As a result, halobetasol reduces edema, erythema, and pruritus through its cutaneous effects on vascular dilation and permeability. 
it appears as odorless sticky, white or creamy-white crystalline powder. Slightly bitter taste. An antibacterial. it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine with methyl substituents at the 4- and 6-positions and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, a carcinogenic agent, a ligand, an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a drug allergen. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. 
it is an aldono-1,5-lactone obtained from D-gluconic acid. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it and an aldono-1,5-lactone. It derives from a D-gluconic acid. it is a naturally occurring polyhydroxy acid (PHA) with metal chelating, moisturizing and antioxidant activity. it can be produced by enzymatic oxidation of D-glucose oxidation. Its ability in free radicals scavenging accounts for its antioxidant property. It is used in cosmetic product and as a coagulant in tofu processing. (NCI05) 
it is a spermidine alkaloid that is isolated from Maytenus heterophylla and Maytenus senegalensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a spermidine alkaloid, a lactam, an enamide, a secondary carboxamide and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it, also known as 12-diphenyldisulfane or disulfide diphenyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a burnt, earthy, and sulfurous taste. 
it is a beta-2 -adrenergic agonist with bronchodilator activity. it selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar smooth muscle, thereby causing stimulation of adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased intracellular cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle. This increases air flow and prevents bronchospasms and may eventually lead to an improvement of airway function. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is caranine in which the hydroxy group is acetylated. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an alkaloid. It derives from a caranine. 
it is a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid that is malic acid (hydroxysuccinic acid) in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid and a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a citramalate(2-). 
it appears as a grayish-white solid. It is very irritating to skin and eyes. Denser than water. It is used in electric storage batteries. it is an alkali metal hydroxide and a rubidium molecular entity. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxyisovaleric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxyisovaleric acid. 
it appears as a water-white to pale-yellow liquid with an alcohol-like odor. About the same density as water. Flash point 170Â°F. Contact may irritate or cause burns. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid consisting of phenylacetic acid having a (2,6-dichlorophenyl)amino group at the 2-position. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a drug allergen and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a secondary amino compound, an amino acid, a dichlorobenzene, an aromatic amine and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a phenylacetic acid and a diphenylamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a nonsteroidal benzeneacetic acid derivative with anti-inflammatory activity. As a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it binds and chelates both isoforms of cyclooxygenase (COX-1 and-2), thereby blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid to pro-inflammatory-proprostaglandins. This agent also may inhibit COX-2-mediated tumor angiogenesis. When inhibiting COX-2, it may be effective in relieving pain and inflammation; when inhibiting COX-1, it may produce unacceptable gastrointestinal side effects. This agent may be more active against COX-2 than several other carboxylic acid-containing NSAIDs. (NCI04) 
it is a radioactive isotope of iodine, a nonmetallic element of the halogen group. With a half-life of 60 days, iodine 125 occurs naturally and can be produced artificially. This agent has both therapeutic and diagnostic uses, particularly in thyroid disease. (NCI04) 
it is an L-valine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-valine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-valine derivative. 
it is an aralkylamino compound that is histamine bearing a methyl substituent at the 2 position on the ring. It has a role as a metabolite and a histamine agonist. It is an aralkylamino compound and a member of imidazoles. It derives from a histamine. 
Vinblastine derivative with antineoplastic activity against CANCER. Major side effects are myelosuppression and neurotoxicity. Vindesine is used extensively in chemotherapy protocols (ANTINEOPLASTIC COMBINED CHEMOTHERAPY PROTOCOLS). 
it is the (1R,2R,3R)-diastereomer of it. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). It is an enantiomer of a (1S,2S,3S)-it. 
it is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl-L-serine(1-) that is the conjugate base of 1,2-dilauroyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoserine, obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 1,2-dilauroyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoserine. 
L,it is a homocystine in which both chiral centres have L configuration. It derives from a L-homocysteine. It is a tautomer of a L,it zwitterion. 
it, free from yellow and white phosphorus appears as a greenish yellow solid with an odor of rotten eggs that may paralyze the sense of smell at hazardous concentrations in air. Density 2.04 g / cm3. It is used for making lube oil additives, insecticides, flotation agents, safety matches, blown asphalt, and other products and chemicals. 
L-Prolyl-L-proline , also known as D-pro-L-pro, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. L-Prolyl-L-proline is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a beta-D-glucoside in which a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue is attached at position 4' of 2',3,4,4',6'-pentahydroxychalcone via a glycosidic linkage. It derives from a 2',3,4,4',6'-pentahydroxychalcone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as 2-cyclopenten-1-one, 2-hydroxy-3-ethyl-4-methyl or 3-ethyl-4-methyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has a sweet and maple taste. 
it is an indolyl alcohol that is ethanol substituted by a 1H-indol-3-yl group at position 2. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an auxin and a plant metabolite. 
it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is hydantoin substituted by ethyl and phenyl at positions 3 and 5, respectively. An antiepileptic, it is less toxic than phenytoin but also less effective. It has a role as an anticonvulsant. it is a hydantoin anticonvulsant with anti-epileptic activity. The mechanism of action is not completely known, but is thought to be fairly similar to phenytoin. it influences synaptic transmission by altering sodium and calcium ion influx across neuronal membranes in the repolarization, depolarization, and membrane stability phase and interferes with the calcium uptake in presynaptic terminals. This inhibits neuronal firing and results in the stabilization of neuronal membranes, thereby preventing the spread of seizure activity at the motor cortex. 
2, 3, 4-Trimethylhexane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 3, 4-Trimethylhexane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 3, 4-trimethylhexane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 3, 4-trimethylhexane can be found in fats and oils. This makes 2, 3, 4-trimethylhexane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless to light yellow colored liquid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and/or skin absorption. 
it is a member of the class of azobenzenes that is azobenzene in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted at the para position by a sulfo group, while the other is substituted at a meta position by a sulfo group and at the para position by an amino group. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'fast yellow'. It is a member of azobenzenes, an amino sulfonic acid and a primary arylamine. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-aminoazobenzene-3,4'-disulfonate. 
it, also known as benzyl carbinyl benzoate or fema 2860, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a balsam, floral, and honey tasting compound that can be found in ceylon cinnamon and linden. This makes 2-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion of N-(5'-phosphopyridoxyl)-L-alanine having anionic carboxy, hydroxy and phosphate groups with the secondary amino group and pyridine nitrogen protonated. It has a role as an epitope and an antigen. It is a conjugate base of a N-(5'-phosphopyridoxyl)-L-alanine. 
it is a gamma-lactone resulting from the formal intramolecular condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of 2-hydroxyglutaric acid with the carboxy group at position 5. It is a gamma-lactone and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 10-epijunenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 10-epijunenol can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes 10-epijunenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of thiazolidenediones that is the hydroxy derivative of pioglitazone. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of thiazolidinediones, a member of pyridines and an aromatic ether. It derives from a pioglitazone. 
it, also known as 2-methyl-3-acetylpyrazine or pyrazine, 2-acetyl-3-methyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a grain, nutty, and roasted tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products and crustaceans. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of alosetron, a potent and selective 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. Alosetron blocks the actions of serotonin at 5-HT3 sites in the peripheral nervous system, particularly on enteric and nociceptive sensory neurons, thereby affecting the regulation of visceral pain, decreasing gastrointestinal contraction and motility, and decreasing gastrointestinal secretions. This agent is used to treat diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome in women. 
it is a colorless to pale yellow crystalline solid. Sinks in and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a member of the class of its that is phenol in which one of the hydrogens that is meta to the hydroxy group has been replaced by a nitro group. 
it is a ketoaldonic acid phosphate consisting of 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-arabino-heptonic acid having a phospho group at the 7-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-phospho-2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-arabino-heptonate. 
it is an alpha-curcumene that has R configuration at the chiral centre. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-alpha-curcumene. 
Erioglaucine a, also known as brilliant blue 9 or c. i. acid blue 9, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylbenzamines. These are aromatic compounds consisting of a benzyl group that is N-linked to a benzamine. Erioglaucine a is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, erioglaucine a is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
(S)-it is a 4,6,6-trimethylbicyclo[3.1.1]hept-3-en-2-one in which both chiral centres have S configuration. It has a role as an expectorant. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-(+)-verbenone. 
it is a pyridinethione that is pyridine-2(1H)-thione in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a Zn(2+) ionophore; the zinc salt is used as an antifungal and antibacterial agent. It has a role as an ionophore. It is a pyridinethione and a monohydroxypyridine. It is a tautomer of a pyridine-2-thiol N-oxide. it is a fungistatic and antimicrobial derivative of aspergillic acid. Although the exact mechanism of action remains to be fully elucidated, it appears to interfere with membrane transport ultimately leading to a loss of metabolic control. 
it is a fumarate salt prepared from equimolar amounts of tenofovir disoproxil and fumaric acid. It is used in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV infection. It has a role as a prodrug, a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It contains a tenofovir disoproxil. Tenofovir Disoproxil Fumarate is a pro-drug, fumaric acid salt form of tenofovir, a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of adenosine. it is prescribed to treat HIV and chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) in adults. 
it is a short-acting barbiturate derivative without hypnotic properties, it (N-it) can be used as a sedative and anticonvulsant agent due to its mechanism of enhancing GABA (Gamma Amino Butyric Acid) transmission and inhibition of synaptic excitation. it has generally been withdrawn from clinical use. (NCI04) 
it is a amidobenzoic acid that consists of salicylic acid bearing an acetamido substituent at position 4. It is an amidobenzoic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
Ethylene fluorohydrin appears as a liquid. Used as a rodenticide, insecticide and acaricide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
Pristinamycin IIA is a macrolide that is (together with pristinamycin IA) a component of pristinamycin, an oral itntibiotic produced by Streptomyces pristinaespiralis. Pristinamycin exhibits bactericidal activity against Gram positive organisms including methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a lactam, a macrolide, a member of 1,3-oxazoles, a pyrroline, an enamide, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic ketone, a macrolide antibiotic, a tertiary carboxamide and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavan in which the four hydroxy substituents are located at positions 4, 4', 5 and 7. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a primary alcohol that is isopentane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an alkyl alcohol and a primary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an isopentane. 
it, also known as it or mon 13200, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridinecarboxylic acids. Pyridinecarboxylic acids are compounds containing a pyridine ring bearing a carboxylic acid group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a potentially toxic compound. 
1,2-di-O-pentadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a phosphatidylcholine 30:0 in which the acyl group specified at positions 1 and 2 is pentadecanoyl. It derives from a pentadecanoic acid. 
Sacubitril/Valsartan is a combination of sacubitril and valsartan with natriuretic and anti-hypertensive properties. Upon administration, sacubitril is metabolized by esterases to its active metabolite, LBQ657 (sacubitrilat), which inhibits neprilysin, a neutral endopeptidase that cleaves natriuretic peptides such as atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), and c-type natriuretic peptide (CNP), as well as certain vasoconstricting peptides including as angiotensin I and II, and endothelin-1. Inhibition of neprilysin leads to increased concentrations of endogenous natriuretic peptides, which function to activate downstream receptors that promote vasodilation, natriuresis and diuresis, while simultaneously increasing the concentration of vasoconstricting peptides such as angiotensin II. Co-administration with valsartan, an angiotensin II receptor blocker, prevents the vasoconstrictive effects of neprilysin inhibition and promotes a decrease in vascular resistance and blood pressure. 
Trilobacin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. Trilobacin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Trilobacin has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, trilobacin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, trilobacin can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes trilobacin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Cefozopran is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic having imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazin-1-ium-1-ylmethyl and [(2Z)-2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetyl]amino side groups located at positions 3 and 7 respectively. It is a cephalosporin, a member of thiadiazoles and an imidazopyridazine. Cefozopran is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefozopran binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a glutamyl-L-amino acid having L-isoleucine as the L-amino acid component. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
A glucaric acid-iron conjugate that is used in the treatment of IRON-DEFICIENCY ANEMIA, including in patients with chronic kidney disease, when oral iron therapy is ineffective or impractical. 
it, also known as fema 2813, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, octyl propanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, floral, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in parsnip. This makes octyl propanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2'-deoxycytosine 5'-monophosphate is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having cytosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a 2'-deoxycytosine 5'-monophosphate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a 2-deoxy-5-O-phosphono-beta-L-ribofuranosylcytosine. 
it is n-Acetylneuraminic acid reduced across the 2,3-bond with loss of the hydroxy group at C-2; it is a minor component of body fluids although abundant in sialuria. 
it is an organic sodium salt having D-gluconate as the counterion. It has a role as a chelator. It contains a D-gluconate. it is the sodium salt of gluconic acid with chelating property. it chelates and forms stable complexes with various ions, preventing them from engaging in chemical reactions. 
it is a hydroxyflavan that is (2S)-flavan substituted by hydroxy group at position 4, methoxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and a prenyl group at position 8 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. It derives from a hydride of a (2S)-flavan. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid, with a mild odor. Less dense than water. Contact may slightly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. it is a hydroxyether that is propan-1-ol substituted by an ethoxy group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of propan-1-ols and a hydroxyether. 
it, also known as A-isopropylidene-2-furanacetaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a clear, slightly yellow liquid with a faint odor. Density 0.858 g / cm3. it is a triterpene consisting of 2,6,10,15,19,23-hexamethyltetracosane having six double bonds at the 2-, 6-, 10-, 14-, 18- and 22-positions with (all-E)-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of acetamides that is acetamide in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a phenyl group. It has a role as an analgesic. It is a member of acetamides and an anilide. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is pentaanion of (R)-methylmalonyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate, diphosphate and carboxylic acid functions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-methylmalonyl-CoA. 
it is a vinca alkaloid, an alkaloid ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a methyl ester, an acetate ester, a tertiary amino compound and a tertiary alcohol. It is a conjugate base of a itium(1+). it is an indole alkaloid that exhibits antimitotic activity by inhibiting microtubule assembly. (NCI) 
it is a coproporphyrinogen. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
2, 3-Diketogulonate, also known as 2, 3-dioxo-L-gulonic, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sugar acids and derivatives. Sugar acids and derivatives are compounds containing a saccharide unit which bears a carboxylic acid group. 2, 3-Diketogulonate is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
(1 beta,2 alpha,11 beta,12 alpha,15 beta(S))-11,20-Epoxy-1,2,11,12-tetrahydroxy-15-(2-hydroxy-2-methyl-1-oxobutoxy)picras-3-en-16-one. A quassinoid (Simaroubolide) from Simaruba glauca, a tropical shrub. It has been used as an antiamebic agent and is found to be cytotoxic. It may be of use in cancer chemotherapy. 
Ecgonine methyl ester, also known as methyl ecgonine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tropane alkaloids. These are organic compounds containing the nitrogenous bicyclic alkaloid parent N-Methyl-8-azabicyclo[3. 2. 1]octane. Ecgonine methyl ester is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Ecgonine methyl ester has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, ecgonine methyl ester is primarily located in the endoplasmic reticulum. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point less than 0Â°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a six-carbon aromatic annulene in which each carbon atom donates one of its two 2p electrons into a delocalised pi system. A toxic, flammable liquid byproduct of coal distillation, it is used as an industrial solvent. it is a carcinogen that also damages bone marrow and the central nervous system. It has a role as a non-polar solvent, a carcinogenic agent and an environmental contaminant. It is an aromatic annulene, a volatile organic compound and a member of its. it is a clear, colorless, highly flammable and volatile, liquid aromatic hydrocarbon with a gasoline-like odor. it is found in crude oils and as a by-product of oil-refining processes. In industry it is used as a solvent, as a chemical intermediate, and is used in the synthesis of numerous chemicals. Exposure to this substance causes neurological symptoms and affects the bone marrow causing aplastic anemia, excessive bleeding and damage to the immune system. it is a known human carcinogen and is linked to an increased risk of developing lymphatic and hematopoietic cancers, acute myelogenous leukemia, as well as chronic lymphocytic leukemia. (NCI05) 
it is a methyladenine that is adenine substituted with a methyl group at position N-3. It has a role as a human metabolite and an autophagy inhibitor. 
it is a simplest member of the class of its that is 4H-chromen-4-one in which the hydrogen at position 3 is replaced by a phenyl group. it is a class of polyphenolic compounds derived from the Fabaceae family with potential phytoestrogenic, cholesterol-reducing, chemotherapeutic and antioxidant activity. In its the phenyl group on the benzopyran ring is in position 3 relative to the oxygen of the ring. Most its for human consumption and that are currently studied are derived from soy beans. 
it is an organic disulfide obtained by oxidative dimerisation of 1-sulfanylnaphthalen-2-ol. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. It is an organic disulfide and a member of naphthols. 
An antineoplastic antimetabolite that is metabolized to fluorouracil when administered by rapid injection; when administered by slow, continuous, intra-arterial infusion, it is converted to floxuridine monophosphate. It has been used to treat hepatic metastases of gastrointestinal adenocarcinomas and for palliation in malignant neoplasms of the liver and gastrointestinal tract. 
it is a cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) inhibitor with hypocholesterolemic properties. it reduces the transfer of cholesteryl ester from HDL to LDL and/or VLDL thereby, producing an increase in serum HDL-cholesterol levels and a decrease in serum LDL-cholesterol levels. This agent has not yet been shown to reduce deaths associated with hypercholesterolemia. 
A tetraiodofluorescein used as a red coloring in some foods (cherries, fish), as a disclosure of DENTAL PLAQUE, and as a stain of some cell types. It has structural similarity to THYROXINE. 
it is a morphinane alkaloid that is morphine bearing two acetyl substituents on the O-3 and O-6 positions. As with other opioids, it is used as both an analgesic and a recreational drug. Frequent and regular administration is associated with tolerance and physical dependence, which may develop into addiction. Its use includes treatment for acute pain, such as in severe physical trauma, myocardial infarction, post-surgical pain, and chronic pain, including end-stage cancer and other terminal illnesses. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist and a prodrug. It derives from a morphine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glucuronides. These are glucuronides in which the aglycone is linked to the carbohydrate unit through an O-glycosidic bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an azaspiro compound that is 1,7-diazaspiro[4.5]decan-2-one carrying additional phenyl and 1-{[3,5-bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethoxy}methyl substituents at position 8. Used (in the form of the hydrochloride hydrate) for the prevention of delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. It has a role as an antiemetic and a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist. It is an ether, an azaspiro compound, a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones, a member of piperidines and an organofluorine compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a triglyceride obtained by formal acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by palmitic (hexadecanoic) acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a carbohydrazide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.26.13 (retroviral ribonuclease H) inhibitor. It derives from a benzohydrazide. 
it is a galloyl-beta-D-glucose compound having two galloyl groups in the 1- and 6-positions. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a gallate ester and a galloyl beta-D-glucose. 
Hyoscyamine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
it is a sesquiterpene that is octahydro-1H-1,4-methanoindene bearing methyl, isopropyl and methylene substituents at positions 4, 7 and 8 respectively (the 1R,3aS,4R,7R,7aR-isomer). It is a sesquiterpene and a bridged compound. 
it is a methoxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by a methoxy group at position 6 and hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 4'. It has been isolated from the mycelia of the fungus Cordyceps sinensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a phytoestrogen and a fungal metabolite. It is a methoxyisoflavone and a 7-hydroxyisoflavone. It derives from an isoflavone. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an acrid odor. A dangerous fire risk. Vapors are irritating to the eyes and respiratory system. Subject to polymerization if heated or contaminated. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may violently rupture. Insoluble in water. Used to make intermediates and polymers. it is an alkadiene consisting of pentane with the two double bonds located at positions 1 and 3. 
7,8-it is a dihydropterin that is biopterin dihydrogenated at positions 7 and 8. It is a member of biopterins and a dihydropterin. 
it is a compound with activity against human picornaviruses. it binds to the hydrophobic pocket within the viral VP1 capsid protein and prevents structural transitions required for viral uncoating resulting in an inhibition of viral reproduction. 
N-acetyl-D-muramic acid is the pyranose form of it. It derives from a 2-amino-3-O-[(R)-1-carboxyethyl]-2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-acetamido-3-O-[(1R)-1-carboxylatoethyl]-2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. Thus, it is considered to be an isoprenoid lipid molecule. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, balsam, and medical tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as spearmint, rosemary, sweet bay, and cumin. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Cyclic basic peptide related to VIOMYCIN. It is isolated from an induced mutant of Streptomyces griseoverticillatus var. tuberacticus and acts as an antitubercular agent with less ototoxicity than tuberactinomycin. 
it is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols that is benzyl alcohol substituted by fluoro groups at positions 2 and 3 respectively. It is an organofluorine compound and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
it is a member of the class of azabicycloalkanes that is (2S,5R)-7-oxo-1,6-diazabicyclo[3.2.1]octane-2-carboxamide in which the amino hydrogen at position 6 is replaced by a sulfooxy group. Used (in the form of its sodium salt) in combination with ceftazidime pentahydrate for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent and an EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of ureas, an azabicycloalkane and a hydroxylamine O-sulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an avibactam(1-). 
it is a modified amino acid generated by enzymic means from homocysteine and serine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of cystathionines and an organic sulfide. 
it is a member of the class of oxopentanoates that is the conjugate base of 4-oxopentanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 4-oxopentanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of pyrimidones, the structure of which is that of perhydropyrimidine substituted at C-2, -4, -5 and -6 by oxo groups. It has a role as a hyperglycemic agent and a metabolite. It derives from a barbituric acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy groups of 2-hydroxyhepta-2,4-diene-1,7-dioic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a (2Z,4Z)-2-hydroxyhepta-2,4-dienedioic acid. It is a tautomer of a (4Z)-2-oxohept-4-enedioate. 
Vinorelbine Tartrate is the ditartrate salt of a semisynthetic vinca alkaloid derived from the leaves of the periwinkle plant (Vinca rosea) with antineoplastic properties. Vinorelbine binds to tubulin, thereby inhibiting tubulin polymerization into microtubules and spindle formation and resulting in apoptosis of susceptible cancer cells. Inhibition of mitotic microtubules correlates with antitumor activity, whereas inhibition of axonal microtubules seems to correlate with vinorelbine's neurotoxicity. Compared to related vinca alkaloids, vinorelbine is more selective against mitotic than axonal microtubules in vitro, which may account for its decreased neurotoxicity. This agent is also a radiation-sensitizing agent. (NCI04) 
it is an aromatic amide and a member of indazoles. it is the hydrochloride salt of an indazole derivative with antiemetic properties. As a selective serotonin receptor antagonist, granisetron competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5-hydroxytryptamine3 (5-HT3) receptors, resulting in the suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it, also known as fema 2986, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a geranium, rose, and verbena taste. 
it is an ergostanoid that is ergosta-6,22-dien-3-ol with a peroxy group between positions 5 and 8 (the 3beta,5alpha,8alpha,22E stereoisomer). Isolated from Ganoderma lucidum and Cordyceps sinensis, it exhibits antimycobacterial, trypanocidal and antineoplastic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an antimycobacterial drug and a trypanocidal drug. It is an organic peroxide, an ergostanoid, a 3beta-sterol and a member of phytosterols. It derives from an ergosterol. 
Isoit, also known as fema 2163, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. Isoit is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isoit is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Isoit has a camphor, fruit, and lavender taste. Isoit is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining strychnine with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an avicide, a cholinergic antagonist, a glycine receptor antagonist, a rodenticide and a neurotransmitter agent. It is a hydrochloride and an organoammonium salt. It contains a strychnine(1+). 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having uracil as the nucleobase. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a deoxyuridine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
2-O-alpha-L-rhamnosyl-alpha-L-rhamnosyl-3-hydroxydecanoyl-3-hydroxydecanoic acid is a glycolipid, an alpha-L-rhamnosyl-alpha-L-rhamnoside of 3-[(3-hydroxydecanoyl)oxy]decanoic acid. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. It is a glycolipid and an alpha-L-rhamnoside. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-O-alpha-L-rhamnosyl-alpha-L-rhamnosyl-3-hydroxydecanoyl-3-hydroxydecanoate. 
it is a TriHOME that is octadec-10-enoic acid in which the three hydroxy substituents are located at positions 9, 12 and 13. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a TriHOME and a long-chain fatty acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, esculentic acid (diplazium) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, esculentic acid (diplazium) can be found in green vegetables. This makes esculentic acid (diplazium) a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a phosphate ion that is the conjugate base of diit. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. It is a divalent inorganic anion and a phosphate ion. It is a conjugate base of a diit. It is a conjugate acid of a phosphate(3-). 
A six carbon compound related to glucose. It is found naturally in citrus fruits and many vegetables. Ascorbic acid is an essential nutrient in human diets, and necessary to maintain connective tissue and bone. Its biologically active form, vitamin C, functions as a reducing agent and coenzyme in several metabolic pathways. Vitamin C is considered an antioxidant. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trifluoromethylbenzenes. These are organofluorine compounds that contain a benzene ring substituted with one or more trifluoromethyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). it and formaldehyde can be biosynthesized from fluoxetine through its interaction with the enzymes cytochrome P450 3A5, cytochrome P450 3A4, cytochrome P450 2C9, cytochrome P450 2C19, and cytochrome P450 2D6. In humans, it is involved in the fluoxetine metabolism pathway and the fluoxetine action pathway. 
it is a tertiary amine having one ethyl and two 3-phenylprop-1-yl groups attached to the nitrogen. An antispasmodic that acts directly on intestinal and uterine smooth muscle, it is used (particularly as the citrate salt) in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. It has a role as an antispasmodic drug. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it, also known as 4'-hydroxy-3', 5'-dimethyl-acetophenone or 4-H-3-(MB)ap, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monohydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 6. It has a role as a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is an organic sodium salt having loxoprofen(1-) as the counterion. The parent acid, loxoprofen, is a prodrug that is rapidly converted to its active trans-alcohol metabolite following oral administration. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and an antipyretic. It contains a loxoprofen(1-). 
it is a pyridine nucleotide having 3,5-dicarboxypyridine as the nucleobase. It is a pyridine nucleotide and a nucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It derives from a nicotinic acid D-ribonucleotide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester that is ethyl 4-phenylbutanoate in which a hydrogen alpha to the carboxy group is substituted by the amino group of L-alanyl-L-proline (S-configuration). It has a role as a prodrug, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and an antihypertensive agent. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a dipeptide. It derives from an itt (anhydrous). it is a dicarbocyl-containing peptide and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is converted by de-esterification into its active form itt. itt competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a member of the class of 2-benzofurans that is 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one which is substituted at positions 4, 5, 6, and 7 by methyl, methoxy, (2E)-5-carboxy-3-methylpent-2-en-1-yl, and hydroxy groups, respectively. It is an antibiotic produced by Penicillium brevi-compactum, P. stoloniferum, P. echinulatum and related species. An immunosuppressant, it is widely used (partiularly as its sodium salt and as the 2-(morpholin-4-yl)ethyl ester prodrug, it mofetil) to prevent tissue rejection following organ transplants and for the treatment of certain autoimmune diseases. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent, an EC 1.1.1.205 (IMP dehydrogenase) inhibitor, an immunosuppressive agent, a mycotoxin, a Penicillium metabolite, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a gamma-lactone, a member of phenols, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of 2-benzofurans. It derives from a hex-4-enoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. it is an antineoplastic antibiotic derived from various Penicillium fungal species. it is an active metabolite of the prodrug it mofetil. it inhibits inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH), preventing the formation of guanosine monophosphate and synthesis of lymphocyte DNA that results in inhibition of lymphocyte proliferation, antibody production, cellular adhesion, and migration of T and B lymphocytes. it also has antibacterial, antifungal, and antiviral activities. (NCI04) 
it is a lysophosphatidylcholine 14:0 in which the acyl group specified is myristoyl. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a lysophosphatidylcholine 14:0, a 1-O-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and a tetradecanoate ester. 
1, 5-Hexanediol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, 1, 5-hexanediol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. 1, 5-Hexanediol is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 1, 5-Hexanediol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 1, 5-hexanediol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04021082 (CELTIC-1: A Phase 2B Study of it in Patients With Relapsed/refractory Peripheral T-cell Lymphoma (PTCL)). it is an orally bioavailable dual inhibitor of spleen tyrosine kinase (Syk) and Janus-associated kinases (JAK), with potential anti-inflammatory and antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it specifically binds to and inhibits the activity of Syk, JAK1, and JAK3 with preferential inhibition of JAK1 and JAK3-dependent cytokine-mediated signaling and functional responses. This negatively affects the downstream JAK-STAT (signal transducer and activator of transcription) pathway, and leads to both reduced inflammation in various animal models and enhanced antiproliferative activity towards non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) cell lines. Syk is a non-receptor cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase involved in signal transduction in cells of hematopoietic origin including B cells, macrophages, basophils and neutrophils. Abnormal function of Syk has been implicated in several hematopoietic malignancies including NHL and chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). The JAK-STAT pathway plays a key role in the signaling of many cytokines and growth factors and is involved in cellular proliferation, growth, hematopoiesis, and the immune response; JAK kinases may be upregulated in inflammatory diseases, myeloproliferative disorders, and various malignancies. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that results from the removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of trichloroacetic acid. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a trichloroacetic acid. 
(S)-p-Mentha-1, 8-dien-10-yl acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (S)-p-Mentha-1, 8-dien-10-yl acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (S)-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-10-yl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm (S)-p-Mentha-1, 8-dien-10-yl acetate is a mild, sweet, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in citrus, fats and oils, and lemon. This makes (S)-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-10-yl acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is amfenac in which the the hydrogen at the 4 position of the benzoyl group is substituted by bromine. It is used for the management of ocular pain and treatment of postoperative inflammation in patients who have undergone cataract extraction. It was withdrawn from the US market in 1998, following concerns over off-label abuse and hepatic failure. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a member of benzophenones, a substituted aniline, an aromatic amino acid and an organobromine compound. It derives from an amfenac. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon ophthalmic administration, it binds to and inhibits the activity of cyclooxygenase II (COX II), an enzyme which converts arachidonic acid to cyclic endoperoxides, precursors of prostaglandins (PG). By inhibiting PG formation, it is able to inhibit PG-induced inflammation, thereby preventing vasodilation, leukocytosis, disruption of the blood-aqueous humor barrier, an increase in vascular permeability and an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP). 
it is the arsenic oxoanion that is the conjugate base of dimethylarsinic acid. It derives from an arsinate. It is a conjugate base of a dimethylarsinic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thioesters. These are organic compounds containing an ester of thiocarboxylic acid, with the general structure RC(=S)XR' (R=H, alkyl, aryl; R'=alkyl, aryl; X=O, S). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an alliaceous, dairy, and milky taste. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 38:6 in which the acyl groups at C-1 and C-2 are specified as hexadecanoyl and (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoyl respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid. 
Theasapogenol a, also known as protoescigenin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Theasapogenol a exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, theasapogenol a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, theasapogenol a can be found in tea. This makes theasapogenol a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(2S)-1-oleoyl-2-methylglycero-3-phosphothionate is a glycerophospholipid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of oleic acid with the primary hydroxy group of (2S)-2-methylglycero-3-phosphothionate. It has a role as a lysophosphatidic acid receptor 3 agonist. It is an organic thiophosphate, a glycerophospholipid and an ether lipid. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a polyketide that is 4-hydroxypyran-2-one carrying an additional 4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-2-oxobut-3-en-1-yl group at position 6; produced due to derailment from the canonical 2',4,4',6'-tetrahydroxychalcone-producing reaction pathway. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of 2-pyranones, a polyketide, an enone and a member of phenols. 
it appears as a light silvery metal. The more finely divided material reacts with water to liberate hydrogen, a flammable gas, though this reaction is not as vigorous as that of sodium or lithium with water. In finely divided forms is easily ignited. Burns with an intense white flame. Can be wax coated to render magnesium as nonreactive. it atom is an alkaline earth metal atom. It has a role as a macronutrient. 
it is a phenylethylamine having the phenyl substituent at the 2-position. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a phenylethylamine, an aralkylamine and an alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a 2-phenylethanaminium. 
it is an acyl-CoA resulting from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the 1-carboxy group of (2S)-methylsuccinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is a pseudoguaianolide that is decahydroazuleno[6,5-b]furan-2(3H)-one substituted by an oxo group at position 5, methyl groups at positions 4a and 8 and a methylidene group at position 3. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Inula hupehensis. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a plant metabolite and a metabolite. It is a pseudoguaianolide, a gamma-lactone, a cyclic ketone and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 
it is a member of the class of azobenzenes that is azobenzene in which the para position of one of the phenyl groups is substituted by a carboxy group, whilst that of the other phenyl group is substituted by a sulfo group. It is a sulfobenzoic acid, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of azobenzenes. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-carboxylato-4'-sulfonatoazobenzene. 
it is a synthetic derivative of the insecticide dichlorodiphenyl trichloroethane (DDT) with anti-adrenocorticoid properties. Following its metabolism in the adrenal cortex to a reactive acyl chloride intermediate, it covalently binds to adrenal proteins, specifically inhibiting adrenal cortical hormone production. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as c19-gibberellin 6-carboxylic acids. These are c19-gibberellins with a carboxyl group at the 6-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits, peach, and sour cherry. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a diphenate(1-). It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion that is obtained by removal of a proton from both of the carboxylic acid groups of citramalic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a butenedioate. It is a conjugate base of a citramalic acid. 
it is a four-electron reduction will result in CHEBI:9260 It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and a methyl ester. 
it is a pyridopyrimidine that is pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidine which is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by (3S)-3-methylmorpholin-4-yl groups and at position 5 by a 3-(hydroxymethyl)-4-methoxyphenyl group. It is an mTOR complex 1/2 (mTORC1/2) dual inhibitor [mTOR = mammalian target of rapamycin]. It has a role as a mTOR inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of benzyl alcohols, a tertiary amino compound, a pyridopyrimidine and a member of morpholines. 
it is a vanadium oxoanion that is a trianion with formula VO4 in which the vanadium is in the +5 oxidation state and is attached to four oxygen atoms. It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.1 (alkaline phosphatase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.3.41 (4-nitrophenylphosphatase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor. It is a trivalent inorganic anion and a vanadium oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenvanadate. 
it is a synthetic analogue of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha. Prostaglandin F2 alpha stimulates myometrial activity, relaxes the cervix, inhibits corpus luteal steroidogenesis, and induces luteolysis by direct action on the corpus luteum. (NCI04) 
it is an acetate ester, a steroid ester, a fluorinated steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a betamethasone. 
it is a very long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is hexacosane in which a hydrogen attached to one of the terminal carbons is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a fatty alcohol 26:0 and a very long-chain primary fatty alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a hexacosane. 
it is a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic used to treat Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in adults. it has minimal systemic absorption and has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to instances of clinically apparent, acute liver injury. it is a narrow-spectrum, 18-membered macrolide antibiotic isolated from the actinomycete Dactylosporangium aurantiacum subsp. hamdenensis with potential antibacterial activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, fidaxomicin may bind to and inhibit bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, thereby inhibiting the initiation of bacterial RNA synthesis. When orally administered, this agent is minimally absorbed into the systemic circulation, acting locally in the gastrointestinal tract. it appears to be active against pathogenic Gram-positive bacteria, such as clostridia, enterococci, and staphylococci, but does not appear to be active against other beneficial intestinal bacteria. 
it is an oxonium betaine that is the conjugate base of cyanidin 3-O-rutinoside, arising from selective deprotonation of the 5-hydroxy group on the chromene ring; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a cyanidin 3-O-rutinoside. 
it is an alkene that is nonacosane which has been dehydrogenated to introduce a double bond at the 1-2 position. It derives from a hydride of a nonacosane. 
it is an aminobenzenesulfonic acid that is 2-aminobenzenesulfonic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 4-{(4-amino-3-methylphenyl)[4-(phenylimino)cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene]methyl} group. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an imine, an aminobenzenesulfonic acid, a substituted aniline and an olefinic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(4-{(4-amino-3-methylphenyl)[4-(phenylimino)cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene]methyl}anilino)benzene-1-sulfonate. 
it is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that consists of 5E,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z-docosahexaenoic acid bearing an additional 4-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid that is olivetolic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a 3-p-mentha-1,8-dien-3-yl (limonene) group. It is a phytocannabinoid, a member of resorcinols, a polyketide and a dihydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from an olivetolic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a cannabidiolate. 
it is a very long-chain fatty acid that is docosa-10,16-dienoic acid which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 4, 6, 8, 12, 14, 18 and 20, by hydroxy groups at positions 11, 19 and 21, and by a (2',5-dimethyloctahydro-2,2'-bifuran-5-yl)ethanol group at position 21. An ionophore produced by Streptomyces conglobatus, it is used in research to raise the intracellular level of Ca(2+) and as a research tool to understand Ca(2+) transport across biological membranes. It has a role as a metabolite and a calcium ionophore. It is an enol, a cyclic ether, a very long-chain fatty acid and a polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the ethyl ester of [4-({[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methyl}sulfanyl)phenyl]carbamic acid. It is a member of triazoles, a dichlorobenzene, a dioxolane, a cyclic ketal, an aryl sulfide and a carbamate ester. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is beta-amyrin in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group at position 28 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a plant metabolite found in olive oil as well as in Rhododendron ferrugineum and other Rhododendron species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and a diol. It derives from a beta-amyrin. 
it is the methobromide salt of the N,N'-bis[3-(dimethylamino)phenyl carbamate] derivative of 2,13-diazatetradecane. It is an inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase and pseudocholinesterase, with a long duration of action. It is used in the treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma: in the eye, it causes constriction of the iris sphincter muscle and the ciliary muscle, facilitating the outflow of the aqueous humor and so reducing intraocular pressure. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is a quaternary ammonium salt, a bromide salt and a carbamate ester. It contains a demarcarium. it is the bromide salt form of demecarium, a quaternary ammonium compound and a long-acting cholinesterase inhibitor with parasympathomimetic activity. When used topically, demecarium inactivates both pseudocholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase, thereby preventing acetylcholine breakdown and increasing acetylcholine activity. This causes contraction of the iris sphincter muscle (producing miosis) and the ciliary muscle (affecting the accommodation reflex). In so doing, this agent increases the outflow of the aqueous humor, thereby reducing intraocular pressure. 
Biphenylacetylene is an arylacetylene that is acetylene in which the hydrogens are replaced by phenyl groups. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an alkyne and an arylacetylene. 
it is an organosulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of 2-butyloctyl hydrogen sulfate, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfate group. Major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2-butyloctyl hydrogen sulfate. 
it is a benzamide obtained via formal condensation of 4-nitrosobenzoic acid and 2-(diethylamino)ethylamine. It is a member of benzamides and a nitroso compound. 
Phenyl urea pesticide, liquid, poisonous appears as a liquid dissolved or suspended in a liquid carrier. Contains any of several related compounds (Diuron, Fenuron, Linuron, Neburon, Siduron, Monuron) formally derived from urea. Carrier is water emulsifiable. Toxic by inhalation, skin absorption, or ingestion. Obtain the technical name of the specific pesticide and carrier from the shipping papers and contact CHEMTREC, 800-424-9300 for response information. 
it is a selenium oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a selenous acid. It is a conjugate acid of a selenite(2-). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point 120Â°F. Toxic by inhalation. A skin irritant. Used to make flavorings and as a solvent. it is a dialkyl ketone that is heptane in which the two methylene protons at position 4 have been replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a biomarker, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a rat metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a heptane. 
it is a benzoate ester having 4-aminobenzoic acid as the acid component and ethanol as the alcohol component. A surface anaesthetic, it is used to suppress the gag reflex, and as a lubricant and topical anaesthetic on the larynx, mouth, nasal cavity, respiratory tract, oesophagus, rectum, urinary tract, and vagina. It has a role as a topical anaesthetic, an antipruritic drug, an allergen and a sensitiser. It is a benzoate ester and a substituted aniline. it is an ester of paraaminobenzoic acid, lacking the terminal diethylamino group of procaine, with anesthetic activity. it binds to the sodium channel and reversibly stabilizes the neuronal membrane which decreases its permeability to sodium ions. Depolarization of the neuronal membrane is inhibited, thereby blocking the initiation and conduction of nerve impulses. 
it is a penicillin and a 1,5-naphthyridine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is a naphthydridine derivative of the broad spectrum, semisynthetic ampicillin with antibacterial activity. it specifically binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to a weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing bacterial cell lysis. 
it is an organofluorine compound comprising salicylic acid having a 2,4-difluorophenyl group at the 5-position. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is an organofluorine compound and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid and a 1,3-difluorobenzene. it is a difluorophenyl derivate of salicylic acid and a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with antipyretic, analgesic and anti-inflammatory properties. it competitively inhibits both cyclooxygenase (COX) -1 and -2, with higher affinity for COX-1, and subsequently blocks the conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandin precursors. This leads to an inhibition of the formation of prostaglandins that are involved in pain, inflammation and fever. it differs from other salicylates, in that it is not metabolized to salicylic acid, hence it has a longer half-life. 
it, also known as tetrahydro-2-(3-phenylpropyl)-furan or 1-phenyl-3-(tetrahydrofuryl-2)propane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, fruity, and green taste. 
it is a lysine derivative in which the alpha-amino nitrogen of the amino acid has entered into amide formation with hippuric acid. 
Iloprost is a prostacyclin analogue with potential chemopreventive activity. Iloprost binds to the prostacyclin receptor in various target cells, thereby causing vasodilation, inhibition of platelet aggregation, and decreased tumor cell adhesion to endothelium among other effects. Prostacyclin is a naturally occurring eicosanoid with anti-inflammatory, antineoplastic, and anti-metastatic properties. (NCI05) 
2,5-bis(aziridin-1-yl)-1,4-benzoits a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is p-benzoitn which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 are replaced by aziridin-1-yl groups. It has a role as a mutagen and an alkylating agent. It is a member of 1,4-benzoquinones and a member of aziridines. 
One of the CYCLIC PEPTIDES from Streptomyces that is active against gram-positive bacteria. In veterinary medicine, it has been used in mastitis caused by gram-negative organisms and in dermatologic disorders. 
it, also known as photoit, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monocyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing 1 ring in the isoprene chain. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it a is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it a can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a brown or green colored solid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a compound of nickel and chloride in which the ratio of nickel (in the +2 oxidation state) to chloride is 1:2. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker and a hapten. it is a green or yellow colored, crystalline inorganic compound that produces toxic gases upon heating. it is used in electroplating, in nickel catalysts and to absorb ammonia in industrial gas masks. Exposure to this substance can cause severe dermatitis, skin and asthma-like allergies and affects the lungs, kidneys, gastrointestinal tract and neurological system. it is a known carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung and nasal cancers. (NCI05) 
it is the ammonium salt of phosphoric acid (molar ratio 1:1). It has a role as a fertilizer. It contains a dihydrogenphosphate. 
it is a dichlorobiphenyl that is p-dichlorobenzene in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a phenyl group. It is a dichlorobiphenyl and a dichlorobenzene. 
it, also known as pro-air, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroquinolones. Hydroquinolones are compounds containing a hydrogenated quinoline bearing a ketone group. it is a drug which is used for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, procaterol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the formal condensation of it (acid form) with two equivalents of sodium hydroxide. It is an indicator at pH 11.5-14, changing from blue to yellow. It has a role as a food colouring, a histological dye and a two-colour indicator. It contains an it(2-). 
it is a 7-hydroxyflavonol with additional hydroxy groups at positions 3, 3' and 4'. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent, a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a 3'-hydroxyflavonoid, a 7-hydroxyflavonol and a tetrahydroxyflavone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a thiazolidinecarboxamide that is 1,3-thiazolidine-2-carboxamide substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-thiazolidine. 
it is a lignan that consists of buta-1,3-diene substituted by 4-hydroxybenzyl groups at positions 2 and 3. It is isolated from the ground stems of Anogeissus acuminata and exhibits anti-HIV activity by inhibiting HIV-1 reverse transcriptase enzyme. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It is a lignan and a member of phenols. 
Darifenacin is an anticholinergic and antispasmotic agent used to treat urinary incontinence and overactive bladder syndrome. Darifenacin has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
(+)-4, 11-Eudesmadien-3-one, also known as eudesma-4, 11-dien-3-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton (+)-4, 11-Eudesmadien-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (+)-4, 11-eudesmadien-3-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (+)-4, 11-eudesmadien-3-one can be found in root vegetables. This makes (+)-4, 11-eudesmadien-3-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the phosphoramadite analogue of AMP. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C20H22N2O2, isolated from several plant species including Alstonia spatulata, Catharanthus roseus and Vinca major. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a methyl ester, a tertiary amino compound, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
Ciclesonide, also known as alvesco or omnaris, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gluco/mineralocorticoids, progestogins and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure based on a hydroxylated prostane moiety. Ciclesonide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Ciclesonide has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, ciclesonide is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as a clear colorless to yellowish liquid with a fragrant, fruity odor and pungent aromatic taste. Flash point below 73Â°F. Boiling point 205-210Â°F (96-99Â°C). Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used in medicine and to make other chemicals. N-it is a nitrite ester having n-pentyl as the alkyl group. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. 
Delta-Nonyl-valeralactone, also known as it or D-tetradecalactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. Thus, Delta-nonyl-valeralactone is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. Delta-Nonyl-valeralactone exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Delta-nonyl-valeralactone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Delta-Nonyl-valeralactone is a sweet, creamy, and dairy tasting compound that can be found in fats and oils and milk and milk products. This makes Delta-nonyl-valeralactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a beta-bitter acid in which the acyl group is specified as 2-methylbutanoyl. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is 1,3-benzothiazole substituted by a methylnitrilo group, (pyridin-3-yl)methyl group, methyl group, hydroxy group and methyl group at position 2,4,5,6 and 7, respectively. It is a dual inhibitor of 5-lipoxygenase and thromboxane A2 synthetase and exhibits anti-inflammatory properties. The drug was being developed by Eisai (Tokyo, Japan) for the treatment of bowel disease. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug, a uricosuric drug and an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzothiazoles, a member of pyridines, a secondary amino compound and an organic hydroxy compound. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-aspartic acid and three L-valine units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid and a L-valine. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 7,8-dihydro-2H,6H-pyrano[3,2-g]chromen-2-one substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 7 and two methyl groups at position 8. It is isolated from the roots of Angelica gigas and has been found to possess significant inhibitory activity against acetylcholinesterase enzyme (EC 3.1.1.7). It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an analgesic and a metabolite. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a delta-lactone, a secondary alcohol and a cyclic ether. 
it is a synthetic sulfated bis(lactobionic acid amide) derivative and heparin analogue with anticoagulant activity. it is made up of two fully sulfated lactobionic acid moieties with a diamine spacer via two amide bonds. This agent inhibits thrombin by antagonizing heparin cofactor II (HCII) and thus prevents thrombin-induced platelet aggregation. It prolongs clotting time. 
Semisynthetic derivative of harringtonine that acts as a protein synthesis inhibitor and induces APOPTOSIS in tumor cells. It is used in the treatment of MYELOID LEUKEMIA, CHRONIC. 
6-Hydroxy-2-[(3-hydroxyphenyl)methylidene]-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aurone flavonoids. These are flavonoids containing a 2-Benzylidene-1-benzofuran-3-one based core. Aurone flavonoids provide the bright yellow color of some important ornamental flowers, such as snapdragon (Antirrhinum majus). 6-Hydroxy-2-[(3-hydroxyphenyl)methylidene]-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a methyl-branched chain fatty acid that is heptanoic acid substituted by a methyl group at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a methyl-branched fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6-dimethylheptanoate. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine having palmitoyl and glutaroyl groups at positions 1 and 2 respectively. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of N-acetylneuraminic acids that is alpha-neuraminic acid which has acetylated on N-5 and O-9. It derives from an alpha-neuraminic acid. 
it, anhydrous appears as a colorless gas or a liquid. Pungent fishy odor resembling odor of ammonia. The liquid boils at 20.3Â°F hence vaporizes rapidly when unconfined. Vapors are heavier than air and may collect in low-lying areas. Easily ignited under most conditions. Under prolonged exposure to intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used for making pharmaceuticals, insecticides, paint removers, surfactants, rubber chemicals. it is the simplest of the its, consisting of ammonia bearing a single methyl substituent. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a primary aliphatic amine, a one-carbon compound and a member of its. It is a conjugate base of a methylammonium. 
it is a lignan that consists of tetrahydrofuran substituted by a 5-methyl-1,3-benzodioxole group at position 3 and a 3,4,5-trimethoxybenzyl group at position 4 (the 3S,4S stereoisomer). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a member of benzodioxoles, a cyclic acetal, a lignan and a member of methoxybenzenes. 
it is a UDP-amino sugar having alpha-D-kanosamine as the amino sugar component. It derives from an alpha-D-kanosamine. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted by an allyl group at position 4 and methoxy groups at positions 2 and 6 respectively. It is a member of phenols, a dimethoxybenzene and a phenylpropanoid. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-valine and two L-proline units joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-valine and a L-proline. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it, also known as 5-hydroxydecanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in milk and milk products. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless odorless gas. Noncombustible. Heavier than air. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is a colorless, heavy, odorless noble gas element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 54, and atomic weight 131.3. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is bayogenin substituted at the O-3 position by a cellobiosyl residue. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cellobioside, a disaccharide derivative, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a bayogenin. 
20a-Hydroxy cholesterol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cholesterols and derivatives. Cholesterols and derivatives are compounds containing a 3-hydroxylated cholestane core. Thus, 20a-hydroxy cholesterol is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. 20a-Hydroxy cholesterol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 20a-Hydroxy cholesterol has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 20a-hydroxy cholesterol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), mitochondria and cytoplasm. In humans, 20a-hydroxy cholesterol is involved in the steroidogenesis pathway. 20a-Hydroxy cholesterol is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include adrenal hyperplasia type 3 or congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency, 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency (cyp11b1), the apparent mineralocorticoid excess syndrome pathway, and adrenal hyperplasia type 5 or congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 17 Alpha-hydroxylase deficiency. 
A sulfuric acid dimer, formed by disulfide linkage. This compound has been used to prolong coagulation time and as an antidote in cyanide poisoning. 
N,n&#39;-it is a white crystalline solid with a heavy sweet odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a carbodiimide compound having a cyclohexyl substituent on both nitrogen atoms. It has a role as a peptide coupling reagent, an ATP synthase inhibitor and a cross-linking reagent. 
it is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the amino group of alpha-D-kanosamine. It is an organic cation and a primary ammonium ion. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-kanosamine. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a thyroid hormone, an antithyroid drug, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it, an iodophenol, a 2-halophenol, a L-phenylalanine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a synthetic levoisomer of it (T4), similar to the endogenous hormone produced by the thyroid gland. ite is de-iodinated to form triiodothyronine (T3) in the peripheral tissues. T3 enters the cell and binds to nuclear thyroid hormone receptors, and the hormone-receptor complex in turn triggers gene expression and produces proteins required in the regulation of cellular respiration, thermogenesis, cellular growth and differentiation, and metabolism of proteins, carbohydrates and lipids. T4 and T3 also possess cardiac stimulatory effect. 
Psyllium Husk is the husk of the dried ripe seeds of the Plantago psyllium, P. Indica, P. Ovata, and P. Arenaria plants with laxative and cholesterol lowering activities. The husks contain mucilage that swells on exposure to water and provides an indigestible mucilaginous mass in the intestines, thereby causing lubrication, contraction of the smooth muscles of the intestinal walls, and thus stimulating bowel movement. Psyllium husk is rich in soluble fiber and has a cholesterol-lowering effect. 
it is a glucarolactone formed via intramolecular cyclocondensation of the 5-hydroxy and 1-carboxy groups of D-glucaric acid. It is a carbohydrate acid and a glucarolactone. It derives from a D-glucaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a trihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 2', and 4', a methoxy group at position 7, a prenyl group at position 3 and a (1E)-3-methylbut-1-enyl group at position 6. Isolated from Artocarpus heterophyllus and Artocarpus integrifolia, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a monomethoxyflavone and a trihydroxyflavone. 
Tetraisobutyl titanate appears as a dark yellow oily liquid with an alcohol-like odor. Insoluble in water and about the same density as water. May irritate or burn on contact. 
it is a stilbenol that is stilbene in which the phenyl groups are substituted at positions 3, 5, and 4' by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a phytoalexin, an antioxidant and a glioma-associated oncogene inhibitor. It is a stilbenol, a polyphenol and a member of resorcinols. it is a phytoalexin derived from grapes and other food products with antioxidant and potential chemopreventive activities. it induces phase II drug-metabolizing enzymes (anti-initiation activity); mediates anti-inflammatory effects and inhibits cyclooxygenase and hydroperoxidase functions (anti-promotion activity); and induces promyelocytic leukemia cell differentiation (anti-progression activity), thereby exhibiting activities in three major steps of carcinogenesis. This agent may inhibit TNF-induced activation of NF-kappaB in a dose- and time-dependent manner. (NCI05) 
it is a tamoxifen metabolite with both estrogenic and anti-estrogenic effects. it has a higher affinity for the estrogen receptor than tamoxifen, and functions as an antagonist in breast cancer cells. 
Lipoic acid is a heterocyclic thia fatty acid comprising pentanoic acid with a 1,2-dithiolan-3-yl group at the 5-position. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a member of dithiolanes, a heterocyclic fatty acid and a thia fatty acid. It derives from an octanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a lipoate. it is a naturally occurring micronutrient, synthesized in small amounts by plants and animals (including humans), with antioxidant and potential chemopreventive activities. Alpha-lipoic acid acts as a free radical scavenger and assists in repairing oxidative damage and regenerates endogenous antioxidants, including vitamins C and E and glutathione. This agent also promotes glutathione synthesis. In addition, alpha-lipoic acid exerts metal chelating capacities and functions as a cofactor in various mitochondrial enzyme complexes involved in the decarboxylation of alpha-keto acids. 
it is a member of the class of anthracenones that is anthracen-9(10H)-one which carries a methyl group at position 6 and hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3 and 8, respectively. It is an intermediate precursor in the synthesis of hypericin. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is an anthracenone and a member of phenols. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, p-menth-3-en-1-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, p-menth-3-en-1-ol can be found in a number of food items such as tea, citrus, cocoa and cocoa products, and alcoholic beverages. This makes p-menth-3-en-1-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a glycopeptide that is vancomycin lacking the vancoaminyl residue. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a monosaccharide derivative, a cyclic ether, a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a polyphenol, an organochlorine compound and a glycopeptide. It derives from a vancomycin aglycone. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Geosmin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tertiary alcohols. Tertiary alcohols are compounds in which a hydroxy group, -OH, is attached to a saturated carbon atom R3COH (R not H ). Geosmin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, geosmin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Geosmin is a beet, earthy, and fresh tasting compound that can be found in corn. This makes geosmin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2,4-dibromophenyl 2,4,6-tribromophenyl ether is a polybromodiphenyl ether that is diphenyl ether in which the hydrogens at the 2, 4, 6, 2', and 4' positions have been replaced by bromines. 
it is an N-methylglycine that is glycine carrying two N-methyl substituents. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a N-methyl-amino acid and a member of N-methylglycines. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline hacing chloro substituents at the 7- and 8-positions. It is a member of isoquinolines and an organochlorine compound. 
Prolylglycine, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Prolylglycine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Prolylglycine has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
JQ1 is a member of the class of thienotriazolodiazepines that is the tert-butyl ester of [(6S)-4-(4-chlorophenyl)-2,3,9-trimethyl-6H-thieno[3,2-f][1,2,4]triazolo[4,3-a][1,4]diazepin-6-yl]acetic acid. An inhibitor of bromodomain-containing protein 4 that exhibits anti-cancer and cardioprotective properties. It has a role as a bromodomain-containing protein 4 inhibitor, a cardioprotective agent, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a thienotriazolodiazepine, an organochlorine compound, a carboxylic ester and a tert-butyl ester. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Veratrylglycerol beta-guaiacyl ether is a idol that is propane-1,3-diol substituted by a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 1 and a 2-methoxyphenoxy group at position 2 respectively. It is a dimethoxybenzene and a diol. It derives from a veratryl glycerol. 
Propionyl-CoA, also known as propanoyl-coa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Propionyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Propionyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, propionyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm, mitochondria and peroxisome. Propionyl-CoA participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Chenodeoxycholoyl-CoA and propionyl-CoA can be converted into chenodeoxycholoyl-CoA through the action of the enzyme non-specific lipid-transfer protein. In addition, Choloyl-CoA and propionyl-CoA can be biosynthesized from 3a, 7a, 12a-trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA; which is mediated by the enzyme non-specific lipid-transfer protein. In humans, propionyl-CoA is involved in bile acid biosynthesis pathway, congenital bile acid synthesis defect type II pathway, the oxidation OF branched chain fatty acids pathway, and the valproic Acid metabolism pathway. Propionyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the malonic aciduria pathway, 3-methylcrotonyl CoA carboxylase deficiency type I, the refsum disease pathway, and methylmalonate semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency. Propionyl-CoA is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is an orally available cancer cell stemness inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Even though the exact target has yet to be fully elucidated, it appears to target and inhibit multiple pathways involved in cancer cell stemness. This may ultimately inhibit cancer stemness cell (CSC) growth as well as heterogeneous cancer cell growth. CSCs, self-replicating cells that are able to differentiate into heterogeneous cancer cells, appear to be responsible for the malignant growth, recurrence and resistance to conventional chemotherapies. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is resorcinol in which one of the phenolic hydroxy groups has been converted into its acetate ester. It has keratolytic properties and has been used for the treatment of acne. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a dermatologic drug. It is a member of phenols and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a resorcinol. 
it, also known as amygdaloside or laetrile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyanogenic glycosides. These are glycosides in which the aglycone moiety contains a cyanide group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, amygdalin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, amygdalin can be found in a number of food items such as passion fruit, lima bean, peach, and common chokecherry. This makes amygdalin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. it is a cyanogenic glucoside isolated from almonds and seeds of other plants of the family Rosaceae. it is converted by plant emulsin (a combination of a glucosidase and a nitrilase) or hydrochloric acid into benzaldehyde, D-glucose, and hydrocyanic acid. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole substituted by a phenyl group at position 1. It is a member of pyrazoles and a member of benzenes. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-pyrazole. 
it is a leukotriene that is (7E,9E,11Z,14Z)-icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5 (5S) and a L-cysteinylglycinyl group at position 6 (6R). It has a role as a human metabolite, a bronchoconstrictor agent and a mouse metabolite. It is an organic sulfide, a dipeptide and a leukotriene. It derives from an icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining pyridoxal with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a cofactor, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a hydrochloride and a pyridinium salt. It contains a pyridoxal(1+). 
it is an indolizidine alkaloid isolated from the plant Swainsona canescens with three hydroxy substituents at positions 1, 2 and 8. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunological adjuvant, an EC 3.2.1.114 (mannosyl-oligosaccharide 1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. 
N(6)-carboxymethyl-L-lysine is an L-lysine derivative with a carboxymethyl substituent at the N(6)-position. It has a role as an antigen. It is a L-lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as rhoeadine alkaloids. These are alkaloids with a structure based on rhoeadine. They usually contain a benzazepine system fused with a six-membered hemiacetal or acetal. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a dark red to dark purple powder. Almost no odor. Tastes salty. pH (1% solution in water) approximately 10.8. Used to dye wool and silk bright bluish-red from an acid bath. 
(9Z)-heptadecenoic acid is a heptadecenoic acid in which the double bond is located at the 9-10 position and has Z configuration. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a heptadecenoic acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (9Z)-heptadecenoate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3, 5-dithiazinanes. These are cyclic compounds that contain a dithiazinane ring, which is a saturated heterocycle that consisting of one nitrogen atom, two sulfur atoms at the 1-, 3-, and 5- position, respectively. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a triazolobenzothiazole that is [1,2,4]triazolo[3,4-b][1,3]benzothiazole which is substituted at position 5 by a methyl group. A fungicide used for the control of rice blast, it is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a melanin synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a conjugate base of a 5-methyl[1,2,4]triazolo[3,4-b][1,3]benzothiazol-1-ium. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Trospium belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diphenylmethanes. Diphenylmethanes are compounds containing a diphenylmethane moiety, which consists of a methane wherein two hydrogen atoms are replaced by two phenyl groups. Trospium is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Trospium has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, trospium is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Cholesta-5,7-dien-3beta,25-diol is a cholestanoid that is 7-dehydrocholesterol carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 25. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 25-hydroxy steroid, a cholestanoid, a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid and a C27-steroid. It derives from a cholesta-5,7-dien-3beta-ol. 
it is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of it, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion and a 3-hydroxy fatty acid anion. It derives from a hexadecanoate. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
Alpha-Tocopherolquinone, also known as D 178 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. Alpha-Tocopherolquinone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-tocopherolquinone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alpha-tocopherolquinone can be found in anise, barley, brassicas, and spinach. This makes Alpha-tocopherolquinone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is 1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a methylsulfanyl group at position 6 and a tert-buty group at the amino nitrogen atom. It has a role as an antifouling biocide and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and an organic sulfide. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (1R,2S,5S,6S)-2-(3-carboxylatopropanoyl)-5-[(1-carboxylatovinyl)oxy]-6-hydroxycyclohex-3-ene-1-carboxylate. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-propargylglycine which is carrying a hydroxy group at the 3R position. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antibacterial agent, a bacterial metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a terminal acetylenic compound and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from a L-propargylglycine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-threonine and L-histidine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-threonine and a L-histidine. 
it is a trialkyl phosphate in which the alkyl group specified is 2-butoxyethyl. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a flame retardant. 
it is a nitroso compound that is hydrogen sulfide in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a nitroso group. It has a role as a signalling molecule. It is a nitroso compound, a hydracid and an inorganic molecular entity. 
it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a 2-(ethanesulfinyl)ethanol. 
it is a cephalosporin bearing chloro and (R)-2-amino-2-phenylacetamido groups at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a drug allergen. it is the anhydrous form of it, a beta-lactam, second-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
N-(indol-3-ylacetyl)glycine is an N-acylglycine in which the N-acyl group is specified as indol-3-ylacetyl. It is a N-acylglycine and an indoleacetic acid amide conjugate. 
it is an amino acid amide obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-carbamoyl-2,6-dimethyl-L-phenylalanine with the secondary amino group of 2-methoxy-5-({[(1S)-1-(4-phenylimidazol-2-yl)ethyl]amino}methyl)benzoic acid. It has mixed opioid receptor activity and is used for treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhoea. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist, a delta-opioid receptor antagonist, a kappa-opioid receptor agonist and a gastrointestinal drug. It is a member of imidazoles, a methoxybenzoic acid, a member of benzamides, a L-phenylalanine derivative and an amino acid amide. 
it is the (1'R)-(-) enantiomer of abscisic acid, which does not occur naturally. It has a role as a plant hormone. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-abscisic acid. 
it is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the primary hydroxy group of fludrocortisone with acetic acid. A synthetic corticosteroid, it has glucocorticoid actions about 10 times as potent as hydrocortisone, while its mineralocorticoid actions are over 100 times as potent. It is used in partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenal hyperplasia. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, an acetate ester, a mineralocorticoid, a 20-oxo steroid, a fluorinated steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a fludrocortisone. it is the acetate salt of a synthetic fluorinated corticosteroid with antiinflammatory and antiallergic activities. As a glucocorticoid-receptor agonist, fludrocortisone binds to cytoplasmic receptors, translocates to the nucleus, and subsequently initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as lipocortins to inhibit phospholipase A2 (PLA2). Inhibition of PLA2 activity prevents the release of arachidonic acid, a precursor of eicosanoids such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes; eicosanoids are important mediators in the pro-inflammatory response mechanism. As a mineralocorticoid-receptor agonist, this agent stimulates Na+ reabsorption and water retention and K+ and H+ secretion in the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the kidney. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthene substituted by hydroxy group at positions 1 and 7 and an oxo group at position 9. It has been isolated from Cratoxylum cochinchinense. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a metabolite. It is a member of xanthones and a member of phenols. 
it is a anhydrohexose that is the 1,6-anhydro-derivative of beta-D-glucopyranose. It has a role as a human metabolite and a biomarker. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzenoids. These are aromatic compounds containing one or more benzene rings it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Kanamycin B is a member of kanamycins. It is a conjugate base of a kanamycin B(5+). it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces kanamyceticus, with antibacterial activity. it irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. Specifically, this antibiotic is lodged between 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex, misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. 
it is a diester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy groups of glutaric acid with two molecules of ethanol respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glutaric acid. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Colorectal Cancer. it is the alaninate salt of a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Brivanib strongly binds to and inhibits VEGFR2, a tyrosine kinase receptor expressed almost exclusively on vascular endothelial cells; inhibition of VEGFR2 may result in inhibition of tumor angiogenesis, inhibition of tumor cell growth, and tumor regression. 
it is a phosphate salt form of vidarabine, a nucleoside analog with activity against herpes simplex virus and varicella zoster virus. Vidarabine is converted to a monophosphate by viral thymidine kinase and is further modified to a triphosphate form by host enzymes. Vidarabine triphosphate directly inhibits DNA polymerase and also acts as a chain terminator in DNA replication. 
it is a a deoxyketohexose comprising L-tagatose with the hydroxy group at position 6 replaced by hydrogen. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it is the arenesulfonic acid that is benzenesulfonic acid substituted at the ortho position by an amino group and at the para posiion It is a C-nitro compound and an arenesulfonic acid. 
(S)-malic acid is an optically active form of malic acid having (S)-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-malate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-malic acid. 
4-fluoro-d,l-phenylalanine appears as white powder or white shiny flakes. (NTP, 1992) it is a phenylalanine derivative in which the hydrogen at position 4 on the benzene ring is replaced by a fluoro group. It is a phenylalanine derivative, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid that has an tetradecahydro-8,11a-methanocyclohepta[a]naphthalene skeleton with two hydroxymethyl substituents at positions 4 and 9, two methyl substituents at positions 4 and 11b and two hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 9. An antibiotic with antiviral and antimitotical properties. it is a reversible inhibitor of eukaryotic nuclear DNA replication. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiviral drug, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and a fungal metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyisoflavans that is (R)-isoflavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2' and 4' , a 3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl group at position 3' and a 2,2-dimethyl-2H-pyran group across positions 7 and 8 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a (R)-isoflavan. 
it is a organic thiophosphate that is the isobutyl ester of S-[2-(diethylamino)ethyl] O hydrogen methylphosphonothioate. A toxic nerve agent developed by the former Soviet Union. It has a role as a neurotoxin and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is an organic thiophosphate and a tertiary amino compound. 
Ceftizoxime Alapivoxil is the alapivalate ester prodrug form of ceftizoxime, a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. After oral administration of ceftizoxime alapivoxil, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active ceftizoxime. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-benzoxazoles carrying a [(diethoxyphosphorothioyl)sulfanyl]methyl group at the nitrogen atom, an oxo group at position 2 and a chloro group at position 6. It is an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It is an organothiophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide, a carbamate ester and a member of 1,3-benzoxazoles. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of bacampicillin, a prodrug of ampicillin, a broad-spectrum, semisynthetic, beta-lactam aminopenicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Bacampicillin is hydrolyzed in vivo by esterases to its active metabolite ampicillin. Ampicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a cyclitol phosphate that is validoxylamine A carrying a single monophosphate substituent at position 7'. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an amino cyclitol, a cyclitol phosphate and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax ginseng and Panax japonicus var. major that is ginsenoside Rd in which the beta-D-glucopyranoside group at position 20 is replaced by a beta-D-glucopyranosyl-beta-D-glucopyranoside group. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent, an anti-obesity agent, an anti-inflammatory drug, an apoptosis inhibitor, a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. It is a ginsenoside, a glycoside and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a ginsenoside Rd. 
2-amino-4-(3-cyclohexen-1-yl)-7,7-dimethyl-5-oxo-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrochromene-3-carbonitrile is a member of the class of chromenes that is 7,7-dimethyl-5-oxo-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrochromene carrying additional amino, cyano and 3-cyclohexen-1-yl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 4 respectively. It is an enone, an enamine, an aliphatic nitrile, a cyclic ketone and a member of chromenes. 
it is a glycine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-(2,5-dichlorobenzoyl)glycine with the amino group of [(1R)-1-amino-3-methylbutyl]boronic acid. The active metabolite of it citrate, it is used in combination therapy for treatment of multiple myeloma. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an orphan drug, a proteasome inhibitor, a drug metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of benzamides, a dichlorobenzene, a glycine derivative and a member of boronic acids. it is an active metabolite of MLN9708, a second generation, boron containing peptide proteasome inhibitor (PI) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the 20S catalytic core of the proteasome, thereby blocking the targeted proteolysis normally performed by the proteasome, which results in an accumulation of unwanted or misfolded proteins; disruption of various cell signaling pathways may follow, resulting in the induction of apoptosis. Compared to first generation PIs, second generation PIs may have an improved pharmacokinetic profile with increased potency and less toxicity. Proteasomes are large protease complexes that degrade unneeded or damaged proteins that have been ubiquinated. 
it is an anthracycline that is aklavinone having a 3-amino-2,3,6-trideoxy-alpha-L-lyxo-hexopyranosyl residue attached at position 4 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aminoglycoside, a deoxy hexoside, a monosaccharide derivative, an anthracycline antibiotic, a member of tetracenequinones, a methyl ester and a member of p-quinones. It derives from an aklavinone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it appears as yellow crystals or canary yellow powder with a faint to moderate sulfide odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a thiocarboxamide that is pyridine-4-carbothioamide substituted by an ethyl group at position 2. A prodrug that undergoes metabolic activation by conversion to the corresponding S-oxide. It has a role as an antitubercular agent, an antilipemic drug, a fatty acid synthesis inhibitor, a leprostatic drug and a prodrug. It is a member of pyridines and a thiocarboxamide. it is a nicotinamide derivative, with antibacterial activity, used to treat tuberculosis. Although the exact mechanism of action of it is unknown, it may inhibit the synthesis of mycolic acid, a saturated fatty acid found in the bacterial cell wall, thereby inhibiting bacterial cell wall synthesis. This eventually leads to bacterial cell wall disruption and cell lysis. it may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
it appears as white crystalline powder or fluffy white solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a bismuth salt of salicylic acid. It is a member of salicylates and a bismuth coordination entity. it is a bismuth salt of salicylic acid. Little absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract, it exerts a local effect on the gastric mucosa, coating it and protecting it from the corrosive effects of acid and pepsin. This agent also has local antimicrobial properties. (NCI04) 
it is a ring assembly consisting of two 5-amino-4-hydroxy-3-[(2-methoxyphenyl)diazenyl]naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid units joined by a 4,4'-linkage. The tetrasodium salt is the histological dye 'Pontamine sky blue 5B'. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome and a carcinogenic agent. It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols, an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid, an aromatic ether and a ring assembly. It is a conjugate acid of a Pontamine sky blue 5B(4-). 
A pteridine derivative present in body fluids; elevated levels result from immune system activation, malignant disease, allograft rejection, and viral infections. (From Stedman, 26th ed) it also serves as a precursor in the biosynthesis of biopterin. 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid with an acrid odor. Flash point 60Â°F. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. Auto ignition temperature 721Â°F (383Â°C) (NTP). Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make paints and plastics. 
it is the 1-O-phospho derivative of galactitol. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a galactitol derivative, an alditol 1-phosphate and a hexitol phosphate. It derives from a galactitol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
Trinitrobenzene sulfonic acid appears as a detonating explosive substance derived from an organic sulfonic acid. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may explode violently. it is the arenesulfonic acid that is benzenesulfonic acid with three nitro substituents in the 2-, 4- and 6-positions. It has a role as an epitope, an explosive and a reagent. It is a C-nitro compound and an arenesulfonic acid. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having suberoyl (7-carboxyheptanoyl) as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a suberic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at C-5 and C-7 and methoxy groups at C-6, C-3' and C-4' respectively. Isolated from Citrus reticulata and Salvia tomentosa, it exhibits anti-inflammatory, anti-ulcer and antineoplastic activities. It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug, an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a metabolite. It is a trimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. 
it is the tartrate salt form of tolterodine, a benzhydryl compound and a muscarinic receptor antagonist possessing both antimuscarinic and antispasmodic properties. Both tolterodine and its active metabolite, 5-hydroxymethyltolterodine, competitively blocks muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting acetylcholine receptor binding. This antagonistic action results in an increase in residual urine, reflecting an incomplete emptying of the bladder, and a decrease in detrusor pressure, indicating an antimuscarinic action on the lower urinary tract.. The 5-hydroxymethyl metabolite appears to contribute significantly to the therapeutic effects. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-glutamine residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamine. 
it is an orally bioavailable small molecule belonging to the it class of cationic amphiphilic agents with anti-inflammatory, antineoplastic, and antiangiogenic properties. it inhibits the phosphorylation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3), blocking the signalling pathways of interleukin-6 and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and downregulating the anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2, Bcl-XL, and Mcl-1, thereby inhibiting cell proliferation, inducing cell cycle arrest, and inducing apoptosis. 
it is a member of the class of N-acylpiperazines obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-fluoro-5-[(4-oxo-3,4-dihydrophthalazin-1-yl)methyl]benzoic acid with the free amino group of N-(cyclpropylcarbonyl)piperazine; used to treat advanced ovarian cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a N-acylpiperazine, a member of cyclopropanes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a member of phthalazines. it is a small molecule inhibitor of the nuclear enzyme poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) with potential chemosensitizing, radiosensitizing, and antineoplastic activities. it selectively binds to and inhibits PARP, inhibiting PARP-mediated repair of single strand DNA breaks; PARP inhibition may enhance the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents and may reverse tumor cell chemoresistance and radioresistance. PARP catalyzes post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins and can be activated by single-stranded DNA breaks. 
Dimethyltetrasulfide, also known as 2, 3, 4, 5-tetrathiahexane or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sulfenyl compounds. These are organosulfur compounds a sulfenyl group with the general formula RS (R = organyl). Dimethyltetrasulfide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dimethyltetrasulfide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Dimethyltetrasulfide exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Dimethyltetrasulfide is a cabbage, garlic, and meaty tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as soft-necked garlic, mushrooms, garden onion, and shiitake. This makes dimethyltetrasulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of isoindoles that is isoindole in which the amino group has been acylated by a 2,4-dihydroxy-5-isopropylbenzoyl group and in which position 5 of the isoidole moiety has been substituted by a (4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)methyl group. A second-generation Hsp90 inhibitor. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of resorcinols, a member of benzamides, a tertiary carboxamide, a member of isoindoles and a N-alkylpiperazine. it is a synthetic, orally bioavailable, small-molecule inhibitor of heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to Hsp90, thereby inhibiting its chaperone function and promoting the degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins involved in tumor cell proliferation and survival. Hsp90, a chaperone protein upregulated in a variety of tumor cells, regulates the folding, stability and degradation of many oncogenic signaling proteins. 
Aspartic acid is an alpha-amino acid that consists of succinic acid bearing a single alpha-amino substituent It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid, a C4-dicarboxylic acid and a polar amino acid. It contains a carboxymethyl group. It is a conjugate acid of an aspartate(1-) and an aspartate. Aspartic Acid is a non-essential amino acid in humans, Aspartic Acid has an overall negative charge and plays an important role in the synthesis of other amino acids and in the citric acid and urea cycles. Asparagine, arginine, lysine, methionine, isoleucine, and some nucleotides are synthesized from aspartic acid. Aspartic acid also serves as a neurotransmitter. (NCI04) 
it is the 3'-O-methyl ether of tricetin. It has a role as an antioxidant and a metabolite. It is a monomethoxyflavone, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a member of 3'-methoxyflavones. It derives from a tricetin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a pyrroloindole that is 1,2,3,3a,8,8a-hexahydropyrrolo[2,3-b]indole substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 3a and 8 and a hydroxy group at position 5. It is a metabolite of physostigmine and causes neuronal cell death by a mechanism involving loss of cell ATP. It has a role as an opioid analgesic and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a pyrroloindole. 
(Z)-3-(4-iodophenyl)-2-mercaptoacrylic acid is an organoiodine compound that is acrylic acid in which the vinylic hydrogens at positions 2 and 3 are replaced by mercapto and 4-iodophenyl groups respectively (the Z geoisomer). It has a role as a calpain inhibitor and an apoptosis inhibitor. It is an organoiodine compound, a member of cinnamic acids and a thioenol. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
it is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydroazulen-2(1H)-one substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 8, a methyl group at position 3 and an isopropenyl group at position 5. Isolated from the roots of Wikstroemia indica, it exhibits antiinflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid and a primary alcohol. 
it appears as a yellow crystalline solid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used as a corrosion inhibitor and in the manufacture of other chemicals. 
it is a benzoate ester metabolite of cocaine formed by hydrolysis of the methyl ester group, catalysed by carboxylesterases. It has a role as an epitope, a marine xenobiotic metabolite, a plant metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a tropane alkaloid and a benzoate ester. It derives from an ecgonine. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a glutaramic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-oxoglutaramate. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty amides. These are carboxylic acid amide derivatives of fatty acids, that are formed from a fatty acid and an amine. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a C-nitro compound that is 5-nitroimidazole in which the hydrogens at positions 1 and 2 are replaced by 3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl and methyl groups, respectively. It is used in the treatment of susceptible protozoal infections and for the treatment of anaerobic bacterial infections. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug, an antiinfective agent, an antibacterial drug, an antitrichomonal drug and an epitope. It is a member of imidazoles, a C-nitro compound, a secondary alcohol and an organochlorine compound. 
Yellowish to brown liquid or solid, depending on purity and temperature. Used as an acaricide and insecticide. it is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester obtained by formal condensation between 2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid and cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methanol. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide, a pyrethroid ester acaricide and an agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It derives from a 2,2,3,3-tetramethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
it is a ribose monophosphate that is D-ribose substituted at position 1 by a phosphate group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a D-ribose. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a white colored crystalline solid. Soluble in water and more dense than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. it is an inorganic sodium salt composed of sodium and selenite ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a nutraceutical. It is a selenite salt and an inorganic sodium salt. it is an inorganic form of the trace element selenium with potential antineoplastic activity. Selenium, administered in the form of it, is reduced to hydrogen selenide (H2Se) in the presence of glutathione (GSH) and subsequently generates superoxide radicals upon reaction with oxygen. This may inhibit the expression and activity of the transcription factor Sp1; in turn Sp1 down-regulates androgen receptor (AR) expression and blocks AR signaling. Eventually, selenium may induce apoptosis in prostate cancer cells and inhibit tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid that is decanoic acid substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It derives from a decanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxydecanoate. 
Oxacillin sodium is an organic sodium salt. It contains an oxacillin(1-). Oxacillin Sodium Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of the sodium salt of oxacillin, a semisynthetic penicillinase-resistant and acid-stable penicillin with antibacterial activity. Oxacillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it is a dibenzoazepine that is 5,7-dihydro-6H-dibenzo[b,d]azepin-6-one which is substituted at the 7 pro-S position by the C-terminal carboxamide nitrogen of N(2)-[(2S)-2-(3,5-difluorophenyl)-2-hydroxyacetyl]-L-alaninamide. It is a potent, cell permeable and selective gamma-secretase inhibitor. It has been tested as a possible treatment for Alzheimer's disease and shows promise for its potential to counteract severe hearing loss. It has a role as an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor. It is a dibenzoazepine, a difluorobenzene, a lactam and a secondary alcohol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pterocarpans. These are benzo-pyrano-furano-benzene compounds, containing the 6H-[1]benzofuro[3, 2-c]chromene skeleton. They are derivatives of isoflavonoids. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pulses and soy bean. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a bright yellow, crystalline solid with a camphor-like odor. Sublimes 75-77Â°C. Slightly soluble in water. Used as an octane enhancement additive for unleaded gasoline. 
it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-it. A centrally acting reversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, its main therapeutic use is in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease where it is used to increase cortical acetylcholine. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a nootropic agent and an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. It contains a (R)-it and a (S)-it. It is a conjugate base of a it (1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of a piperidine derivative with neurocognitive-enhancing activity. it reversibly inhibits acetylcholinesterase, thereby blocking the hydrolysis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and, consequently, increasing its activity. This agent may improve neurocognitive function in Alzheimer's disease, reduce sedation associated with opioid treatment of cancer pain, and improve neurocognitive function in patients who have received radiation therapy for primary brain tumors or brain metastases. 
it is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a kanamycin A. Kanamycin A Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of kanamycin A, the major component of the kanamycin complex, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces kanamyceticus, with antibacterial activity. 
it is a methylindole that is 1H-indole substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-indole. 
it is a naphthodithiin that is 5,10-dioxo-5,10-dihydronaphtho[2,3-b][1,4]dithiin which is substituted by nitrile groups at positions 2 and 3. It is a broad spectrum fungicide used to control scab, downy mildew, rust, and leaf spot in the commercial growing of grapes and other fruit, citrus, coffee, and vegetables. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a naphthodithiin, a dinitrile and a member of p-quinones. 
it is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of 3-sulfolactaldehyde, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfo group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3-sulfopropanediol. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a mild odor. Primary hazard is to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrates the soil to contaminate groundwater and nearby waterways. 
it is a carboxylic ester that is the methyl ester of (2E)-(methoxyimino){2-[(2-methylphenoxy)methyl]phenyl}acetic acid. A fungicide for the control of scab on apples and pears and other fungal diseases on a wide range of crops. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an oxime O-ether, an aromatic ether, a methyl ester and a methoxyiminoacetate strobilurin antifungal agent. 
it is a tocopherol in which the chroman-6-ol core is substituted by methyl groups at positions 7 and 8. It is found particularly in maize (corn) oil and soya bean (soybean) oils. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a food antioxidant, a food component and an algal metabolite. it is the orally bioavailable gamma form of the naturally-occurring fat-soluble vitamin E, found in certain nuts and seeds, with potential antioxidant activity. Although the exact mechanism of action of this tocopherol has yet to be fully identified, it appears to have the ability to scavenge free radicals, thereby protecting against oxidative damage. 
it is a butane-1,3-diol of R-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-butane-1,3-diol. It derives from a hydride of a butane. 
1-[3-(dimethylamino)propyl]-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran-5-carbonitrile is a nitrile that is 1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran-5-carbonitrile in which one of the hydrogens at position 1 is replaced by a p-fluorophenyl group, while the other is replaced by a 3-(dimethylamino)propyl group. It is a member of 2-benzofurans, a nitrile, an organofluorine compound, a cyclic ether and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a 3-[5-cyano-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran-1-yl]-N,N-dimethylpropan-1-aminium. it is a bicyclic phthalene derivative and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), with antidepressant and anxiolytic activities. it selectively inhibits the neuronal reuptake of the neurotransmitter serotonin (5-HT) in presynaptic cells in the central nervous system, thereby increasing levels of 5-HT within the synaptic cleft and enhancing the actions of serotonin on its receptors. Increased serotonergic neurotransmission results in antidepressive and anxiolytic effects. 
it is a light-tan flaked solid. It is insoluble in water. It is toxic by inhalation, skin absorption and ingestion. It can penetrate intact skin. It is used as an insecticide. it is an organochlorine compound resulting from the epoxidation of the double bond of aldrin. It is the active metabolite of the proinsecticde aldrin. It has a role as a xenobiotic and a carcinogenic agent. It is an organochlorine insecticide, an organochlorine compound and an epoxide. It derives from an aldrin. 
it is a pyrophoric liquid with a garlic-like odor. It is stable when it is shipped in sealed tubes with carbon dioxide. It may decompose violently in water and ignite spontaneously with air. It is toxic by ingestion. If exposed to heat or flame, containers of this material may explode. It is used as an aircraft fuel. 
Bleomycin appears as colorless or yellowish powder. Possible bluish color depending on copper content. (NTP, 1992) Bleomycin A2 is the primary bleomycin species in bleomycin sulfate, a mixture of the sulfate salts of several basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin A2 forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. (NCI04) Bleomycin is a mixture of glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
Insulin that has been modified so that the B-chain contains a LYSINE at position 28 instead of a PROLINE and a PROLINE at position 29 instead of a LYSINE. It is used to manage BLOOD GLUCOSE levels in patients with TYPE 2 DIABETES. 
it is a member of the class of furans that is 5-methyl-2-methylenefuran carrying additional oxo and hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It is a member of furans, an enol, a cyclic ketone and an enone. It is a tautomer of a 2-methyl-5-methylenefuran-3,4-dione. 
An oleanolic acid from GLYCYRRHIZA that has some antiallergic, antibacterial, and antiviral properties. It is used topically for allergic or infectious skin inflammation and orally for its aldosterone effects in electrolyte regulation. 
it is the fumarate salt form of formoterol, a long-acting and selective sympathomimetic beta-receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. it binds beta 2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle and stimulates intracellular adenyl cyclase, thereby increasing the production of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, improve mucociliary clearance and reduce mediator substance release in inflammatory cells, especially from mast cells. (NCI05) 
Ammonium tartrate is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used to manufacture fabrics and in medicine. 
Two small peptide chains removed from the N-terminal segment of the alpha chains of fibrinogen by the action of thrombin during the blood coagulation process. Each peptide chain contains 18 amino acid residues. In vivo, it is used as a marker to determine the rate of conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin by thrombin. 
2', 3'-Dihydro-phytomenadione, also known as 2', 3'-it or 2', 3'-dihydrovitamin K1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as vitamin k compounds. These are quinone lipids containing a methylated naphthoquinone ring structure, and vary in the aliphatic side chain attached at the 3-position. 2', 3'-Dihydro-phytomenadione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2', 3'-dihydro-phytomenadione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2', 3'-dihydro-phytomenadione can be found in a number of food items such as brazil nut, pacific rockfish, canola, and broccoli. This makes 2', 3'-dihydro-phytomenadione a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide obtained by the formal condensation of amino group of L-glutamic 5-semialdehyde with one of the carboxy groups of succinic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide and a glutamic semialdehyde. It derives from a L-glutamic 5-semialdehyde and a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
9-fluoro-2alpha-methylpregn-4-ene-3,11,20-trione is a fluorinated steroid that is pregn-4-ene substituted by a fluoro group at position 2, a methyl group at position 2 and oxo groups at positions 3, 11 and 20. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, an 11-oxo steroid, a 20-oxo steroid and a fluorinated steroid. It derives from a progesterone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it appears as a colorless, mildly acidic volatile liquid. A serious fire hazard. Mildly toxic by ingestion. Emits acrid smoke and fumes when heated to high temperatures. Less dense than water and insoluble in water, but soluble in most organic solvents. Used as an aviation fuel and as an internal standard for nmr analytical instruments. it is an organosilicon compound that is silane in which the hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of ent-tamulosin and hydrogen chloride. It contains an ent-tamsulosin(1+). It is an enantiomer of a tamsulosin hydrochloride. 
it is an organic cation that is phenothiazin-5-ium substituted by amino and dimethylamino groups at positions 3 and 7 respectively. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'azure A'. 
it (also referred to as rifampicin) is a macrocyclic antibiotic with major activity against mycobacteria, commonly used in combination with other agents as therapy of tuberculosis. it is associated with transient and asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase and bilirubin levels and is a well known cause of clinically apparent, acute liver disease that can be severe and even fatal. it is a semisynthetic derivative of rifamycin with broad antibacterial activity. it inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase in susceptible bacteria and is often used in combination with other antibiotics for various infections including tuberculosis. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acylaminobenzoic acid and derivatives. These are derivatives of amino benzoic acid derivatives where the amine group is N-acylated. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fruity and grape taste. 
it is the 16alpha-hydroxy derivative of estrone; a minor estrogen metabolite. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from an estrone. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of pramoxine, a morpholine derivative with local anesthetic property. it decreases the permeability of the neuronal membrane to sodium ions by reversibly binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels. This results in stabilization of the membrane and, thereby inhibiting the ionic fluxes required for membrane depolarization, hence resulting in the failure to initiate a propagated action potential and subsequent conduction blockade. 
it is an organosulfonate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of both sulfonyl groups of it. It has a role as a dye. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is the phenol that is the N-methyl derivative of 4-aminophenol. It has a role as an allergen. It derives from a 4-aminophenol. 
it is an estradiol that is estra-1,3,5(10)-triene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 17 (the 17alpha stereoisomer). It is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3-hydroxy steroid and an estradiol. 
Linalyl acetate is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-linalyl acetate. It forms a principal component of the essential oils from bergamot and lavender. It has a role as a flavouring agent, an antimicrobial agent and a food component. It contains a it and a (S)-linalyl acetate. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate having thymine as the nucleobase. It is a thymidine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an oxonium betaine obtained by deprotonation of the hydroxy group at the 5 position of malvidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a malvidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
it is a colorless liquid with a sweetish odor . (NTP, 1992) it is a methylpyridine that is pyridine substituted by a methyl group at position 3. 
2-it appears as a liquid with a fishlike odor. May be toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Slightly soluble in water. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a valerate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid. 
5-Amino-1-(5-phosphonato-D-ribosyl)imidazol-3-ium belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a pentose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. 5-Amino-1-(5-phosphonato-D-ribosyl)imidazol-3-ium is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a C-nitro compound which consists of a fluorescein skeleton substituted by bromo groups at positions 4 and 5 and nitro groups at positions 2 and 7. It is an organobromine compound, a C-nitro compound, an oxaspiro compound, a member of 2-benzofurans, a member of xanthenes and a lactone. It derives from a fluorescein. It is a conjugate acid of an eosin b(2-). 
it is a sulfonamide antibiotic in which 4-aminobenzenesulfonic acid and 4,5-dimethyl-1,3-oxazol-2-amine have combined to form the sulfonamide bond. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a drug allergen. It is a sulfonamide, an oxazole and a sulfonamide antibiotic. 
it is an orally active prodrug of torcitabine (L-deoxycytidine), a nucleoside analog with activity against hepatitis B virus. Torcitabine is modified in vivo to its triphosphate form and acts as a competitive inhibitor of viral DNA polymerase. 
A beta-lactamase inhibitor with very weak antibacterial action. The compound prevents antibiotic destruction of beta-lactam antibiotics by inhibiting beta-lactamases, thus extending their spectrum activity. Combinations of sulbactam with beta-lactam antibiotics have been used successfully for the therapy of infections caused by organisms resistant to the antibiotic alone. 
it is an alkane that is dodecane substituted by methyl groups at positions 4 and 6. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a dodecane. 
it is an aspartic acid derivative comprising aspartic acid carrying an N-amidino substituent. It is an aspartic acid derivative, a member of guanidines and a dicarboxylic acid. 
Melibiose is a glycosylglucose formed by an alpha-(1->6)-linkage between D-galactose and D-glucose. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an elastin-laminin receptor agonist. 
21-Deoxycortisol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gluco/mineralocorticoids, progestogins and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure based on a hydroxylated prostane moiety. 21-Deoxycortisol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 21-Deoxycortisol has been found in human hepatic tissue, testicle and endocrine gland tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as blood and urine. Within the cell, 21-deoxycortisol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 21-Deoxycortisol participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 21-Deoxycortisol can be converted into 11b-hydroxyprogesterone; which is catalyzed by the enzyme steroid 17-alpha-hydroxylase/17, 20 lyase. In addition, 21-Deoxycortisol can be converted into cortisol through its interaction with the enzyme steroid 21-hydroxylase. In humans, 21-deoxycortisol is involved in the steroidogenesis pathway. 21-Deoxycortisol is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the apparent mineralocorticoid excess syndrome pathway, 21-hydroxylase deficiency (cyp21), corticosterone methyl oxidase I deficiency (cmo I), and corticosterone methyl oxidase II deficiency - cmo II. 
it is a hexanoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexanoic acid (caproic acid) with propan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a propan-1-ol. 
it is an olefinic fatty acid that is (9E)-octadec-9-enoic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 8, 11 and 12. It has been isolated from Allium fistulosum and Ophiopogon japonicus. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is an olefinic fatty acid and a hydroxy monounsaturated fatty acid. 
it is a triglyceride obtained by formal acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by capric (decanoic) acid. It is a triglyceride and a decanoate ester. it is an orally available precursor of decanoic acid (DA), a 10-carbon fatty acid and major component of medium chain triglyceride oils, with potential antiandrogen and antihyperglycemic properties. Upon oral administration, it is hydrolyzed to DA, which binds to and partially activates peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-gamma, as well as PPAR-alpha and PPAR-beta/delta, without inducing adipogenesis. Additionally, it may improve insulin sensitivity and decrease androgen production. 
it, also known as N-isobutyl-acetamide or acetylisobutylamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetamides. These are organic compounds with the general formula RNHC(=O)CH3, where R= organyl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-(2-methylpropyl)acetamide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N-(2-methylpropyl)acetamide can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes N-(2-methylpropyl)acetamide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dichlorobiphenyl that is 1,3-dichlorobenzene in which the hydrogen at position 5 has been replaced by a phenyl group. It is a dichlorobiphenyl and a dichlorobenzene. 
it, also known as cinchonifine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinchona alkaloids. These are alkaloids structurally characterized by the presence of the cinchonan skeleton, which consists of a quinoline linked to an azabicyclo[2. 2. 2]octane moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, hydrocinchonine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, hydrocinchonine can be found in fruits. This makes hydrocinchonine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fruity taste. 
4-Ethyl-1, 2-benzenediol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechols. Catechols are compounds containing a 1, 2-benzenediol moiety. 4-Ethyl-1, 2-benzenediol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-ethyl-1, 2-benzenediol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-1, 2-benzenediol can be found in a number of food items such as coffee, eggplant, green vegetables, and cocoa powder. This makes 4-ethyl-1, 2-benzenediol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
1-monopalmitoylglycerol is a 1-monoglyceride that has palmitoyl as the acyl group. A natural product found in Neolitsea daibuensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an algal metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it, also known as it or met-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a macrolide originally discovered as product of Streptomyces ambofaciens, with antibacterial and antiparasitic activities. Although the specific mechanism of action has not been characterized, it likely inhibits protein synthesis by binding to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This agent also prevents placental transmission of toxoplasmosis presumably through a different mechanism, which has not yet been characterized. 
Ecgonine is a tropane alkaloid that consists of tropane bearing carboxy and hydroxy substituents at positions 2 and 3 respectively and having (1R,2R,3S,5S)-configuration. It is both a metabolite of and a precursor to cocaine. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tropane alkaloid and a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 
it appears as pale yellow or off white colored flakes. Severely irritates skin and eyes. May be toxic by ingestion. it is a monocarboxylic acid that is phenylacetic acid carrying a 4-methoxy substituent. It is used as an intermediate for pharmaceuticals and other organic synthesis. It has been found to inhibit the germination of cress and lettuce seeds. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a plant growth retardant and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it is the N-carbamoyl derivative of sarcosine. It derives from a member of N-methylglycines. It is a conjugate acid of a N-carbamoylsarcosinate. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone having a structure of naringenin prenylated at C-6. It is a trihydroxyflavanone, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. 
1-(2-Furanylmethyl)-1H-pyrrole, also known as 1-(2-furfuryi)pyrrole or 1H-pyrrole, 1-(2-furfuryl), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as substituted pyrroles. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a pyrrole ring substituted at one or more positions. 1-(2-Furanylmethyl)-1H-pyrrole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(2-furanylmethyl)-1H-pyrrole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(2-Furanylmethyl)-1H-pyrrole is a coffee, fruity, and green tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, cereals and cereal products, coffee and coffee products, and nuts. This makes 1-(2-furanylmethyl)-1H-pyrrole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a colorless odorless gas. It is also known as marsh gas or methyl hydride. It is easily ignited. The vapors are lighter than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is used in making other chemicals and as a constituent of the fuel, natural gas. it is a one-carbon compound in which the carbon is attached by single bonds to four hydrogen atoms. It is a colourless, odourless, non-toxic but flammable gas (b.p. -161â„ƒ). It has a role as a fossil fuel, a member of greenhouse gas and a bacterial metabolite. It is a mononuclear parent hydride, a one-carbon compound, a gas molecular entity and an alkane. It is a conjugate acid of a methanide. 
it is a phenanthroline that consists of 1,10-phenanthroline bearing two methyl groups at position 2 and 9 as well as two 4-sulfophenyl groups at positions 4 and 7. It has a role as a chelator. It is a member of phenanthrolines and an arenesulfonic acid. It derives from a hydride of a 1,10-phenanthroline. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-[3,5-bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-2-methylpropanoic acid with the secondary amino group of N-methyl-4-(2-methylphenyl)-6-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)pyridin-3-amine; an antiemetic used in combination with palonosetron hydrochloride (under the trade name Akynzeo) to treat nausea and vomiting in patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy. It has a role as an antiemetic and a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, an organofluorine compound, an aminopyridine, a member of toluenes, a N-alkylpiperazine and a N-arylpiperazine. it is a selective neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptor antagonist with potential antiemetic activity. it competitively binds to and blocks the activity of the human substance P/NK1 receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby inhibiting NK1-receptor binding of the endogenous tachykinin neuropeptide substance P (SP), which may result in the prevention of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV). SP is found in neurons of vagal afferent fibers innervating the brain-stem nucleus tractus solitarii and the area postrema, which contains the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ), and may be elevated in response to chemotherapy. The NK-receptor is a G-protein receptor coupled to the inositol phosphate signal-transduction pathway and is found in both the nucleus tractus solitarii and the area postrema. 
it, also known as tomatidenol or purapuridine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as spirosolanes and derivatives. These are steroidal alkaloids with a structure containing a spirosolane skeleton. Siporosolane is a polycyclic compound that is characterized by a 1-oxa-6-azaspiro[4. 5]decane moiety where the oxolane ring is fused to a docosahydronaphth[2, 1:4', 5']indene ring system. Spirosolane arises from the conversion of a cholestane side-chain into a bicyclic system containing a piperidine and a tetrahydrofuran ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, solasodine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, solasodine can be found in a number of food items such as garden onion, common chokecherry, black salsify, and rocket salad (ssp. ). This makes solasodine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones in which isoflavone is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 5, 7, and 3' positions, and by a methoxy group at the 4' position. It is a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones and a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Octanoyl-CoA, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl coas. These are acyl-CoAs carrying a 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl chain. Octanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Octanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, octanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm and mitochondria. In humans, octanoyl-CoA is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway. Octanoyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include trifunctional protein deficiency, short chain acyl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (scad deficiency), the fatty acid elongation in mitochondria pathway, and long-chain-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (lchad). 
it is a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid that is (1beta)- berbaman which has been substituted by methyl groups at the 2 and 2' positions, by methoxy groups at the 6, 6', and 12 positions, and by a hydroxy group at position 7. Isolated from Stephania tetrandra, it has been found to possess neuroprotective and anti-tumour activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant, an anti-HIV-1 agent, a neuroprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a macrocycle, a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid and an aromatic ether. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that is luteolin substituted by a beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 8. It has a role as an antioxidant and a metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a 3'-hydroxyflavonoid. It derives from a luteolin. 
Picrotoxinin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furopyrans. These are organic polycyclic compounds containing a furan ring fused to a pyran ring. Furan is a five-membered aromatic ring with four carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. Pyran a six-membered heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring, made up of five carbon atoms and one oxygen atom and containing two double bonds. Picrotoxinin is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as (ethenylthio)-benzene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a clear liquid with a mild sweet odor. Sinks in and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a derivative of aniline in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been substituted by fluorine. It is used as a pharmaceutical intermediate It is a primary arylamine and a fluoroaniline. 
it is a a gallocatechin that has (2S,3R)-configuration. It has a role as an antioxidant, a radical scavenger and a metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-gallocatechin. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group of ferulic acid. It is a conjugate base of a ferulic acid. 
it is a soluble beta-D-glucan produced by the Basidiomycetes fungus, Schizophyllum commune Fries, with potential immunomodulating and antitumor activities. Although it's exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent appears to stimulate the immune system by increasing cytokine production, activating macrophages and enhancing the activity of polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PML) and natural killer (NK) cells. 
it is a methylcatechol carrying a methyl substituent at position 3. It is a xenobiotic metabolite produced by some bacteria capable of degrading nitroaromatic compounds present in pesticide-contaminated soil samples. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a benzoate ester that is methyl benzoate substituted by an acetoxy group at position 4. It is a benzoate ester and a member of phenyl acetates. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is urs-12-ene substituted by a carboxy group at position 28, alpha-configured hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 19 and an oxo group at position 3. Isolated from the whole plants of Geum japonicum, it exhibits activity against HIV-1 protease. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV protease inhibitor. It is an oxo monocarboxylic acid, a diol, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 
it is a myo-inositol phosphate(2-) obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of 1D-myo-inositol 5-phosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 1D-myo-inositol 5-phosphate. 
it is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid that is piperidine in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is substituted by a carboxylic acid group. It is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid and a beta-amino acid. 
3'-Carboxy-alpha-chromanol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-benzopyrans. These are organic aromatic compounds that 1-benzopyran, a bicyclic compound made up of a benzene ring fused to a pyran, so that the oxygen atom is at the 1-position. 3'-Carboxy-alpha-chromanol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a salinosporamide in which the core (1R)-6-oxa-2-azabicyclo[3.2.0]heptane-3,7-dione skeleton is substituted at positions 1, 4, and 5 by (1S)-cyclohex-2-en-1-yl(hydroxy)methyl, 2-chloroethyl, and methyl groups, respectively (the 1R,4R,5S diastereoisomer). A potent proteasome inhibitor, it has attracted interest for potential use in the treatment of various cancers. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a proteasome inhibitor. It is a salinosporamide, an organochlorine compound, an organic heterobicyclic compound, a beta-lactone and a gamma-lactam. it is a naturally-occurring salinosporamide, isolated from the marine actinomycete Salinospora tropica, with potential antineoplastic activity. it irreversibly binds to and inhibits the 20S catalytic core subunit of the proteasome by covalently modifying its active site threonine residues; inhibition of ubiquitin-proteasome mediated proteolysis results in an accumulation of poly-ubiquitinated proteins, which may result in the disruption of cellular processes, cell cycle arrest, the induction of apoptosis, and the inhibition of tumor growth and angiogenesis. This agent more may more potent and selective than the proteasome inhibitor bortezomib. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins in which the coumarin ring is substituted at positions 6 and 7 by a 3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl group and a methoxy group, respectively. A natural product found in Citropsis articulata. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anticoagulant. It is a member of coumarins and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 7-demethylit. 
it is the bromide salt of clinidium. It is used for the symptomatic treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowel syndrome. It has a role as a parasympatholytic, an antispasmodic drug and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains a clidinium. It derives from a benzilic acid and a 3-quinuclidinol. 
it is a thiophene substituted at C-2 by benzoyl and at C-4 by an ethyl group. It has a role as an epitope and a photosensitizing agent. It is a member of thiophenes and an aromatic ketone. 
it appears as an odorless yellow-green solid. Sinks in and mixes with water. A hydrate of formula (H2SO4)2.7H2O is also known. 
A coenzyme for a number of oxidative enzymes including NADH DEHYDROGENASE. It is the principal form in which RIBOFLAVIN is found in cells and tissues. 
it is a member of the class of cyclobutadipyrimidines that is hexahydro-1,3,6,8-tetraazabiphenylene-2,4,5,7-tetrone carrying two additional methyl substituents at positions 4a and 4b. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. 
it appears as odorless white or almost white crystals or powder. Odor also reported as a slight butyric odor. Very bitter taste. pH (5% aqueous solution) 4.5-6.5. (NTP, 1992) it is an organosulfonate salt obtained by reaction of pentamidine with two equivalents of 2-hydroxyethylsulfonic acid. It has a role as a trypanocidal drug. It contains a pentamidinium(2+). it is a synthetic amidine derivative, it is an antiprotozoal and antifungal agent that appears to interact with the minor groove of AT-rich DNA regions of the pathogen genome, interfering with DNA replication and function. It is effective in the treatment of trypanosomiasis, leishmaniasis, some fungal infections, and Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia in HIV-infected patients. (NCI04) 
Trospium is an antispasmotic and anticholinergic agent used to treat urinary incontinence and overactive bladder syndrome. Trospium has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
Hydroquinone monomethyl ether appears as pink crystals or white waxy solid. (NTP, 1992) P-methoxyphenol is a member of phenols and a member of methoxybenzenes. It has a role as a metabolite. it is a synthetic derivate of hydroquinone and depigmenting agent. Although the exact mechanism of the depigmenting effects of mequinol remains unclear, it may exert its effect by oxidation of tyrosinase to cytotoxic products in melanocytes. it may also act by competitively inhibiting the formation of melanin precursors. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an ethereal odor. Combustible. Flash point 176Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a member of the class of piperidines that is L-tyrosine in which a hydrogen attached to the amino group is replaced by a butylsulfonyl group and in which the hydrogen attached to the phenolic hydroxy group is replaced by a 4-(piperidin-4-yl)butyl group. It has a role as a fibrin modulating drug, a platelet glycoprotein-IIb/IIIa receptor antagonist and an anticoagulant. It is a member of piperidines, a sulfonamide and a L-tyrosine derivative. it is a non-peptide tyrosine derivative, with anticoagulant activity. Upon administration, it antagonizes fibrinogen binding to the platelet cell surface receptor, glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIA complex, one of the two purinergic receptors activated by ADP. This prevents the GP IIb/IIIa receptor complex-mediated activation of adenylyl cyclase. This results in decreased levels of cAMP, interferes with the platelet membrane function and subsequent platelet-platelet interaction, prevents the release of platelet granule constituents and prolongs bleeding time. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion resulting from the removal of a proton from two of the hydroxy groups of phosphorous acid. It is a phosphite ion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a diit. It is a conjugate acid of a phosphite(3-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stigmastanes and derivatives. These are sterol lipids with a structure based on the stigmastane skeleton, which consists of a cholestane moiety bearing an ethyl group at the carbon atom C24. Thus, it is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a cannabinoid isolated from the plant Cannabis that is a metabolite of tetrahydroit (THC), with potential immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory activities. it preferentially binds to the cannabinoid G-protein coupled receptor CB2, which is mainly expressed on a variety of immune cells, such as T-cells, B-cells, macrophages and dendritic cells. Stimulation of CB2 receptors by it may both trigger apoptosis in these cells and inhibit the production of a variety of cytokines. it exerts minimal affinity for CB1 and has a weak effect on the central nervous system. 
it is the 2-amino derivative of muconic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a muconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-) and a 2-ammoniomuconate(1-). 
it appears as white solid or liquid. Has no odor. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is an organic salt of ammonium (lactic acid neutralized with ammonium hydroxide), topical moisturizing it can be applied as a humectant in ichthyosis vulgaris and xerosis. Available as cream or lotion, this agent moisturizes the skin and breaks up the scales. (NCI04) 
A nucleoside analog with anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) activity. Upon phosphorylation into its 5-triphosphate form, this metabolite inhibits viral RNA chain elongation and viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity. This blocks viral production of HCV RNA and thus viral replication. 
it appears as a yellowish-brown powder (the anhydrous form) or a green crystalline solid (the dihydrate). Noncombustible but hydrogen chloride gas may form when heated in a fire. Corrosive to aluminum. Used to manufacture other chemicals, in dyeing, in printing, in fungicides, as a wood preservative. it is an inorganic chloride of copper in which the metal is in the +2 oxidation state. It has a role as an EC 5.3.3.5 (cholestenol Delta-isomerase) inhibitor. It is an inorganic chloride and a copper molecular entity. It contains a copper(2+). 
it has the formula 1,4-dihydro-2,6-dimethyl-4-(3-nitrophenyl)-3,5-pyridine-dicarboxylic acid methyl 1-(phenylmethyl)-3-piperidinyl ester hydrochloride. It is a synthetic dihydropyridine derivative that has anti-hypertensive and anti-anginal actions. It was originated in Japan by Kyowa Hakko, it is submitted for FDA approval and it is currently available in some Asian countries like India and Japan. 
it is a niacin derivative and nicotinic acid analog with activity as a hypolipidemic agent. it has special application for the treatment of hyperlipidemia in non-insulin-dependent diabetic patients. 
it is a 5-(2-{[2-(2-ethoxyphenoxy)ethyl]amino}propyl)-2-methoxybenzenesulfonamide that has (R)-configuration. A specific alpha1 adrenoceptor antagonist used (generally as its hydrochloride salt, it hydrochloride) in the treatment of prostatic hyperplasia, chronic prostatitis, urinary retention, and help with the passage of kidney stones. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of 2,6-dihydroxybenzoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2,6-dihydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is an octadecadienoic acid containing two E (trans) double bonds at positions 9 and 12. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an octadecadienoic acid and an omega-6 fatty acid. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate having xanthosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a xanthosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a steroid saponin that is sitosterol attached to a 6-O-hexadecanoyl-beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has been isolated from Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a fatty acid ester, a steroid saponin, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a sitosterol. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
it is phenylacetylglycine hydroxylated at the phenyl C-4 position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a monocarboxylic acid and a N-acylglycine. It derives from a phenylacetylglycine. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is 4-hydroxybenzoic acid substituted by a methoxy group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid and a methoxybenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a vanillate. 
Cefodizime Sodium is the sodium salt form of cefodizime, a third-generation, aminothiazolyl cephalosporin for parenteral use. Cefodizime has broad-spectrum activity and is stable to most beta-lactamases. 
it is an analog of fentanyl and is one of the most potent opioids available today. It displays most similarity to carfentanil (4-carbomethoxyfentanyl) and is considered to be slightly more potent than this drug. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Malignancies, Post-Polycythaemia Vera, Primary Myelofibrosis (PMF), and Essential Thrombocythaemia Myelofibrosis. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-6-deoxy-L-mannose as the sugar portion. It derives from a dTDP-L-mannose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an N-[2-methoxy-5-({[2-(2,4,6-trimethoxyphenyl)ethenyl]sulfonyl}methyl)phenyl]glycine in which the double bond has E-configuration. It is a non-ATP-competitive inhibitor of PLK1 with an IC50 of 9 nM and exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as a microtubule-destabilising agent, an EC 2.7.11.21 (polo kinase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a synthetic benzyl styryl sulfone analogue and Ras mimetic, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it targets and binds to Ras-binding domain (RBD) found in many Ras effector proteins, including Raf kinase and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K). This prevents Ras from binding to its targets and inhibits Ras-mediated signaling pathways, including Ras/Raf/Erk, Ras/CRAF/polo-like kinase1 (Plk1), and Ras/ PI3K/Akt signaling pathways. This induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis and inhibits proliferation in a variety of susceptible tumor cells. 
it is the tromethamine salt of the (15S)-15 methyl analogue of naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha (PGF2 alpha) with oxytocic activity. Mimicking endogenous PGF2 alpha, carboprost activates prostaglandin F receptor, a G-protein coupled receptor, on smooth muscle cells, thereby resulting in smooth muscle contractions. When administered intramuscularly on gravid subjects, this agent induces myometrium contractions, thereby initiating luteolysis and consequently parturition. Furthermore, carboprost's action on vascular smooth muscle and gastrointestinal tract sphincters leads to raised blood pressure and induces vomiting or diarrhea, respectively. 
4-{[4-(diethylamino)phenyl](2, 4-disulfophenyl)methylene}-N, N-diethyl-2, 5-cyclohexadien-1-iminium belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diphenylmethanes. Diphenylmethanes are compounds containing a diphenylmethane moiety, which consists of a methane wherein two hydrogen atoms are replaced by two phenyl groups. 4-{[4-(diethylamino)phenyl](2, 4-disulfophenyl)methylene}-N, N-diethyl-2, 5-cyclohexadien-1-iminium is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-{[4-(diethylamino)phenyl](2, 4-disulfophenyl)methylene}-N, N-diethyl-2, 5-cyclohexadien-1-iminium is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a peptide antibiotic that is vancomycin lacking the disaccharide moiety. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a peptide antibiotic, a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a cyclic ether and a polyphenol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is coumarin in which the hydrogen at position 3 is replaced by an acetyl group. 
it is a white to pale yellow crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is noncombustible, but it will accelerate the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities of the material are involved or the material is finely divided, an explosion may result. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. It is used in chemical analysis. 
it is a member of the class of dithiocarbamic acids that is dimethylcarbamic acid in which both of the oxygens are replaced by sulfur. It is a conjugate acid of a dimethyldithiocarbamate. 
it is an ethanolamine compound having a (4-carbamoylmethylphenoxy)methyl group at the 1-position and an N-isopropyl substituent. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an anti-arrhythmia drug, an antihypertensive agent, a sympatholytic agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a member of ethanolamines, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a propanolamine. it is a synthetic isopropylamino-propanol derivative used as an antihypertensive, hypotensive and antiarrhythmic it acts as a peripheral, cardioselective beta blocker specific for beta-1 adrenergic receptors, without intrinsic sympathomimetic effects. It reduces exercise heart rates and delays atrioventricular conduction, with overall oxygen requirements decreasing. (NCI04) 
it is a germacranolide derived from laurenobiolide by deacetylation. It has a role as an allergen and a metabolite. It derives from a laurenobiolide. 
it is an analogue of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin and exhibits activity against some doxorubicin-resistant cell lines. (NCI04) 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point below 141Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a beta-hydroxy ketone formed by hydroxylation of 4-methylpentan-2-one at the 4-position. It has been isolated from Achnatherum robustum. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is the open-chain aldehyhde form of L-arabinose. It is a L-arabinose and an aldehydo-arabinose. It is an enantiomer of an aldehydo-D-arabinose. 
Tryptophan is an alpha-amino acid that is alanine bearing an indol-3-yl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid, an aminoalkylindole, a polar amino acid and an aromatic amino acid. It contains a 1H-indol-3-ylmethyl group. It is a conjugate base of a tryptophanium. It is a conjugate acid of a tryptophanate. It is a tautomer of a tryptophan zwitterion. 
it is a dual action selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist and mast cell stabilizer with anti-allergic activity. it stabilizes mast cells and prevents histamine release from mast cells. In addition, this agent also blocks histamine H1 receptors, thereby preventing histamine from binding to these receptors. Both actions prevent the effects of histamine on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal (GI) smooth muscle, including histamine-induced vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of GI smooth muscle. This drug also prevents histamine-induced pain and itching of mucous membranes. 
it is an orally available prodrug of ribavirin, a synthetic nucleoside analog of ribofuranose with activity against a wide range of viruses, especially the hepatitis C virus and influenza virus. it is converted into ribavirin, which is incorporated into viral nucleic acid, thereby inhibiting viral RNA synthesis, inducing viral genome mutations, and inhibiting normal viral replication. 
it is an aldehydo-N-acyl-D-mannosamine 6-phosphate that has acetyl as the acyl group. It derives from an aldehydo-D-mannosamine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-D-mannosamine 6-phosphate(2-). 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of ricinoleic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a hydroxy fatty acid anion, a long-chain fatty acid anion and a monounsaturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a ricinoleic acid. 
A phenothiazine with pharmacological activity similar to that of both CHLORPROMAZINE and PROMETHAZINE. It has the histamine-antagonist properties of the antihistamines together with CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM effects resembling those of chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p604) 
it is a cyclohexanone that is cyclohexane-1,3-dione substituted at position 2 by a 2-nitro-4-(trifluoromethyl)benzoyl group. It is used in the treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia type 1. It has a role as an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor. It is a member of cyclohexanones, a C-nitro compound, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a mesotrione. 
An antibiotic mixture of two components, A and B, obtained from Nocardia lurida (or the same substance produced by any other means). It is no longer used clinically because of its toxicity. It causes platelet agglutination and blood coagulation and is used to assay those functions in vitro. 
A trihydroxy bile salt that is used as a digestive aid in dietary supplements. It is used in culture media and in conjunction with PAPAIN and PANCREATIN. 
it has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Endometriosis, Folliculogenesis, Uterine Fibroids, Heavy Uterine Bleeding, and Heavy Menstrual Bleeding. As of 24 July 2018, however, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved AbbVie's it under the brand name Orilissa as the first and only oral gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) antagonist specifically developed for women with moderate to severe endometriosis pain.  It has been determined that endometriosis is one of the most common gynecologic disorders in the United States. In particular, estimates suggest that one in ten women of reproductive age is affected by endometriosis and experience debilitating pain symptoms. Moreover, women who are affected by this condition can suffer for up to six to ten years and visit multiple physicians before receiving a proper diagnosis. Subsequently, as Orilissa (it) was approved by the FDA under priority review, this expedited new approval gives healthcare professionals another valuable option for treating the potentially unmet needs of women who are affected by endometriosis, depending on their specific type and severity of endometriosis pain. it is an orally bioavailable, second-generation, non-peptide based, small molecule compound and selective gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH; LHRH) receptor antagonist, with potential hormone production inhibitory activity. Upon oral administration, it competes with GnRH for receptor binding and inhibits GnRH receptor signaling in the anterior pituitary gland. This inhibits the secretion of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). In males, the inhibition of LH secretion prevents the release of testosterone. In women, inhibition of FSH and LH prevents the production of estrogen by the ovaries. Inhibition of GnRH signaling may treat or prevent symptoms of sex hormone-dependent disease states. 
it is a yellow, waxy solid with a pleasant piney odor. Used as an insecticide, primarily for cotton and early growth stages of vegetables. Also peas, soybeans, peanut, corn, and wheat. Not produced commercially in the U.S. since 1982. Only registered for scabies control on cattle in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is an acetate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of 3-(methylsulfanyl)propan-1-ol with acetic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an acetate ester and a methyl sulfide. It derives from a 3-methylthiopropanol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthols and derivatives. These are naphthalene derivatives carrying one or more hydroxyl (-OH) groups at any ring position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an N-acylpyrrolidine arising by formal condensation of pyrrolidine with (3S)-3-methyl-4-(morpholin-4-yl)-2,2-diphenylbutanoic acid. An opioid analgesic that is structurally related to methadone, it is more poweful than morphine but shorter acting. It has been used (particularly as the hydrogen tartrate salt) for the treatment of severe pain, but was discontinued in the UK in 2004. It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It is a member of morpholines and a N-acylpyrrolidine. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of phthalimidoacetic acid with the phenolic hydroxy group of 4-nitrophenol. It is a C-nitro compound, a carboxylic ester and a member of phthalimides. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol, a glycine and a phthalimide. 
it is an L-tryptophan derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-tryptophan with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-tryptophan derivative. 
it is an oral nucleoside analogue and potent inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) RNA polymerase that is used in combination with other antiviral agents to treat chronic hepatitis C. Elevations in serum enzyme levels during it therapy are uncommon, and it has not been implicated convincingly in cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. Nevertheless, and for unknown reasons, successful antiviral therapy of hepatitis C with it and other direct acting agents in patients with cirrhosis is occasionally complicated by hepatic decompensation; furthermore, treatment can cause reactivation of hepatitis B in susceptible patients coinfected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV). it is an orally available nucleotide prodrug and a hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5B polymerase inhibitor with potential HCV inhibiting activity. Upon oral administration, it is metabolized to 2'-deoxy-2'-alpha-fluoro-beta-C-methyluridine-5'-monophosphate, which is then converted into the active triphosphate nucleotide that inhibits the NS5B polymerase, thereby preventing viral replication. The HCV NS5B protein, an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, is essential for the replication of the viral HCV RNA genome. 
it is the maleate salt form of fitamine, a 2-aminoethyl oxime ether of aralkylketones, with antidepressant, antiobsessive-compulsive, and antibulimic activities. Fitamine blocks serotonin reuptake by inhibiting the serotonin reuptake pump of the presynaptic neuronal membrane leading to an increase of serotonin levels within the synaptic cleft. This results in facilitated serotonergic transmission and decreased serotonin turnover leading to antidepressant and antiobsessive-compulsive effects. 
it is an enal that is (2E,6Z)-nona-2,6-diene substituted by an oxo group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enal and a trans-2,3-unsaturated fatty aldehyde. 
Formoterol Fumarate is the fumarate salt form of formoterol, a long-acting and selective sympathomimetic beta-receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. Formoterol fumarate binds beta 2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle and stimulates intracellular adenyl cyclase, thereby increasing the production of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, improve mucociliary clearance and reduce mediator substance release in inflammatory cells, especially from mast cells. (NCI05) 
it is an imide derivative of naphthalic acid. it intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, resulting in protein-associated strand breaks and impaired DNA and RNA synthesis. 
it is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is henicosane in which a hydrogen attached to one of the terminal carbons is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Siegesbeckia orientalis and from an Italian bread wheat variety, Pegaso, and its 11 near-isogenic lines. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a henicosane. 
it is a dipeptide formed from glycyl and L-glutamic acid residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of triazoles, it is 1,2,4-triazole substituted by a 4-carboxyphenyl group at position 1 and by 2-hydroxyphenyl groups at positions 3 and 5. An orally active iron chelator, it is used to manage chronic iron overload in patients receiving long-term blood transfusions. It has a role as an iron chelator. It is a member of triazoles, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of benzoic acids and a member of phenols. It derives from a 2,2'-(1-phenyl-1H-1,2,4-triazole-3,5-diyl)diphenol. it is a synthetic, orally bioavailable, achiral, tridentate triazole derived from salicylic acid with iron-chelating activity. it chelates iron at a 2:1 (ligand:iron) ratio. Because of its oral availability and long plasma half-life, this agent may be superior to desferrioxamine (desferal, DFO), which is orally inactive and has a short plasma half-life. 
it is a thiocarboxamide consiting of acetamide having the oxygen replaced by sulfur. It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent. It derives from an acetamide. it is a synthetic, colorless crystalline solid that is soluble in water and ethanol. it is currently only used as a replacement for hydrogen sulfide in qualitative analysis. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides and sulfur oxides. The primary routes of potential human exposure to it are inhalation and dermal contact. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a vinylaziridine that consists of aziridine having a single vinyl group located at position 1. It is a vinylaziridine and a member of its. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is 3,4-dihydroquinazolin-2-one which is substituted at positions 1, 4, and 6 by acetyl, pyridin-3-ylmethyl, and perfluoroisopropyl groups, respectively. An insecticide used to control sucking and chewing pests by disturbing their coordination and ability to feed. It has a role as an insecticide, a TRPV channel modulator and an agrochemical. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of pyridines, a member of acetamides and an organofluorine compound. 
it is the acetate salt form of estradiol, the most potent, naturally produced estrogen. it diffuses through the cell membrane and binds to and subsequently activates the nuclear estrogen receptor found in the reproductive tract, breast, pituitary, hypothalamus, liver, and bone. The activated complex binds to the estrogen response element on the DNA and activates the transcription of genes involved in the functioning of the female reproductive system and secondary sex characteristics. 
it, also known as furan, 2-hexanoyl or tos-phe-CH2CL, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a sweet, apricot, and fruity taste. 
Sodium aluminum fluoride appears as an odorless white solid or powder. mp: 1291Â°C. Density: 2.95 g/cm3. Dust irritates the eyes and skin; inhaled dust irritates the nose, mouth and lungs. Insoluble in water. Synthesized by fusion of sodium fluoride and aluminum fluoride as a electrolyte in the reduction of alumina to aluminum metal. Occurs in nature as the mineral it. Aqueous suspensions of powdered sodium aluminum fluoride are used as insecticides. Triit is an inorganic sodium salt and a perfluorometallate salt. It contains a hexafluoroaluminate(3-). 
it is a nitroso compound that is N-acetyl-D-penicillamine in which the sulfanyl hydrogen is replaced by a nitroso group. It has a role as a nitric oxide donor and a vasodilator agent. It is a nitroso compound and a nitrosothio compound. It derives from a N-acetyl-D-penicillamine. 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax ginseng and Panax japonicus var. major that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 6alpha, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy group at position 6 has been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranoside, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucoside, a disaccharide derivative, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a 20-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
Nicethamid appears as clear light yellow viscous liquid or crystalline solid. Slightly bitter taste followed by a faint sensation of the warmth. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-leucine and L-serine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-serine. 
it appears as a thin, oily straw colored liquid with a fishlike odor. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a butyrate ester resulting from the formal condensation of butanoic acid with isobutanol. It is used as a food flavour ingredient for apple, banana, peach and pinapple flavours in ice cream and confectionery. It has a role as a metabolite and a flavouring agent. It derives from an isobutanol. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of SN-38 carboxylic acid, obtained from the deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a SN-38 carboxylic acid. 
it appears as colorless or pale yellow liquid with a foul odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a member of its and a monocyclic heteroarene. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that consists of benzene substituted by carboxy groups at positions 1, 3 and 5. It is a tricarboxylic acid and a member of benzoic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a benzene-1,3,5-tricarboxylate(1-). 
Indolesulfonic acid used as a dye in renal function testing for the detection of nitrates and chlorates, and in the testing of milk. 
Dimethyl hexadecanamine appears as a clear yellow colored liquid with a fishlike odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
L-it zwitterion is a it zwitterion. It is a conjugate base of a L-cysteinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-cysteinate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a L-it. 
it is a polynucleotide comprised of guanosine units connected via 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. It contains a GMP 3'-end residue, a GMP 5'-end residue and a guanosine 5'-monophosphate residue. 
it is an N-acylpiperidine that is piperidine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by an acetyl group. It is a N-acylpiperidine and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a tetrapeptide comprising N-(tert-butoxycarbonyl)-6-diazo-5-oxo-L-norleucyl, L-glutaminyl, L-isoleucyl and methyl L-valinate residues coupled in sequence. It has a role as an EC 2.3.2.13 (protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a tetrapeptide, a diazo compound, a methyl ester and a carbamate ester. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is 7-hydroxyisoflavone which is substituted by an additional hydroxy group at the 3' position and a methoxy group at the 4' position. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones and a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from an isoflavone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is (24S)-methyl-9beta,19-cyclolanost-25-ene which carries a hydroxy group at position 3beta. It is isolated from several plant species inclduing Turraeanthus and Tillandsia. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a cycloartane. 
it is an aromatic amide that consists of benzene bearing a single carboxamido substituent. The parent of the class of its. 
it is a oxazolidinone that is 1,2-oxazolidin-3-one substituted by a 2-chlorobenzyl group at position 2 and two methyl groups at position 4. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide, an agrochemical and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and an oxazolidinone. 
it is the furanose form of 2-deoxy-D-ribose 5-phosphate. It derives from a D-ribose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a propane-1,2-diol. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-propane-1,2-diol. 
it is a carbocyclic fatty acid composed of heptanoic acid having a (1S,2S)-2-octylcyclopentyl substituent at position 7. It is a saturated fatty acid, a carbocyclic fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. 
it, also known as fema 2983, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a ketolide, a novel form of macrolide antibiotic that is recommended for treatment of community acquired pneumonia. it was approved for use in the United States in 2004 and subsequently linked to several cases of severe drug induced liver injury. 
it is a C21-steroid hormone that is 1,4-pregnadiene-3,20-dione carrying four hydroxy substituents at positions 11beta, 16alpha, 17alpha and 21 as well as a fluoro substituent at position 9. Used in the form of its 16,17-acetonide to treat various skin infections. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent and an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a fluorinated steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid, a C21-steroid hormone, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. Upon cell entry, it binds to and activates the glucocorticoid receptor, which leads to translocation of the ligand-receptor complex to the nucleus and induces expression of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both mediators of inflammation. In addition, pro-inflammatory cytokine production, including interleukin (IL)-1and IL-6, and the activation of cytotoxic T-lymphocytes is also inhibited. T-cells are prevented from making IL-2 and proliferating. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis through increasing Ikappa-B expression and curtailing activation of nuclear factor (NF)kappa-B. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6, 7 and 8 and hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 4'. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a trimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is an androstanoid that is testosterone carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at the 11beta-position. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, an androstanoid, a C19-steroid and an 11beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a testosterone. 
A 36-amino acid peptide produced by the L cells of the distal small intestine and colon. it inhibits gastric and pancreatic secretion. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00038038 (Assessment of Head and Neck Tumor Hypoxia Using 18F-Fluoroit). it is a nitroimidazole with radiosensitizing and antineoplastic properties. Exhibiting high electron affinity, it induces the formation of free radicals and depletes radioprotective thiols, thereby sensitizing hypoxic cells to the cytotoxic effects of ionizing radiation. This single-strand breaks in DNA induced by this agent result in the inhibition of DNA synthesis. (NCI04) 
it, also known as NSC 349438 or (+-)-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
3, 5-Diethyl-2-methylpyrazine, also known as fema 3916, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 3, 5-Diethyl-2-methylpyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). 3, 5-Diethyl-2-methylpyrazine has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3, 5-diethyl-2-methylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3, 5-Diethyl-2-methylpyrazine is a baked, meaty, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products, herbs and spices, potato, and tea. This makes 3, 5-diethyl-2-methylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the sodium salt of the trans-isomer of the carotenoid crocetin with potential antihypoxic and radiosensitizing activities. it (TSC) increases the diffusion rate of oxygen in aqueous solutions such as from plasma to body tissue. The agent has been shown to increase available oxygen during hypoxic and ischemic conditions that may occur in hemorrhage, vascular and neurological disorders, and in the tumor microenvionment. 
it is an acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of formic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a formic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
4-Acetyl-6-tert-butyl-1, 1-dimethylindane, also known as it or chrysolide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indanes. Indanes are compounds containing an indane moiety, which consists of a cyclopentane fused to a benzene ring. 4-Acetyl-6-tert-butyl-1, 1-dimethylindane exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 4-acetyl-6-tert-butyl-1, 1-dimethylindane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Acetyl-6-tert-butyl-1, 1-dimethylindane has an ambergris, animal, and cedar taste. 4-Acetyl-6-tert-butyl-1, 1-dimethylindane is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a white lustrous crystalline solid. Used as a source of pure zirconium, as a tanning agent, in analytical chemistry and in treating textiles. it is decomposed by water. Corrosive to metals in the presence of moisture and to tissue. it is a zirconium coordination entity comprising four chlorine atoms bound to a central zirconium atom. It has a role as a catalyst. It is a zirconium coordination entity and an inorganic chloride. 
(2R,2(1)S)-8-ethenyl-2(1),2(2)-bis(methoxycarbonyl)-17-(3-methoxy-3-oxopropyl)-2,7,12,18-tetramethyl-2,2(1)-dihydrobenzo[b]porphyrin-13-propanoic acid is the 2(1),2(2),17-trimethyl ester of (2R,2(1)S)-2(1),2(2)-dicarboxy-8-ethenyl-2,7,12,18-tetramethyl-2,2(1)-dihydrobenzo[b]porphyrin-13,17-dipropanoic acid. It is a beta-substituted porphyrin, a carboxylic acid and a methyl ester. It derives from a (2R,2(1)S)-2(1),2(2)-dicarboxy-8-ethenyl-2,7,12,18-tetramethyl-2,2(1)-dihydrobenzo[b]porphyrin-13,17-dipropanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,2(1)R)-8-ethenyl-2(1),2(2)-bis(methoxycarbonyl)-17-(3-methoxy-3-oxopropyl)-2,7,12,18-tetramethyl-2,2(1)-dihydrobenzo[b]porphyrin-13-propanoic acid. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid carrying additional hydroxy and (naphthalen-1-yl)diazenylsubstituents at positions 7 and 8 respectively. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'acid red 44'. It is an azo compound, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of naphthols. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-hydroxy-8-[(naphthalen-1-yl)diazenyl]naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is valeric acid carrying oxo- and methyl substituents at C-2 and C-3, respectively. An alpha-keto acid analogue and metabolite of isoleucine in man, animals and bacteria. Used as a clinical marker for maple syrup urine disease (MSUD). It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-methyl-2-oxovalerate. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C21H24N2O3, isolated from several Rauvolfia and Catharanthus species. It is a selective alpha1-adrenoceptor antagonist used for the treatment of high blood pressure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist and a vasodilator agent. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is an anthocyanin cation consisting of pelargonidin having a 6-O-malonyl-beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at the 3-hydroxy position. It is an anthocyanin cation and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a pelargonidin. 
it is the S- (more active) enantiomer of ketamine. It has a role as an analgesic, a NMDA receptor antagonist and an intravenous anaesthetic. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-ketamine. 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-ethoxy-6-pentadecylbenzoic acid with one of the amino groups of 4-chloro-3-(trifluoromethyl)aniline. It has a role as a histone acetyltransferase activator. It is a member of benzamides, an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an organofluorine compound. 
L-Agaritine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glutamine and derivatives. Glutamine and derivatives are compounds containing glutamine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of glutamine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. L-Agaritine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, L-agaritine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, L-agaritine can be found in mushrooms. This makes L-agaritine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a sodium salt form of suramin, a polysulphonated naphthylurea with potential antineoplastic activity. Suramin blocks the binding of various growth factors, including insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I), epidermal growth factor (EGF), platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF), and tumor growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), to their receptors, thereby inhibiting endothelial cell proliferation and migration. This agent also inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)- and basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF)-induced angiogenesis; retroviral reverse transcriptase; uncoupling of G-proteins from receptors; topoisomerases; cellular folate transport; and steroidogenesis. 
Cis-it is an it that has (Z)-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a pheromone. It is a monoterpenoid and an it. 
it is a benzene-derived hexacarboxylic acid in which each carbon of benzene carries a carboxy substituent. It is a conjugate acid of a it hexaanion. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Boiling point 239Â°C. Flash point 63Â°F. Density 0.991 g / cm3 --- may float or sink in water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a member of the class of naphthalenes that is naproxen in which the methoxy group has been replaced by a sulfooxy group. It has a role as a drug metabolite and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of naphthalenes and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a naproxen. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. 
it is a synthetic pyridinyl bisphosphonate with anti-resorptive activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, it likely binds to hydroxyapatite crystals in the bone matrix and inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, an enzyme that plays an important role in the mevalonate pathway. This inhibits the formation of isoprenoid metabolites that are substrates for protein prenylation. This prevents farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of proteins essential for osteoclast function, leading to the induction of apoptosis and eventually, osteoclast-cell death. By preventing osteoclast-mediated bone resorption, it decreases bone turnover and stabilizes the bone matrix. 
it is a dichlorobiphenyl that is 1,3-dichlorobenzene in which the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a phenyl group. It is a dichlorobiphenyl and a dichlorobenzene. 
Solids containing varying amounts of it, probably as parait (polymers of formula HO(CH2O)xH where x averages about 30). A hazard to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. it is an aldehyde resulting from the formal oxidation of methanol. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an allergen, an EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitor, a disinfectant, an environmental contaminant, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a one-carbon compound and an aldehyde. it is a colorless poisonous gas synthesized by the oxidation of methanol and used as an antiseptic, disinfectant, histologic fixative, and general-purpose chemical reagent for laboratory applications. it is readily soluble in water and is commonly distributed as a 37% solution in water; it, a 10% solution of it in water, is used as a disinfectant and to preserve biological specimens. Environmentally, it may be found in the atmosphere, smoke from fires, automobile exhaust and cigarette smoke. Small amounts are produced during normal metabolic processes in most organisms, including humans. 
it, also known as a-I dipeptide or ala-ile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. 
3-(3, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-(3, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-(3, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid can be converted into caffeoyl-CoA and alkyl caffeate ester. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazolin-4-one substituted at positions 2 and 3 by methyl and o-tolyl groups respectively. A depressant that increases the activity of the GABA receptors in the brain and nervous system, it is used as a sedative and hypnotic medication. It became popular as a recreational drug and club drug in the late 1960s and 1970s. It has a role as a GABA agonist and a sedative. it is a sedative, hypnotic agent that was used for insomnia, but was taken off of the market, in the U.S., in 1983 due to its high risk of abuse.(NCI) 
12, 14-Nonacosanedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. 12, 14-Nonacosanedione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 12, 14-nonacosanedione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 12, 14-nonacosanedione can be found in fats and oils. This makes 12, 14-nonacosanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the mesylate salt of obatoclax, a synthetic small-molecule inhibitor of the bcl-2 family of proteins with potential pro-apoptotic and antineoplastic activities. Obatoclax binds to members of the Bcl-2 protein family, preventing the binding of these anti-apoptotic proteins to the pro-apoptotic proteins Bax and Bak and so promoting the activation of the apoptotic pathway in Bcl-2-overexpressing cells. The Bcl-2 family of proteins (bcl-2, bcl-xl, bcl-w, and Mcl-1) are overexpressed in a wide variety of cancers, including those of the lymphatic system, breast, lung, prostate, and colon. 
it is an orally bioavailable small-molecule inhibitor of MEK1 and MEK2 (MEK1/2) with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits the activity of MEK1/2, preventing the activation of MEK1/2-dependent effector proteins and transcription factors, which may result in the inhibition of growth factor-mediated cell signaling and tumor cell proliferation. MEK1/2 (MAP2K1/K2) are dual-specificity threonine/tyrosine kinases that play key roles in the activation of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK pathway and are often upregulated in a variety of tumor cell types. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Density 0.937 g / cm3 (Lancaster) and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. May release toxic vapors when burned. 
it is a new drug that lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), decreases triglycerides, and raises high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). it is a dialkyl ether dicarboxylic acid with antihyperlipidemic activity. In animal models it increased high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels and increased HDL particle size. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, trigylcerides, and apolipoprotein C-III levels were decreased as well. In human test subjects, the HDL lowering effect of it was only seen in patients with high (>200 mg/dl) levels of triglycerides. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of naphazoline, an imidazole derivative and a direct-acting sympathomimetic amine with vasoconstrictive properties. Upon ocular administration, it exerts its effect by acting on alpha-adrenergic receptors in the arterioles of the conjunctiva to produce vasoconstriction, resulting in decreased conjunctival congestion and diminished itching, irritation and redness. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzothiophenes that is 1-benzothiophene in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 3, and 6 have been replaced by p-hydroxyphenyl, p-[2-(piperidin-1-yl)ethoxy]benzoyl, and hydroxy groups, respectively. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, an estrogen receptor modulator and an estrogen antagonist. It is a member of phenols, an aromatic ketone, a member of 1-benzothiophenes and a N-oxyethylpiperidine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a selective benzothiophene estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). it binds to estrogen receptors (ER) as a mixed estrogen agonist/antagonist; it displays both an ER-alpha-selective partial agonist/antagonist effect and a pure ER-beta-selective antagonist effect. This agent functions as an estrogen agonist in some tissues (bones, lipid metabolism) and as an estrogen antagonist in others (endometrium and breasts), with the potential for producing some of estrogen's beneficial effects without producing its adverse effects. (NCI04) 
it is a steroid ester and a 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a metholone. Dromostanolone Propionate is the propionate salt form of dromostanolone, a synthetic anabolic steroid related to dihydrotestosterone that has antiestrogenic effects. Dromostanolone inhibits the growth of estrogen receptor-presenting breast cancers; its virilizing effects limit its clinical usefulness. (NCI) 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt of a synthetic derivative of cyclohexanone with analgesic and anesthetic activities. Although its mechanism of action is not well understood, ketamine appears to non-competitively block N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors and may interact with opioid mu receptors and sigma receptors, thereby reducing pain perception, inducing sedation, and producing dissociative anesthesia. 
it is a polymyxin having a (6R)-6-methyloctanoyl group at the amino terminus. It is a polymyxin and a peptide antibiotic. 
it, also known as a-N dipeptide or ala-asn, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as meta cresols. These are aromatic compounds containing a meta-cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing a methyl group and a hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 3, respectively. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an amino cyclitol consisting of 1D-chiro-inositol lacking the 6-hydroxy group and having those at positions 1 and 5 replaced by amino and hydroxymethyl groups respectively. It derives from a 1D-chiro-inositol. 
(6S)-5-formyltetrahydrofolic acid is the pharmacologically active (6S)-stereoisomer of 5-formyltetrahydrofolic acid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (6S)-5-formyltetrahydrofolate(2-). it is the active l-isomer of the racemic mixture of the 5-formyl derivative of tetrahydrofolic acid. Metabolically active, l-leucovorin, also known it, does not require bioactivation by dihydrofolate reductase, an enzyme inhibited by folic acid antagonists. This agent may enhance the effects of fluoropyrimidines by stabilizing their binding to the enzyme thymidylate synthase. (NCI04) 
UTP is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate having uracil as the nucleobase. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and a uridine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an UTP(4-) and an UTP(3-). INS316 is a short-acting, aerosolized uridine 5-triphosphate (UTP) solution used as a diagnostic aid for lung cancer. INS316 appears to improve sputum expectoration mediated through the P2Y2 receptor, a nucleotide receptor expressed in human airway epithelial cells and some other tissues. UTP binding to the P2Y2 receptor triggers signal transduction that leads to chloride ion secretion, thereby resulting in mucociliary clearance of airway. 
5-methyltryptophan is a tryptophan derivative that is tryptophan substituted by a methyl group at position 5 of the indole ring. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a tryptophan derivative. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from hydroxyphenytoin through the action of the enzymes cytochrome P450 2C9, cytochrome P450 2C19, and cytochrome P450 3A4. In addition, it and S-adenosylmethionine can be converted into phenytoin methylcatechol and S-adenosylhomocysteine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme catechol O-methyltransferase. In humans, it is involved in the metabolic disorder called the phenytoin (antiarrhythmic) action pathway. 
it is a naphthol carrying a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as an antinematodal drug, a genotoxin, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
Sedoheptulose, also known as it or volemulose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heptoses. These are monosaccharides in which the sugar unit is a seven-carbon containing moeity. Sedoheptulose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, sedoheptulose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a heterodetic cyclic peptide composed of 65 amino acids joined in sequence and cyclised by three disulfide bridges between cysteine residues 6-14, 16-28 and 22-39. It is a highly specific inhibitor of thrombin and used as an anticoagulant in patients with heparin-induced thrombocytopenia. It has a role as an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor and an anticoagulant. It is a polypeptide, a heterodetic cyclic peptide and an organic disulfide. it is a yeast cell-derived recombinant polypeptide related to the naturally occurring, leech-derived anticoagulant hirudin. it directly binds to and inactivates thrombin, producing dose-dependent increases in the activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) and prothrombin time (PT). The mechanism of action of this agent is independent of antithrombin III and is not inhibited by platelet factor 4. Natural hirudin, a family of highly homologous isopolypeptides, is produced in trace amounts by the leech Hirudo medicinalis. 
it is a synthetic visual lymphatic imaging agent. Injected into the periphery of the tumor site, isosulfan blue localizes to the lymphatic system and aids in the surgical identification of tumor sentinel nodes which stain blue. (NCI04) 
it appears as odorless orange-yellow needles or platelets. Darkens and chars from approximately 482Â°F. it is an N-acyl-amino acid that is a form of the water-soluble vitamin B9. Its biologically active forms (tetrahydroit and others) are essential for nucleotide biosynthesis and homocysteine remethylation. It has a role as a B vitamin, a human metabolite, a nutrient and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of its and a N-acyl-amino acid. It derives from a pteroic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). Folic Acid is a collective term for its and their oligoglutamic acid conjugates. As a natural water-soluble substance, it is involved in carbon transfer reactions of amino acid metabolism, in addition to purine and pyrimidine synthesis, and is essential for hematopoiesis and red blood cell production. (NCI05) 
it is a 2-hydroxy carboxylate that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)lactic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a 2-hydroxy carboxylate. It derives from a lactate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)lactic acid. 
D-psicose is the D-enantiomer of psicose. It has a role as an antilipemic drug, an antioxidant, a hypoglycemic agent and a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-psicose. 
it is a pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine having a nitrile group at position 3 and a 3-(N-ethylacetamido)phenyl substituent at the 7-position. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a central nervous system depressant, a sedative and an anxiolytic drug. It is a pyrazolopyrimidine and a nitrile. it is a nonbenzodiazepine from the pyrazolopyrimidine class with hypnotic, sedative, anxiolytic, and muscle relaxant properties. it interacts with the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) -A receptor, thereby affecting the chloride channel ionophore complex and potentiating the inhibitory effects of GABA. In addition, it binds selectively to the brain omega-1 receptor situated on the alpha subunit of the GABA-A/chloride ion channel receptor complex and potentiates t-butyl-bicyclophosphorothionate (TBPS) binding. 
it is an beta-D-glucoside in which the anomeric hydrogen of beta-D-glucopyranose is substituted by an octyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Borneol appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. 
2-(4-iodo-2,5-dimethoxyphenyl)-1-methylethylamine is an organoiodine compound that is amphetamine bearing two methoxy substituents at positions 2 and 5 as well as an iodo substituent at position 4. It is an organoiodine compound, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of amphetamines. It derives from an amphetamine. 
it is a 1,1-bis(phosphonic acid) consisting of methane substituted by two phosphonic acid groups. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent and a chelator. Medronic Acid is a methylene-substituted bisphosphonate. it has affinity for and adheres to the surface of hydroxyapatite crystals in the bone matrix. This agent accumulates at sites of osteoid mineralization and can be used, complexed with radioisotopes such as technetium 99m, in bone imaging. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is benzoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It has been isolated from Taxus baccata. It is used as an intermediate in the synthesis of plasticisers, resins, pharmaceuticals, etc. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxybenzoate. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 3-dehydroquinic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a (-)-quinate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-dehydroquinic acid. 
it is a member of 1-benzofurans and a carbamate ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an acaricide, an agrochemical and a nematicide. 
it is a cyanine dye comprising the it cation [1-methyl-4-[(3-methyl-1,3-benzothiazol-2(3H)-ylidene)methyl]quinolinium] with the p-tosylate counterion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it cation. 
it is a carbamate ester resulting from the formal condensation of both carboxy groups of hexane-1,6-diylbis(methylcarbamic acid) with the hydroxy group of 3-hydroxy-1-methylpyridinium. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a muscarinic agonist. It is a pyridinium ion and a carbamate ester. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside having thymine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a thymine. It is an enantiomer of a telbivudine. it is a pyrimidine nucleoside that is composed of the pyrimidine base thymine attached to the sugar deoxyribose. As a constituent of DNA, it pairs with adenine in the DNA double helix. (NCI04) 
it is a nitroso compound that is the nitroso derivative of benzene; a diamagnetic hybrid of singlet O2 and azobenzene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a nitroso compound and a member of benzenes. It derives from a benzene. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid. it is an insecticide for the control of rice leafhoppers, planthoppers, codling moth, citrus mealybug, onion thrips, fruit flies, bollworms and aphids. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is a carbamate ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a m-cresol. 
it appears as white to tan crystals or white powder. Moderately soluble in organic solvents. Insoluble in water. Melting point 159Â°C. it is a member of the class of triazenes that is dichlorotriazene in which the hydrogen is replaced by an o-chloroanilino group. A fungicide formerly used to control leaf spots and downy mildew, it is no longer approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of triazines, an organochlorine pesticide, a secondary amino compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
Colistimethate is a broad-spectrum polymyxin antibiotic against most aerobic Gram-negative bacteria except Proteus bacteria. Colistimethate is a mixture of methanesulfonate derivatives of cyclic polypeptides colistin A and B from Bacillus colistinus or B. polymyxa. Colistin functions as a surfactant which penetrates into and disrupts the bacterial cell membrane, thereby resulting in bactericidal effect. 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is 2,6-dichloro-4-methylphenol in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group group has been replaced by a dimethoxyphosphorothioyl group. it is a phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor and fungicide that is used for controlling soil-borne diseases caused by Typhula incarnata, Corticium rolfsii, Typhula ishikariensis, and Rhizoctonia solani. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organic thiophosphate and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a it consisting of L-lysine having an (R)-hydroxy group at the 5-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a it and a hydroxy-L-lysine. It is a conjugate base of an erythro-5-hydroxy-L-lysinium(1+). 
The 30-kDa membrane-bound c-type cytochrome protein of mitochondria that functions as an electron donor to CYTOCHROME C GROUP in the mitochondrial and bacterial RESPIRATORY CHAIN. (From Enzyme Nomenclature, 1992, p545) 
it is the (2R) diastereomers of fluvalinate. A synthetic pyrethroid insecticide, it is used to control varroa mites in honey bee colonies. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and a pyrethroid ester acaricide. 
Basic polypeptide from the venom of the honey bee (Apis mellifera). It contains 26 amino acids, has cytolytic properties, causes contracture of muscle, releases histamine, and disrupts surface tension, probably due to lysis of cell and mitochondrial membranes. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid that is decanoic acid substituted at position 3 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an antimitotic and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It derives from a decanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxydecanoate. 
it is an oligopeptide comprising pyroglutamyl, histidyl, tryptophyl, seryl, tyrosyl, D-leucyl, leucyl, arginyl, and N-ethylprolinamide residues joined in sequence. It is a synthetic nonapeptide analogue of gonadotropin-releasing hormone, and is used as a subcutaneous hydrogel implant (particularly as the acetate salt) for the treatment of prostate cancer and for the suppression of gonadal sex hormone production in children with central precocious puberty. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist and an anti-estrogen. it is a synthetic nonapeptide analogue of gonadotropin-releasing hormone. it binds to and activates gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors. Continuous, prolonged administration of it in males results in pituitary GnRH receptor desensitization and inhibition of pituitary secretion of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), leading to a significant decline in testosterone production; in females, prolonged administration results in a decrease in estradiol production. This agent reduces testosterone production to castration levels and may inhibit androgen receptor-positive tumor progression. 
it is a colorless liquid with a mild odor. Floats and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03257150 (A Study of the Use of Irreversible Electroporation in Pancreatic Ductal Cancer). Fluorine F 18-fluoroazomycin Arabinoside is a radiofluorinated 2-nitroimidazole derivative with positron-emitting radioisotope activity. Upon administration, fluorine F 18-fluoroazomycin arabinoside is reduced under hypoxic conditions in the tumor microenvironment to a reactive species that covalently binds to intracellular macromolecules, providing a quantitative measure of viable hypoxic tissue when imaged with positron emission tomography. Compared to 18F-misonidazole, fluorine F 18-fluoroazomycin arabinoside has a lower octanol:water partition coefficient; it therefore has less tendency to accumulate in lipophilic tissues and exhibits a faster renal clearance, which may result in improved imaging of hypoxic tissue. 
it is the ethanolamine mono-ester of phosphoric acid, and a metabolite of phospholipid metabolism. This phosphomonoester shows strong structural similarity to the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA, and is decreased in post-mortem Alzheimer's disease brain. It has a role as a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of an O-phosphonatoethanaminium(1-). 
it(1-) is a thia-alkylglucosinolate that has a 5-(methylsulfanyl)pentyl side chain attached to the sulfonated oxime group. It derives from a pentylglucosinolate. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it, also known as 9:0(3-OH) or tetraethylenepentamine, urea amide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain hydroxy acids and derivatives. These are hydroxy acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in milk and milk products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of (4-nitrophenyl)acetic acid; it is the major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a (4-nitrophenyl)acetic acid. 
1, 7-Dihydroxy-3-methoxy-2-prenylxanthone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-prenylated xanthones. These are organic compounds containing a C5-isoprenoid group linked to a xanthone moiety at the 2-position. Xanthone is a tricyclic compound made up of two benzene rings linearly fused to each other through a pyran ring that carries a ketone group. 1, 7-Dihydroxy-3-methoxy-2-prenylxanthone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1, 7-dihydroxy-3-methoxy-2-prenylxanthone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1, 7-dihydroxy-3-methoxy-2-prenylxanthone can be found in fruits. This makes 1, 7-dihydroxy-3-methoxy-2-prenylxanthone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a butanediol in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 1 and 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a butanediol and a glycol. It derives from a hydride of a butane. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines in which the imino hydrogen of guanidine itself has been replaced by a 7-aminoheptyl group. It is an inhibitor of deoxyhypusine synthase activity (GO:0034038). It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.46 (deoxyhypusine synthase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of guanidines and a primary amino compound. 
it is a methanesulfonate (mesylate) salt prepared from equimolar amounts of nelfinavir and methanesulfonic acid. It is used for treatment of HIV and also exhibits some anticancer properties. It has a role as a HIV protease inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It contains a nelfinavir(1+). it is the mesylate salt form of nelfinavir, a synthetic antiviral agent that selectively binds to and inhibits human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease. Nelfinavir has activity against HIV 1 and 2. 
it is a cyanine dye and an organic iodide salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it(4+). 
it is a glucosaminoglycan consisting of L-asparagine having the pentasaccharide alpha-D-Man-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Man-(1->6)]-beta-D-Man-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcNAc-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcNAc attached at the N(4)-position It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide, a glucosaminoglycan and a N(4)-glycosyl-L-asparagine. 
Itaconyl-CoA, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Itaconyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Itaconyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, itaconyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, itaconyl-CoA can be found in a number of food items such as brazil nut, pineapple, breadnut tree seed, and romaine lettuce. This makes itaconyl-CoA a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Pamidronate Disodium is the disodium salt of the synthetic bisphosphonate pamidronate. Although its mechanism of action is not completely understood, pamidronate appears to adsorb to calcium phosphate crystals in bone, blocking their dissolution by inhibiting osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. This agent does not inhibit bone mineralization and formation. 
it, also known as H-H dipeptide or his-his, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a branched amino hexasaccharide consisting of a GlcNAc residue at the reducing end with a Man-alpha(1->6)-[Xyl-beta(1->2)]-Man-beta(1->4)-GlcNAc moiety attached via a beta-(1->4)-linkage and a Fuc residue attached via an alpha-(1->3)-linkage. It has a role as a carbohydrate allergen. 
Riboflavine 2', 3', 4', 5'-tetrabutanoate, also known as riboflavin butyrate or vitamin B2 tetrabutyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavins. Flavins are compounds containing a flavin (7, 8-dimethyl-benzo[g]pteridine-2, 4-dione) moiety, with a structure characterized by an isoalloaxzine tricyclic ring. Riboflavine 2', 3', 4', 5'-tetrabutanoate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, riboflavine 2', 3', 4', 5'-tetrabutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is an organic sodium salt which is the monosodium salt of thiocyanic acid. It contains a thiocyanate. 
it has been used in trials studying the health services research of Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia and Philadelphia Chromosome-positive Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia. it is an orally bioavailable, allosteric Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Designed to overcome resistance, it binds to the Abl portion of the Bcr-Abl fusion protein at a location that is distinct from the ATP-binding domain. This binding results in the inhibition of Bcr-Abl-mediated proliferation and enhanced apoptosis of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) hematological malignancies. The Bcr-Abl fusion protein tyrosine kinase is an abnormal enzyme produced by leukemia cells that contain the Philadelphia chromosome. 
it appears as a colorless odorless gas. itoncombustible and nontoxic. Makes up the major portion of the atmosphere, but will not support life by itself. Used in food processing, in purging air conditioning and refrigeration systems, and in pressurizing aircraft tires. May cause asphyxiation by displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket. Dinitrogen is an elemental molecule consisting of two trivalently-bonded nitrogen atoms. It has a role as a member of food packaging gas and a food propellant. It is a diatomic nitrogen, a gas molecular entity and an elemental molecule. It is a conjugate base of a diazynium. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 7, and atomic weight 14.01. 
A cyclic undecapeptide from an extract of soil fungi. It is a powerful immunosupressant with a specific action on T-lymphocytes. It is used for the prophylaxis of graft rejection in organ and tissue transplantation. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed). 
it is the sodium salt of levothyroxine, a synthetic levoisomer of thyroxine (T4) that is similar to the endogenous hormone produced by the thyroid gland. In peripheral tissues, levothyroxine is deiodinated by 5'-deiodinase to form triiodothyronine (T3). T3 enters the cell and binds to nuclear thyroid hormone receptors; the activated hormone-receptor complex in turn triggers gene expression and produces proteins required in the regulation of cellular respiration; thermogenesis; cellular growth and differentiation; and the metabolism of proteins, carbohydrates and lipids. T3 also exhibits cardiostimulatory effects. 
it, also known as fema 3733 or narcissin K, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-methylphenyl octanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an animal, fecal, and green taste. 
it appears as a blue liquid with a sharp, unpleasant chemical odor. Density 1.447 g / cm3. Low-boiling (boiling point 3.5Â°C) and held as a liquid by compression. Partially dissociates into NO and NO2. Strong irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Vapors very toxic by inhalation. Used in special purpose fuels. Under prolonged exposure to intense heat the container may rupture violently and rocket. 
L-6'-bromotryptophan is a bromoamino acid that is L-tryptophan in which the hydrogen at position 6 of the indole ring is substituted by bromine. It is a L-tryptophan derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a bromoamino acid and a bromoindole. It is a tautomer of a L-6'-bromotryptophan zwitterion. 
it is an amidoalkyl phosphate that is the 4-phosphate derivative of (R)-pantothenic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a (R)-pantothenic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-4'-phosphopantothenate(1-). 
it is an organic cation that is the conjugate acid of L-it, arising from protonation of the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It is a conjugate acid of a L-it. 
N-propyl benzene appears as a clear colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point 86Â°F. Mildly toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make other chemicals. it is an alkylbenzene that is benzene having one of its aromatic hydrogens substituted by a propyl group. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid-7-o-glycosides. These are phenolic compounds containing a flavonoid moiety which is O-glycosidically linked to carbohydrate moiety at the C7-position. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, hesperetin 7-neohesperidoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, hesperetin 7-neohesperidoside can be found in a number of food items such as sweet orange, mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), grapefruit, and lime. This makes hesperetin 7-neohesperidoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a colorless to yellow crystalline solid. Harmful to skin and eyes. Used in electric storage batteries. it is an alkali metal hydroxide and a caesium molecular entity. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of 2-hydroxy(di-2-thienyl)acetic acid and the hydroxy group of N-(3-phenoxypropyl)-3-quinuclidinol. Used as its bromide salt for the long-term maintenance treatment of bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It has a role as a bronchodilator agent and a muscarinic antagonist. It is a quaternary ammonium ion, a carboxylic ester, a member of thiophenes and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 3-quinuclidinol. 
it is a hydrochloride that is the dihydrochloride of ethylenediamine. It has a role as an allergen. It derives from an ethylenediamine. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that it imidazole-2-thione in which a methyl group replaces the hydrogen which is attached to a nitrogen. It has a role as an antithyroid drug. it is a thioamide inhibitor of the enzyme thyroid peroxidase (TPO), with antithyroid activity. Upon administration, it inhibits the metabolism of iodide and the iodination of tyrosine residues in the thyroid hormone precursor thyroglobulin by TPO; this prevents the synthesis of the thyroid hormones triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4). 
it is a chlorophenoxyacetate anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group of (2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy)acetic acid. It is a conjugate base of a (2,4,5-trichlorophenoxy)acetic acid. 
An alkylating nitrogen mustard that is used as an antineoplastic in the form of the levo isomer - MELPHALAN, the racemic mixture - MERPHALAN, and the dextro isomer - it; toxic to bone marrow, but little vesicant action; potential carcinogen. 
it is an off-white to pale tan waxy solid with a very faint slightly sweet odor. Used as a broad spectrum insecticide. 
it is an azabicycloalkane that consists of ecgonine having phenylphosphonyl and alkyl groups attached to the hydroxy and carboxy groups respectively. Used as a transition state analogue of cocaine. It has a role as a hapten. It is an azabicycloalkane, a beta-alanine derivative and an organic phosphonate. It derives from an ecgonine. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanyl, L-asparagyl, L-aspartyl, and L-proline residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-asparagine, a L-aspartic acid and a L-proline. 
it is a Direct-Acting Antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients.   it exerts its antiviral action by reversibly binding and inhibiting the NS3/4A serine protease of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). Following viral replication of HCV genetic material and translation into a single polypeptide, Nonstructural Protein 3 (NS3) and its activating cofactor Nonstructural Protein 4A (NS4A) are responsible for cleaving genetic material into the following structural and nonstructural proteins required for assembly into mature virus: NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A, and NS5B. By inhibiting viral protease NS3/4A, it therefore prevents viral replication and function. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as it.   it has been available since July 2017 in a fixed dose combination product with [sofosbuvir] and [velpatasvir] as the commercially available product Vosevi. Vosevi is approved for the treatment of adult patients with chronic HCV infection with genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 infection. Notably, Vosevi is approved for use in patients with genotypes 1-6 who have been previously treated with an NS5A inhibitor, or patients with genotypes 1a or 3 infection and have previously been treated with an HCV regimen containing sofosbuvir without an NS5A inhibitor. Prior to Vosevi, there were no approved retreatment options for patients who have previously received, and failed, a regimen containing an NS5A inhibitor for treatment of chronic HCV infection. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) non-structural protein 3/non-structural protein 4A (NS3/NS4A) serine protease, with antiviral activity. Upon administration, it binds to the HCV NS3/NS4A serine protease and prevents NS3/NS4A protease-mediated polyprotein maturation. This disrupts both the processing of viral proteins and the formation of the viral replication complex, thereby preventing viral replication and function. NS3, a serine protease, is essential for the proteolytic cleavage of multiple sites within the HCV polyprotein and plays a key role during HCV ribonucleic acid (RNA) replication. NS4A is an activating factor for NS3. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family; HCV infection is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
it is a aporphine alkaloid that is the quaternary ammonium ion obtained by methylation of the tertiary amino group of bulbocapnine. It is an aporphine alkaloid and a quaternary ammonium ion. It derives from a bulbocapnine. 
it is a member of the class of imidazopyrimidines that is imidazo[1,2-a]pyrimidine substituted at positions 2 and 3 by phenyl and nitroso groups respectively. It is an imidazopyrimidine and a nitroso compound. 
11, 12, 13-Trinor-1, 3, 5-bisabolatrien-10-Oic acid, also known as 4-p-tolylpentanoic acid or dihydro-a-norcurcumenic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. 11, 12, 13-Trinor-1, 3, 5-bisabolatrien-10-Oic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 11, 12, 13-trinor-1, 3, 5-bisabolatrien-10-Oic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of phenoxyacetic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a phenoxyacetic acid. 
it is an isothiocyanate having a 4-(methylsulfinyl)butyl group attached to the nitrogen. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite, an antioxidant and an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor. It is a sulfoxide and an isothiocyanate. 
Ecomustine is a water-soluble nitrosoureido sugar derived from acosamine, with alkylating activity. Ecomustine alkylates and crosslinks DNA, thereby inhibiting replication and transcription and eventually resulting in a reduction of cellular proliferation. 
it is a cholestanoid and a 3beta-sterol. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. 
Oxidonitrogen(1+) is a monovalent inorganic cation resulting from the removal of the unpaired electron from nitric oxide. It is a nitrogen oxide and a monovalent inorganic cation. 
2-tert-butyl-9-fluoro-1,6-dihydrobenzo[h]imidazo[4,5-f]isoquinolin-7-one is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 1,6-dihydrobenzo[h]imidazo[4,5-f]isoquinolin-7-one bearing additional tert-butyl and fluoro substituents at positions 2 and 9 respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an organofluorine compound. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthopyranones. Naphthopyranones are compounds containing a naphthopyran skeleton where a ring carbon bears a carboxylic acid group. Naphthtopyran is made up of the pyran ring fused to a naphthalene ring system. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a synthetic imidazoquinoline with antineoplastic activity. it intercalates into DNA, resulting in disruption of DNA replication. Use of this agent has been associated with significant cardiotoxicity. (NCI04) 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide consisting of a 3,4-dihydroxy-4-methylhexadecanoyl group attached to the amino terminus of the linear heptapeptide Ser-D-Ala-Asp-Asn-Asn-Ser-D-allo-Thr which is cyclised head-to-tail via the 3-hydroxy group on the hexadecanoyl chain. It is an antifungal drug isolated from the barley solid culture of the fungus Glomospora sp. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. It is a peptide antibiotic, a monocarboxylic acid, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol, a cyclodepsipeptide and a lactam. It derives from a 3,4-dihydroxy-4-methylhexadecanoic acid. 
it is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule, tryptophan hydroxylase (TPH) inhibitor prodrug, with potential antiserotonergic activity. Upon administration, it is converted to its active moiety, telotristat (LP-778902), which binds to and blocks the activity of TPH. This may result in a reduction in peripheral serotonin (5-HT) production and improvement of serotonin-mediated gastrointestinal effects such as severe diarrhea. TPH, the rate-limiting enzyme in serotonin biosynthesis, is overexpressed in carcinoid tumor cells. 
it is a sulfobenzoic acid in which the sulfonic acid and carboxylic acid groups are in a para-relationship. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-sulfobenzoate(1-) and a 4-sulfonatobenzoate(2-). 
it is a hexahydroxyflavone having the hydroxy groups placed at the 3-, 3'-, 4'-, 5- 7- and 8-positions. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 7-hydroxyflavonol and a hexahydroxyflavone. It is a conjugate acid of a it-3-olate and a it(1-). 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of L-cysteine hydrochloride. It has a role as an EC 4.3.1.3 (histidine ammonia-lyase) inhibitor, a flour treatment agent and a human metabolite. It contains a L-cysteine hydrochloride. 
it, wetted with not less than 30% water appears as a white to light colored solid paste. Contains about 35% water, which reduces its tendency toward rapid decomposition or explosion. Considered safe for storage, handling and shipping, but should be treated as an explosive. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. 
Magnesium dichloride is a magnesium salt comprising of two chlorine atoms bound to a magnesium atom. It is a magnesium salt, an inorganic chloride and a magnesium halide. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroquinolones. Hydroquinolones are compounds containing a hydrogenated quinoline bearing a ketone group it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as amber liquid. Used as a non-systemic insecticide. Not sold in the U.S or Canada. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
Iodide I-131 (as Sodium iodide I-131) is a radioisotopic drug used for the treatment and palliation of thyroid malignancy.  Iodine-131 is notable for causing mutation and death in cells that it penetrates, which is due to its mode of beta decay. As a result of beta decay, approximately 10% of its energy and radiation dose is via gamma radiation, while the other 90% (beta radiation) causes tissue damage without contributing to any ability to see or image the isotope. Low levels of beta radiation are also known for causing cancer as this dose is highly mutagenic. For this reason, less toxic iodine isotopes such as I-123 are more frequently used in nuclear imaging, while I-131 is reserved for its tissue destroying effects. Because the thyroid gland naturally takes up iodine from the body, therapeutic methods using radioisotopes can take advantage of this mechanism for localization of drug to the site of malignancy.   Therapeutic solutions of Sodium it are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine.  Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine.  It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine having a chloro substituent at the 2-position and a 3-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)propyl group at the N-10 position. It has a role as an antiemetic, a dopaminergic antagonist, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a cholinergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor and a dopamine receptor D2 antagonist. It is an organochlorine compound, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-methylpiperazine and a member of phenothiazines. It derives from a hydride of a 10H-phenothiazine. it is a synthetic propylpiperazine derivative of phenothiazine with antiemetic, antipsychotic, antihistaminic, and anticholinergic activities. it antagonizes the dopamine D2-receptor in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) of the brain and may prevent chemotherapy-induced emesis. (NCI04) 
it is a hydrobromide salt obtained by reaction of clobenpropit with two equivalents of hydrobromic acid. An extremely potent histamine H3 antagonist/inverse agonist (pA2 = 9.93). Also displays partial agonist activity at H4 receptors; induces eosinophil shape change with an EC50 of 3 nM. It has a role as a H4-receptor agonist and a H3-receptor antagonist. It contains a clobenpropit(2+). 
it is a linear amino tetrasaccharide consisting of D-glucose at the reducing end having an N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosaminyl-(1->3)-alpha-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-galactosyl moiety attached at the 4-position. It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 
Dehydroisoandrosterone 3-glucuronide is a steroid glucosiduronic acid having dehydroepiandrosterone as the steroid component. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-glucuronic acid and a dehydroepiandrosterone. 
it is an orally available cyclic depsipeptide antibiotic produced by Aureobasidium pullulans that is a fungicide at low concentrations. Aureobasidin A inhibits inositol phosphorylceramide synthase, an enzyme that catalyzes a key step in fungal sphingolipid biosynthesis. This may inhibit fungal cell growth. 
it is a steroid ester, a 20-oxo steroid, an acetate ester, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, an 11-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a prednisone. 
it is a galactonolactone that is the D-enantiomer of galactono-1,5-lactone. It is an aldono-1,5-lactone and a galactonolactone. It derives from a D-galactonic acid. 
A bacteriostatic antibiotic macrolide produced by Streptomyces erythreus. Erythromycin A is considered its major active component. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding process inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. 
it is an O-acyl-D-carnitine in which the acyl group specified as octanoyl. It is an O-octanoylcarnitine and an O-acyl-D-carnitine. It is an enantiomer of an O-octanoyl-L-carnitine. 
it is a sugar dianhydride obtained by the condensation of two units of beta-D-fructofuranose. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-fructofuranose. 
Any of the four forms, alpha, beta, gamma and delta, of a member of the vitamin E family, with potential hypocholesterolemic, antithrombotic, antioxidant, immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits the activity of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, thereby lowering cholesterol levels. In addition, it acts through multiple signal transduction pathways to induce cell cycle arrest and caspase-mediated apoptosis, and to decrease tumor cell proliferation. In addition, this agent may inhibit angiogenesis through the blockage of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) and the subsequent inhibition of tumor cell-induced vessel formation. Also, this agent prevents free radical formation and inhibits lipid peroxidation, thereby preventing DNA cell damage. it farnesyl isoprenoid side chains contain 3 double bonds, which are absent in tocopherols, likely contribute to its anti-cancer activities. 
5-fluorouridine 5'-monophosphate(2-) is a 5-fluorouridine 5'-monophosphate that results from the removal of two protons from the phosphate group; major species at pH 7.3 
A potent inhibitor of the high affinity uptake system for CHOLINE. It has less effect on the low affinity uptake system. Since choline is one of the components of ACETYLCHOLINE, treatment with hemicholinium can deplete acetylcholine from cholinergic terminals. it is commonly used as a research tool in animal and in vitro experiments. 
The vesicular monoamine transporter type 2 (VMAT2) inhibitors are agents that cause a depletion of neuroactive peptides such as dopamine in nerve terminals and are used to treat chorea due to neurodegenerative diseases (such as Huntington chorea) or dyskinesias due to neuroleptic medications (tardive dyskinesia). As of 2019, three VMAT2 inhibitors have become available in the United States for management of dyskinesia syndromes, each with a somewhat different spectrum of approved indications: tetrabenazine (Xenazine and generics: 2008), it (Austedo: 2017) and valbenazine (Ingressa: 2017). The VMAT2 inihibitors have not been associated with serum enzyme elevations during therapy or linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury, but they have had limited general clinical use. 
it is an N-methylamino acid that is the N-methyl derivative of valine. It is a valine derivative and a N-methyl-amino acid. 
it appears as colorless or yellow to brown-yellow or pinkish colored liquid with a phenol-like odor. Toxic by ingestion and/or skin absorption. May have a flash point between 100 and 199Â°F. Causes burns to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Insoluble in water. it is a cresol that is phenol substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It is a minor urinary metabolite of toluene. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a semisynthetic derivative of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic nogalamycin. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin. (NCI04) 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point 25Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is an orally available, lipophilic, organogold compound, used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, with anti-inflammatory and potential antineoplastic activities. it interacts with selenocysteine residue within the redox-active domain of mitochondrial thioredoxin reductase (TrxR), thereby blocking the activity of TrxR. As a result, this agent induces mitochondrial oxidative stress leading to the induction of apoptosis. Furthermore, this agent strongly inhibits the JAK1/STAT3 signal transduction pathway, thereby suppressing expression of immune factors involved in inflammation. TrxR, overexpressed in many cancer cell types, inhibits apoptosis, promotes cell growth and survival and plays a role in resistance to chemotherapy; TrxR catalyzes the reduction of oxidized thioredoxin (Trx) and plays a central role in regulating cellular redox homeostasis. 
it is a white or tan, powdered solid. It is soluble in water and may burn, but it is not easily ignited. It may be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. It is used as a fungicide, herbicide and as a disinfectant. 
it is a member of guanidines, a beta-lactam, a monocarboxylic acid and a L-arginine derivative. It derives from a proclavaminic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an aldehydic acid which consists of benzoic acid substituted by a formyl group at position 2. Metabolite of ampicillin phthalidyl ester. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is an aldehydic acid and a member of benzaldehydes. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-formylbenzoate. 
N-{6-[(7-nitro-2,1,3-benzoxadiazol-4-yl)amino]hexanoyl}sphingosine is an N-acylsphingosine that is sphingosine with the amino nitrogen converted into a 6-{[N-(7-nitrobenzo-2,1,3-oxadiazol-4-yl)amino]}hexananamido group. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentoses. These are monosaccharides in which the carbohydrate moiety contains five carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 1-Deoxy-L-glycero-tetrulose 4-phosphate and it can be converted into 6, 7-dimethyl-8-(D-ribityl)lumazine; which is mediated by the enzyme 6, 7-dimethyl-8-ribityllumazine synthase. In addition, Riboflavin and it can be biosynthesized from 6, 7-dimethyl-8-(D-ribityl)lumazine through its interaction with the enzyme riboflavin synthase. 
A complex of three different closely related aminoglycoside sulfates, it C1, C2, and C1a, obtained from Micromonospora purpurea and related species. They are broad-spectrum antibiotics, but may cause ear and kidney damage. They act to inhibit protein synthesis (genetic translation). it is a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by fermentation of Micromonospora purpurea or M. echinospora. it is an antibiotic complex consisting of four major (C1, C1a, C2, and C2a) and several minor components. This agent irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. Specifically, this antibiotic is lodged between 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex, misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses. 
2-(4-Methylphenyl)-1, 3-dioxan-5-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as toluenes. Toluenes are compounds containing a benzene ring which bears a methane group. 2-(4-Methylphenyl)-1, 3-dioxan-5-ol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Radioactive material, it, fissile appears as a colorless volatile white crystalline solid. Highly toxic and corrosive. Radioactive. Emits high energy rays which may be harmful and are detectable only by special instruments. Chemically irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used to make fuel for nuclear power plants. 
A trihydroxy bile salt that is used as a digestive aid in dietary supplements. It is used in culture media and in conjunction with PAPAIN and PANCREATIN. 
it is a C20-gibberellin obtained by selective reduction of the 10beta-carboxy group of gibberellin A53. It is a C20-gibberellin and a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a gibberellin A53. 
it is a 3 hydroxy carboxylic acid that is glutaric acid which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It is a diagnostic marker for glutaric aciduria type I. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid and an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a glutaric acid. 
it is a cis-1,6-dihydroxycyclohexa-2,4-dienecarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (1R,6S)-1,6-dihydroxycyclohexa-2,4-diene-1-carboxylate. It is an enantiomer of a (1S,6R)-1,6-dihydroxycyclohexa-2,4-dienecarboxylic acid. 
1,1-dihydroxy-3-ethoxy-2-butanone is a butanone derivative having two hydroxy substituents at the 1-position and an ethoxy substituent at the 3-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent. It is a butanone and an aldehyde hydrate. it is an agent that reacts with guanine to create a covalent adduct. In vivo, it reacts with 30S ribosomal subunits yielding inactive ribosomes. 
it is a colorless liquid with an odor of gasoline. Floats on water. Flammable, irritating vapor is produced. it is an alkene that is nonane containing one double bond located at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. 
it is a glycosyloxyflavone that is luteolin substituted by a methoxy group at position 6 and an alpha-L-rhamnosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It is an alpha-L-rhamnoside, a trihydroxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a glycosyloxyflavone. It derives from a luteolin. 
Panaxadiol, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Panaxadiol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, panaxadiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, panaxadiol can be found in tea. This makes panaxadiol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the trisodium salt of 8-methoxypyrene-1,3,6-trisulfonic acid. A highly water-soluble superpolar fluorescent probe for assaying cationic surfactants. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. It contains an 8-methoxypyrene-1,3,6-trisulfonate. 
O-phosphoserine is a serine derivative that is serine substituted at the oxygen atom by a phosphono group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a serine derivative and an O-phosphoamino acid. It is a conjugate acid of an O-phosphonatooxyserine(2-). 
it is a carboxyalkanesulfonic acid that is the C-sulfo derivative of acetic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a sulfonatoacetate. 
it is a straight-chain, fourteen-carbon, long-chain saturated fatty acid mostly found in milk fat. It has a role as a human metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tetradecanoate. it is a saturated long-chain fatty acid with a 14-carbon backbone. it is found naturally in palm oil, coconut oil and butter fat. 
Lysidine is cytidine in which the 2-keto group on the cytosine ring is substituted by an epsilon-Llysyl residue. It is a L-lysine derivative, a member of cytidines and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is an organic tricyclic compound that is 1,3,4,5-tetrahydrobenzo[cd]indole which is substituted at position 4 by a methylamino group and at position 5 by a 3-hydroxy-2-methylprop-1-en-1-yl group (the 4R,5R,E diastereoisomer). It is a precursor of the tetracyclic ergolines agroclavine, elymoclavine and lysergic acid amide. It is an ergot alkaloid, a benzoindole, a secondary amino compound, a primary alcohol and an organic tricyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a it-I(1+). 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of betaxolol. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-betaxolol. it is the S-isomer of betaxolol, a selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with anti-glaucoma activity and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. When applied topically in the eye, it reduces aqueous humor secretion and lowers the intraocular pressure (IOP). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of tetradecanedioic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a saturated dicarboxylic acid dianion(2-). It is a conjugate base of a tetradecanedioic acid. 
it is a pyrimidinamine insecticide, a pyrimidinamine acaricide and an aminopyrimidine. It has a role as a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor. 
Katononic acid, also known as katononate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Katononic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, katononic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, katononic acid can be found in fruits. This makes katononic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as colorless needles or white crystalline solid. Melting point 237Â°F. Sublimes at 239Â°F at 5 mm Hg pressure; and at 198Â°F and 1 mm Hg pressure. Moderately toxic and an irritant. it is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride and a tetrahydrofurandione. It derives from a succinic acid. 
it is an organochlorine herbicide, the structure of which is that of pyrimidine-4-carboxylic acid substituted at positions 2, 5 and 6 by cyclopropyl, chloro and amino groups respectively. It has a role as a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. It is a member of pyrimidines, a member of cyclopropanes and an organochlorine pesticide. It contains a primary amino group. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it appears as colorless small crystals or white powder. Odorless. Bitter taste. Solutions are acid to litmus. pH (4% solution) 4.2-5. (NTP, 1992) it is the phosphate salt of codeine, a naturally occurring phenanthrene alkaloid and opioid agonist with analgesic, antidiarrheal and antitussive activities. Codeine mimics the actions of endogenous opioids by binding to the opioid receptors at many sites within the central nervous system (CNS). Stimulation of mu-subtype opioid receptors results in a decrease in the release of nociceptive neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline; in addition, the codeine metabolite morphine induces opening of G-protein-coupled inwardly rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels and blocks the opening of N-type voltage-gated calcium channels, resulting in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability. Stimulation of gut mu-subtype opioid receptors results in a reduction in intestinal motility and delayed intestinal transit times. Antitussive activity is mediated through codeine's action on the cough center in the medulla. 
it appears as white or reddish-yellow crystals or light brown powder. Turns violet when exposed to light. (NTP, 1992) it is an amino phenol (one of the three possible isomers) which has the single amino substituent located para to the phenolic -OH group. It has a role as a metabolite and an allergen. 
2-trans,6-trans-it is the trans,trans-stereoisomer of it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-trans,6-trans-it(3-). 
it is a quinoline alkaloid that is furo[2,3-b]quinoline bearing four methoxy substituents at positions 4, 5, 7 and 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a quinoline alkaloid, an aromatic ether and a furoquinoline. 
Chondroitin sulfate e (galnac4, 6Dis-glca) proteoglycan belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyrazoles. Phenylpyrazoles are compounds containing a phenylpyrazole skeleton, which consists of a pyrazole bound to a phenyl group. 
it, also known as vitamin u, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methionine and derivatives. Methionine and derivatives are compounds containing methionine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of methionine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as wax gourd, common cabbage, peppermint, and orange bell pepper. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a glycoside that is alpha-L-fucose in which the hydrogen of the anomeric hydroxy group is replaced by a 4-aminobutyl group. A synthetic version of the alpha-fucosyl glycoside (it) epitope from the major peanut allergen glycoprotein Arachis hypogaea h2 (Ara-h2). It has a role as an allergen. It derives from an alpha-L-fucose. 
it is a vaccenate(1-) that is the conjugate base of cis-vaccenic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It is a vaccenate(1-) and an octadecenoate. It is a conjugate base of a cis-vaccenic acid. 
it is a steviol glycoside that is steviol in which both the carboxy group and the tertiary allylic hydroxy group have been converted to their corresponding beta-D-glucosides. A precious bioactive natural sweetener which mainly exists the in Chinese sweet tea plant, Rubus suavissimus. It has a role as a sweetening agent and a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a tetracyclic diterpenoid, a bridged compound and a steviol glycoside. It derives from a steviol. 
it is a tocopherol in which the chroman-6-ol core is substituted by a methyl group at position 8. It is found particularly in maize (corn) oil and soya bean (soybean) oils. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a food antioxidant. it is the orally bioavailable delta form of the naturally-occurring fat-soluble vitamin E, mostly found in soybean and corn oils, with potential antioxidant activity. Although the exact mechanism of action of this tocopherol has yet to be fully identified, it appears to have the ability to scavenge free radicals, thereby protecting cells against oxidative damage. 
(S)-it is an aporphine alkaloid that is (S)-corytuberine in which the nitrogen has been quaternised by an additional methyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an aporphine alkaloid and a quaternary ammonium ion. It derives from a (S)-corytuberine. 
4-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl arsonic acid appears as pale yellow crystals or light tan powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an organoarsonic acid where the organyl group is 4-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl. It has a role as a coccidiostat, an antibacterial drug, an agrochemical and an animal growth promotant. It is an organoarsonic acid and a member of 2-nitrophenols. It derives from a phenylarsonic acid. 
it, also known as it or fema 2416, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C3 carbon atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a balsam, fruity, and jasmine taste. 
it is a member of the class of morpholines that is 2,6-dimethylmorpholine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a tridecyl group. The configuration at positions 2 and 6 is unknown or unspecified. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of morpholines and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is an alpha-substituted cyanoacetate ester that consists of ethyl cyanoacetate bearing an alpha-phenyl substituent. It is an alpha-substituted cyanoacetate ester and an ethyl ester. 
it is a symmetrical oxalamide-based bis-quaternary ammonium ion having ethyl and 2-chlorobenzyl groups attached to the nitrogens. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. it is a bisquaternary ammonium alcohol with parasympathomimetic activity. The positive charge of it allows it to act as an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor by binding to the anionic site at the reactive center of acetylcholinesterase, preventing the breakdown of acetylcholine and producing an indirect cholinomimetic effect at both nicotinic and muscarinic receptors. it also has direct agonist activity at nicotinic receptors, potentiating the cholinomimetic effect at the neuromuscular junction. 
it is a wax ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of oleic acid with the hydroxy group of decanol. It derives from an oleic acid and a decan-1-ol. 
Alpha-Furyl methyl diketone, also known as 1-(2-furanyl)-1, 2-propanedione, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl ketones. These are organic aromatic compounds that contain a ketone group substituted at one C-atom with an aryl group. They have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=organyl group. Alpha-Furyl methyl diketone exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, Alpha-furyl methyl diketone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alpha-furyl methyl diketone can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes Alpha-furyl methyl diketone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of oxazolidines that is 2-[3-(4-chlorophenyl)propyl]-2,4,4-trimethyl-1,3-oxazolidine in which the amino hydrogen is replaced by an (imidazol-1-yl)carbonyl group. It is a member of oxazolidines, a N-acylimidazole and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a member of the class of thioureas that is the diethyl ester of (1,2-phenylenedicarbamothioyl)biscarbamic acid. A fungicide effective against a broad spectrum of diseases in fruit, vegetables, turf and other crops including eyespot, scab, powdery mildew and grey mould. It has a role as an antifungal drug. It is a member of thioureas, a carbamate ester, a benzimidazole precursor fungicide and a carbamate fungicide. It derives from a 1,2-phenylenediamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxazolidinones. Oxazolidinones are compounds containing an oxazolidinone moiety, which is an oxazolidine bearing a ketone group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-isoxazolidinone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-isoxazolidinone can be found in pulses. This makes 3-isoxazolidinone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Stearyl acid phosphate appears as a white waxy solid. Insoluble in water. Vapor or liquid may irritate of severely burn skin or eyes. Inhalation may irritate and seriously burn respiratory tract. Ingestion may irritate and burn mucous membranes of the gastrointestinal tract. 
it is a it that is 2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose 1-(dihydrogen phosphate) substituted by an acetamido group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is an it in open-chain form. It is a it and an aldehydo-allose. It is an enantiomer of an aldehydo-D-allose. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by the formal condensation of the amino group of 3-amino-2,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid with the carboxy group of the polycyclic cage component. It is an antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces platensis and exhibits inhibitory activity against fatty acid synthase. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antimicrobial agent, an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor and a bacterial metabolite. It is a cyclic ketone, a polycyclic cage, a dihydroxybenzoic acid, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an aromatic amide. 
it is a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid that is chenodeoxycholic acid carrying an additional ethyl substituent at the 6alpha-position. A semi-synthetic bile acid which acts as a farnesoid X receptor agonist and is used for treatment of primary biliary cholangitis. It has a role as a farnesoid X receptor agonist and a hepatoprotective agent. It is a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a chenodeoxycholic acid. 
it is an iridoid monoterpenoid. It has a role as an uncoupling protein inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent, an apoptosis inhibitor, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent and a cross-linking reagent. 
it is a phenethylamine derivative with tocolytic activity. it binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors of myometrial cells in the uterus, which decreases the intensity and frequency of uterine contractions. Specifically, it probably activates adenyl cyclase, thereby increasing production of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP), which in turn enhances the efflux of calcium from vascular smooth muscle cells. A lack of intracellular calcium prevents uterine myometrial contractions. In addition, this agent may directly inactivate myosin light chain kinase, a critical enzyme necessary for the initiation of muscle contractions. 
it is a sulfur oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a sulfuric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a sulfate. 
it is a tetrapyrrole fundamental parent that is obtained by formal hydrogenation across the 2,3-double bond of porphyrin. It is a tetrapyrrole fundamental parent and a member of its. 
it is the L-enantiomer of 4-oxoproline. It is a 4-oxoproline, a L-proline derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a colorless, odorless liquid. Almost no odor in pure state. Used as a quick-acting military chemical nerve agent. Chemical warfare agent. Isopropyl methylphosphonofluoridate is a phosphinic ester that is the isopropyl ester of methylphosphonofluoridic acid. It is a phosphinic ester and a fluorine molecular entity. 
it is the L-enantiomer of N-acetylcitrulline. It is a N-acetylcitrulline and a N-acetyl-L-amino acid. It derives from a L-citrulline. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-citrullinate. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide that is formally derived from glutaric acid by conversion of one of the two carboxylic acid groups to the corresponding amide. It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glutaramate. 
it is a hydride that is the trihydrate of alendronate sodium It has a role as a bone density conservation agent and an EC 2.5.1.1 (dimethylallyltranstransferase) inhibitor. It is an organic sodium salt and a hydrate. It contains an alendronate(1-). Alendronate Sodium is the sodium salt of alendronate, a second generation bisphosphonate and synthetic analog of pyrophosphate with bone anti-resorption activity. Alendronate sodium binds to and inhibits the activity of geranyltranstransferase (farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase), an enzyme involved in terpenoid biosynthesis. Inhibition of this enzyme prevents the biosynthesis of isoprenoid lipids (FPP and GGPP) that are donor substrates of farnesylation and geranylgeranylation during the post-translational modification of small GTPase signalling proteins, which is important in the process of osteoclast turnover. As a result, osteoclast activity is inhibited and bone resorption and turnover are reduced. 
it, also known as it or lys-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Bleomycin appears as colorless or yellowish powder. Possible bluish color depending on copper content. (NTP, 1992) Bleomycin A2 is the primary bleomycin species in bleomycin sulfate, a mixture of the sulfate salts of several basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin A2 forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. (NCI04) Bleomycin Sulfate is a mixture of the sulfate salts of basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin sulfate forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. Bleomycin is a mixture of glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland comprising 39 amino acid residues coupled in a linear sequence. The N-terminal 24-amino acid segment is identical in all species and contains the adrenocorticotrophic activity. it stimulates the cortex of the adrenal gland and boosts the synthesis of corticosteroids, mainly glucocorticoids but also sex steroids (androgens). It is used in the treatment of certain neurological disorders such as infantile spasms and multiple sclerosis, and diagnostically to investigate adrenocortical insufficiency. It has a role as a diagnostic agent. It is a polypeptide, a peptide hormone and a biomacromolecule. 
it is a member of the class of biguanides that is biguanide in which one of the terminal nitrogen atoms is substituted by a phenyl group. It has a role as a central nervous system drug. It derives from a biguanide. 
it, also known as PH ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet and floral taste. 
Dexamethasone Acetate is the acetate salt form of Dexamethasone, a synthetic adrenal corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory properties. In addition to binding to specific nuclear steroid receptors, dexamethasone also interferes with NF-kB activation and apoptotic pathways. This agent lacks the salt-retaining properties of other related adrenal hormones. (NCI04) 
Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate. A coenzyme composed of ribosylnicotinamide 5'-phosphate (NMN) coupled by pyrophosphate linkage to the 5'-phosphate adenosine 2',5'-bisphosphate. It serves as an electron carrier in a number of reactions, being alternately oxidized (it+) and reduced (itH). (Dorland, 27th ed) 
it is dianion of (1S,2R)-1-C-(indol-3-yl)glycerol 3-phosphate arising from deprotonation of both phosphate OH groups. It is a conjugate base of a (1S,2R)-1-C-(indol-3-yl)glycerol 3-phosphate. 
2-(2-Hydroxy-3, 4-dimethoxy-6-{[3, 4, 5-trihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxan-2-yl]oxy}cyclohexylidene)acetonitrile belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. 2-(2-Hydroxy-3, 4-dimethoxy-6-{[3, 4, 5-trihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxan-2-yl]oxy}cyclohexylidene)acetonitrile is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is 5,6-Dihydro-4H-thieno[2,3-b]thiopyran-2-sulfonamide 7,7-dioxide in which hydrogens at the 4 and 6 positions are substituted by ethylamino and methyl groups, respectively (4S, trans-configuration). A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor, it is used as the hydrochloride in ophthalmic solutions to lower increased intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It has a role as an EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor, an antihypertensive agent and an antiglaucoma drug. It is a sulfonamide and a member of thiophenes. it is an inhibitor of carbonic anhydrase, a zinc-containing enzyme that catalyzes the rapid conversion of carbon dioxide and water into carbonic acid, protons and bicarbonate ions. Distributed throughout many cells and tissues, various carbonic anhydrases play important roles in mineral and metabolic homeostasis. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2, 4-triazolo[4, 3-a][1, 4]benzodiazepines. These are aromatic compounds containing a 1, 4-benzodiazepine fused to and sharing a nitrogen atom with a 1, 2, 4-triazole ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a berberine alkaloid isolated from Corydalis saxicola. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a berberine alkaloid. 
it is a white, crystalline solid, with slight sulfurous odor. Used as an insecticide, nematicide and acaricide on many field crops, vegetables, fruits, and ornamentals. (EPA, 1998) it is a carbamate ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an acaricide, an antinematodal drug and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid. 
1,1-methylene bis(4-isocyanatocyclohexane) is a clear colorless to light-yellow liquid. (NIOSH, 2016) it is a diisocyanate consisting of dicyclohexylmethane with two isocyanate groups at the 4- and 4'-positions. It has a role as an allergen. 
it, also known as it or benzyl carbinyl isovalerianate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-phenylethyl 3-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, apricot, and bitter tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages and herbs and spices. This makes 2-phenylethyl 3-methylbutanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
(2-methylphenyl)acetonitrile is a nitrile that is acetonitrile where one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 2-methylphenyl group. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
it is an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antilipemic drug. It derives from a valeric acid. it is a fibric acid derivative with hypolipidemic effects. it interacts with peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARalpha) resulting in PPARalpha-mediated stimulation of fatty acid oxidation and an increase in lipoprotein lipase (LPL) synthesis. This enhances triglyceride-rich lipoprotein clearance and reduces the expression of apolipoprotein C-III (apoC-III). The reduction in hepatic production of apoC-III results in subsequent reduction of serum levels of very-low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C). In addition, it-mediated PPARalpha stimulation of apoA-I and apoA-II expression results in an increase in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). 
it, also known as (+/-)-sphaerosin or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3'-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C3' atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. Thus, sphaerosin is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, sphaerosin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, sphaerosin can be found in a number of food items such as hyacinth bean, yellow wax bean, common bean, and pulses. This makes sphaerosin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kavalactones. These are lactones, which is structurally characterized by a benzene ring and a pyranone moiety, linked to each other to form a 4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1R) with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits IGF-1R, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. Overexpressed in a variety of human cancers, IGF-1R stimulates cell proliferation, enables oncogenic transformation, and suppresses apoptosis. 
it is a tryptamine alkaloid that is N,N-dimethyltryptamine carrying an additional phosphoryloxy substituent at position 4. The major hallucinogenic alkaloid isolated from Psilocybe mushrooms (also known as Teonanacatl or \ it is a tryptamine alkaloid, isolated from various genera of fungi including the genus Psilocybe, with hallucinogenic, anxiolytic, and psychoactive activities. In vivo, ite is rapidly dephosphorylated into the active compound psilocin, which activates serotonin 2A (5-HT2A) receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), mimicking the effects of serotonin. 
it is a member of the class of pteridines that is pteridine in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4, and 7 have been replaed by hydroxy groups. It is a member of pteridines and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. 
it is an enoate ester that is the monomethacryloyl derivative of ethylene glycol. It has a role as a polymerisation monomer and an allergen. It derives from an ethylene glycol and a methacrylic acid. it is a hydroxyester compound and a resin monomer used in desensitizing dentin. By applying it locally to sensitive teeth, sensitive areas in the teeth get sealed and block the dentinal tubules at the dentin surface from stimuli that cause pain. This prevents excitation of the tooth nerve and relieves pain caused by tooth hypersensitivity. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a tetrahydrofuranol and a member of quinazolines. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antihypertensive agent and an alpha-adrenergic antagonist. it is a synthetic quinazoline compound with smooth muscle relaxing activity. it selectively binds to and antagonizes alpha-1-adrenergic receptors in smooth muscle of the bladder neck and prostate, thereby relaxing the smooth muscle and decreasing the obstruction and urethral resistance seen with benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH) and prostate cancer. This agent also blocks alpha-1-adrenergic receptors in peripheral vascular smooth muscle, which leads to vasodilatation and a subsequent decrease in peripheral vascular resistance. 
it is a tertiary amino compound that consists of iminodiacetic acid bearing an N-phosphonomethyl substituent. It is a glycine derivative, an amino dicarboxylic acid, a member of phosphonic acids and a tertiary amino compound. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a pyrazoloquinoline that is (4aR,8aR)-4,4a,5,6,7,8,8a,9-octahydro-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-g]quinoline substituted by a propyl group at position 5. It acts as a dopamine agonist. It has a role as a dopamine agonist. 
Ac-Tyr-Val-Ala-Asp-7-amino-4-trifluoromethylcoumarin is a tetrapeptide obtained by formal condensation of the C-terminal carboxy group of Ac-Tyr-Val-Ala-Asp with the amino group of 7-amino-4-trifluoromethylcoumarin. It has a role as a protease inhibitor. It is a tetrapeptide, a member of acetamides, a member of coumarins and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a 7-amino-4-(trifluoromethyl)coumarin. 
Potassium fluorosilicate appears as a white, odorless crystalline powder. Denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
Cholesta-5,7-dien-3beta-ol is a 3beta-sterol, a cholestanoid and a Delta(5),Delta(7)-sterol. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
A complex of polyene antibiotics obtained from Streptomyces itensis. it III alters membrane function by interfering with membrane sterols, inhibits mitochondrial respiration, and is proposed as an antifungal agent. its I, II, and IV are less important. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an amine-like odor. Slightly less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. May emit toxic oxides of nitrogen when heated to high temperatures May cause irritate the skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an isoprostane that is prostaglandin F2alpha having inverted stereochemistry at the 8-position. It has a role as a bronchoconstrictor agent, a vasoconstrictor agent and a biomarker. It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
Thiourea, (2-chlorophenyl)- appears as needles or plates. Used as an herbicide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a sesquiterpenoid that is 2-methylhept-2-en-4-one substituted by a 4-methylphenyl group at position 6. It has been isolated from Peltophorum dasyrachis. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid and an enone. 
Extracts of urine from menopausal women that contain high concentrations of pituitary gonadotropins, FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE and LUTEINIZING HORMONE. Menotropins are used to treat infertility. The FSH:LH ratio and degree of purity vary in different preparations. 
it appears as a colorless gas having a strong odor of rotten eggs. Boiling point -60.2Â°C. Shipped as a liquid confined under its own vapor pressure. Density (liquid) 8.3 lb / gal. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Gas is very toxic by inhalation. Fatigues the sense of smell which cannot be counted on to warn of the continued presence of the gas. Prolonged exposure of closed containers to heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing.   Rate of onset: Immediate & Delayed  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 0.1 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Disinfectant lubricant/oils; interm for HC manufacture; deadens sense of smell. Sulfur atom is a nonmetal atom and a chalcogen. It has a role as a macronutrient. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is urea in which one of the nitrogens has been substituted by a (2-carboxyphenyl)sulfonyl group, while the other has been substituted by a 4-chloro-6-methoxypyrimidin-2-yl group. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used (generally as the corresponding ethyl ester) as a herbicide. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzoic acids, a N-sulfonylurea, a member of pyrimidines, an organochlorine pesticide, an aromatic ether and a sulfamoylbenzoate. 
it is a beta-amino-acid that is isobutyric acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by an amino group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isobutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-aminoisobutyrate. It is a tautomer of a 3-aminoisobutanoic acid zwitterion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as secondary alcohols. Secondary alcohols are compounds containing a secondary alcohol functional group, with the general structure HOC(R)(R') (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an omega-aminoaldehyde that is butanal in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl group has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an omega-aminoaldehyde and an aminobutanal. It is a conjugate base of a 4-ammoniobutanal. 
Cinchocaine hydrochloride is the monohydrochloride salt of cinchocaine. It is used in creams, ointments and suppositories for temporary relief of pain and itching associated with skin and anorectal conditions. It contains a cinchocaine. 
it is a secondary alcohol that is ethanol in which one of the hydrogens at position 1 has been replaced by a cyclopentyl group. It is a member of cyclopentanes and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a white powder with a flat taste. An essential amino acid; occurs in isomeric forms. (NTP, 1992) it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an antidepressant, a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an erythrose 4-phosphate/phosphoenolpyruvate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a itium. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is the least plentiful of all 22 amino acids and an essential amino acid in humans (provided by food), it is found in most proteins and a precursor of serotonin. it is converted to 5-hydroxy-it (5-HTP), converted in turn to serotonin, a neurotransmitter essential in regulating appetite, sleep, mood, and pain. it is a natural sedative and present in dairy products, meats, brown rice, fish, and soybeans. (NCI04) 
it, solid appears as crystalline mass or flaky solid with a fatty appearance. Density 3.95 g / cm3. Melting point 247Â°C. Burns, but may be difficult to ignite. Toxic by ingestion. Irritates skin and eyes. Used in the manufacture of dyes, pharmaceuticals and as a tanning agent. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that consists of chrysoeriol substituted by a 1,5-anhydro-D-glucitol moiety at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a C-glycosyl compound. It derives from a 4',5,7-trihydroxy-3'-methoxyflavone. It is a conjugate acid of an it-7-olate. 
Pyroglutamine is a dicarboximide that is piperidine-2,6-dione substituted at position 3 by an amino group. It is a dicarboximide, a member of piperidones and a primary amino compound. It derives from a piperidine-2,6-dione. It is a conjugate base of a pyroglutamine(1+). 
it is a steroid saponin that consists of (25R)-5alpha-spirostan-3beta-ol substituted by an oxo group at position 12 and a beta-D-galactopyranosyl moiety at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It is a monosaccharide derivative, a steroid saponin and an oxaspiro compound. It derives from a hydride of a (25R)-5alpha-spirostan. 
it is a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone that is 1,3,6,8-tetrahydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone bearing a 1-hydroxyhexyl substituent at position 2. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a polyketide and a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of xylazine. It is used as a sedative, analgesic, and muscle relaxant in veterinary medicine. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, an analgesic, an emetic, a muscle relaxant and a sedative. It contains a xylazine(1+). 
it is a D-phenylalanine derivative that is D-phenylalanine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group has been replaced by a benzoyl group. It has a role as an insulin secretagogue and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a D-phenylalanine derivative and a 2-(benzoylamino)-3-phenylpropanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a N-benzoyl-L-phenylalanine. 
it is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride that is furan-2,5-dione substituted by at position 3 by a carboxymethyl group and a hexyl group at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride, a member of furans and a dioxo monocarboxylic acid. 
A muscarinic antagonist used mainly in the treatment of urinary syndromes. It is incompletely absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and does not cross the blood-brain barrier. 
it, also known as oxydiethane-1, 2-diyl distearate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a tetracenomycin that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of the antitumour drug mithramycin by Streptomyces argillaceus. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a trisaccharide derivative, an enone, a tetracenomycin, a polyphenol, an enol, an ether, a cyclic ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
p-Menth-1-en-9-ol acetate, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. p-Menth-1-en-9-ol acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, p-menth-1-en-9-ol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. p-Menth-1-en-9-ol acetate is a fruity, herbal, and spicy tasting compound that can be found in mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine) and spearmint. This makes p-menth-1-en-9-ol acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a quinolone that is 1-methylquinolin-2-one which carries a 3-chlorophenyl and an amino(4-chlorophenyl)(1-methyl-imidazol-5-yl)methyl groups at the 4 and 6 positions, respectively (the R-isomer). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a quinolone, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of imidazoles and a primary amino compound. it is a nonpeptidomimetic quinolinone with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the enzyme farnesyl protein transferase, an enzyme involved in protein processing (farnesylation) for signal transduction. By inhibiting the farnesylation of proteins, this agent prevents the activation of Ras oncogenes, inhibits cell growth, induces apoptosis, and inhibits angiogenesis. (NCI04) 
it is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of indole-3-acetic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an indole-3-acetic acid. 
it is a member of the class of delta-lactams that is 2-piperidinone in which the amide hydrogen is replaced by a 4-bromobutyl group. It is a delta-lactam and an organobromine compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a faint odor similar to ammonia. About the same density as water. Flash point 145Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. May by toxic by skin absorption. May irritate eyes and skin. it is a member of the class of acetamides that is acetamide in which the hydrogens attached to the N atom have been replaced by two methyl groups respectively. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of acetamides and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an acetamide. 
6,12-dimethyldibenzo[d,d']benzo[1,2-b:4,5-b']bisthiophene is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is p-xylene in which the 2-3 and 5-6 bonds of the benzene ring have each been fused with the b edge of a benzothiophene moiety. It has a role as a mutagen. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an organosulfur heterocyclic compound. 
it is an plant belonging to the Borganinaceae family, extracts of the leaves and roots of which has been used as an herbal to treat wounds and to decrease pain and inflammation associated with arthritis, sprains and bone fractures. it, however, also contains pyrrolizidine alkaloids and, when taken orally, can cause sinusoidal obstruction syndrome and severe liver injury. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid comprising a glutaric acid core with a methylene group at the 2-position. It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methylideneglutarate(2-). 
it is a secondary alcohol that is nonane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a pheromone and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a nonane. 
it is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of 4-tert-butylbenzoic acid with ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a penicillinate anion. It is a conjugate base of a benzylpenicillin. it is a lyophilized formulation containing cultures of a low-virulent strain of Streptococcus pyogenes, treated and killed with penicillin G, with potential sclerosing, immunostimulating and antineoplastic activity. Besides from it's direct damaging effect as a sclerosing agent, it seems to have multiple effects on the immune system as a non-specific immunostimulant. it activates the host immune system by stimulating the activity of natural killer cells, macrophages and lymphocytes, and by enhancing the production of several key immune mediators, including interleukins and tumor necrosis factor. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make plastics and paints. 
2-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-4-ium-1-yl]ethanesulfonate is a HEPES that is ethanesulfonate substituted by a 4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-4-ium-1-yl group at position 2. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl]ethanesulfonate. It is a tautomer of a 2-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl]ethanesulfonic acid. 
it is a hexitol derivative that is D-mannitol in which the hydroxy group at position 1 is replaced by the alpha-amino group of L-glutamine. It is produced in crown gall tumours induced in a wide range of dicotyledenous plants by Agrobacterium tumefaciens. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hexitol derivative, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a secondary amino compound, an amino acid opine, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-glutamine derivative. It derives from a D-mannitol. 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidine that is N-phenylpyrimidin-2-amine carrying additional cyclopropyl and methyl substituents at positions 4 and 6 respectively. A broad spectrum fungicide used to control a range of pathogens including Tapesia yallundae, Botrytis spp., Alternaria spp. and Rhynchospium secalis. Whilst it is a recognised irritant no serious human health concerns have been identified. It is moderately toxic to birds as well as most aquatic organisms and earthworms, but it is not considered toxic to honeybees. It has a role as an aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aminopyrimidine, a secondary amino compound, a member of cyclopropanes and an anilinopyrimidine fungicide. 
it is a sulfone that is diphenylsulfone in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted by chlorine at position 4, while the other is substituted by a chlorine at positions 2, 4, and 5. It is an organochlorine acaricide, a trichlorobenzene, a sulfone and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a hydrate. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent. It contains a lisinopril. Lisinopril is an orally bioavailable, long-acting angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Lisinopril, a synthetic peptide derivative, specifically and competitively inhibits ACE, which results in a decrease in the production of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and, so, diminished vasopressor activity. In addition, angiotensin II-stimulated aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex is decreased which results in a decrease in sodium and water retention and an increase in serum potassium. 
it is a dark colored liquid. It is a wettable powder or water emulsifiable liquid. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It is used as a pesticide. Practically insoluble in water (10.5 mg/L). Used as an acaricide. it is a sulfite ester and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as a sulfite ester acaricide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Phosphoribosyl-ATP belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine ribonucleoside triphosphates. These are purine ribobucleotides with a triphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety. Phosphoribosyl-ATP is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Phosphoribosyl-ATP exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, phosphoribosyl-ATP can be found in a number of food items such as black huckleberry, nance, devilfish, and pineappple sage. This makes phosphoribosyl-ATP a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Mitobronitol is a brominated analog of mannitol with potential antineoplastic activity. Mitobronitol most likely acts through alkylation via derived epoxide groups. 
it is a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid that is estriol in which the hydroxy group at position 3 is replaced by an allyloxy group. It is a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from an estriol. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it is (3R,5S)-3,5-dihydroxyhept-6-enoic acid in which the (7E)-hydrogen is substituted by a 4-(4-fluorophenyl)-2,6-diisopropyl-5-(methoxymethyl)pyridin-3-yl group. Formerly used (as its sodium salt) to lower cholesterol and prevent cardiovascular disease, it was withdrawn from the market worldwide in 2001 following reports of a severe form of muscle toxicity. It is a member of pyridines, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a statin (synthetic). It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a synthetic lipid-lowering agent. it competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses by suppressing major histocompatibility complex II on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. Muscle toxicity (myopathy and rhabdomyolysis) precludes the clinical use of this agent. 
it is an arginine derivative that is L-arginine substituted by a phosphono group at N(omega)-position. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a phosphagen, a L-arginine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a phosphoamino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N(omega)-phosphonato-L-arginine. 
it is a ketoaldonic acid and a hexonic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a D-gluconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-dehydro-D-gluconate. It is an enantiomer of a 5-dehydro-L-gluconic acid. 
Ionic monomeric contrast media. Usually the sodium or calcium salts are used for examination of the gall bladder and biliary tract. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p704) 
it appears as a clear, nontoxic liquid composed of hydrogen and oxygen, essential for life and the most widely used solvent. Include it in a mixture to learn how it could react with other chemicals in the mixture. it is an oxygen hydride consisting of an oxygen atom that is covalently bonded to two hydrogen atoms. It has a role as an amphiprotic solvent, a member of greenhouse gas, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an oxygen hydride, a mononuclear parent hydride and an inorganic hydroxy compound. It is a conjugate base of an oxonium. It is a conjugate acid of a hydroxide. H2O, a clear, colorless, odorless, tasteless liquid that freezes into ice below 0 degrees centigrade and boils above 100 degrees centigrade. 
it is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid (stearic acid), obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion and a 2-hydroxy fatty acid anion 18:0. It derives from an octadecanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. 
Cryptotanshinone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tanshinones, isotanshinones, and derivatives. These are a group of abietane-type norditerpenoid quinones. Cryptotanshinone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cryptotanshinone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cryptotanshinone can be found in herbs and spices. This makes cryptotanshinone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a silyl ether that is benzyl alcohol in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a trimethylsilyl group. It is a silyl ether and a member of benzenes. It derives from a benzyl alcohol. 
it is a broad-spectrum, semisynthetic penicillin derivative with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it is a clear colorless liquid with a sweet fruity odor. (NTP, 1992) it is an ether in which the two groups attached to the central oxygen atom are methyl and 2,2-dichloro-1,1-difluoroethyl. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic, a non-narcotic analgesic, a hepatotoxic agent and a nephrotoxic agent. It is an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and an ether. 
it is a hexadec-9-enoate that is the conjugate base of palmitoleic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a palmitoleic acid. 
it is a carboxamide, the structure of which is that of acetamide substituted on carbon by a 2',3-dimethyl-2,4'-bipyridin-5-yl group and on nitrogen by a 5-(pyrazin-2-yl)pyridin-2-yl group. It is a highly potent, selective and orally bioavailable Porcupine inhibitor (a Wnt signalling inhibitor). It has a role as a Wnt signalling inhibitor. It is a member of bipyridines, a member of pyrazines, a member of pyridines and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from an acetamide. 
A macrolide isolated from the culture broth of a strain of Streptomyces tsukubaensis that has strong immunosuppressive activity in vivo and prevents the activation of T-lymphocytes in response to antigenic or mitogenic stimulation in vitro. 
Trisodium phosphonoformate hexahydrate is the hexahydrate form of trisodium phosphonoformate. It is used as an antiviral agent in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV retinitis, an inflamation of the retina that can lead to blindness) and as an alternative to ganciclovir for AIDS patients who require concurrent antiretroviral therapy but are unable to tolerate ganciclovir due to haematological toxicity. It has a role as an antiviral drug. It is a hydrate and a one-carbon compound. It contains a trisodium phosphonoformate. Foscarnet Sodium is the trisodium salt of a synthetic organic analogue of inorganic pyrophosphate with antiviral activity. Foscarnet selectively blocks the pyrophosphate binding site of herpesvirus-specific DNA polymerases at concentrations that do not affect cellular DNA polymerases. This agent does not require phosphorylation by thymidine kinase (TK) or other kinases and therefore is active in vitro against herpes simplex virus (HSV) TK deficient mutants and cytomegalovirus (CMV) UL97 mutants. Because foscarnet crosses the blood brain barrier, it may be used in the treatment of viral infections of the CNS. 
it is an odorless white powder. Tasteless. pH 7.5. Occurs in three crystalline forms. (NTP, 1992) it is a titanium oxide with the formula TiO2. A naturally occurring oxide sourced from ilmenite, it and anatase, it has a wide range of applications. It has a role as a food colouring. 
it is an aryl phosphate resulting from the formal condensation of phosphoric acid with 1 mol eq. of 1-naphthol. It is a substrate for phosphatase. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is 7H-furo[3,2-g]chromene having a keto group at position 7. It has been found in plants like Psoralea corylifolia and Ficus salicifolia. It has a role as a plant metabolite. it is a it that intercalates with DNA, inhibiting DNA synthesis and cell division. it is used in Photochemotherapy with high-intensity long-wavelength UVA irradiation. its are tricyclic furocumarins and have a strong tendency to intercalate with DNA base pairs. Irradiation of nucleic acids in the presence of it with long wave UV (~360 nm) results in the 2+2 cyclo- addition of either of its two photoreactive sites with 5,6-carbon bonds of pyrimidines resulting in crosslinking double-stranded nucleic acids. 
Sec-butyl methoxypyrazine, also known as it or fema 3433, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. Sec-butyl methoxypyrazine is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, sec-butyl methoxypyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Sec-butyl methoxypyrazine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Sec-butyl methoxypyrazine is a bell, carrot, and earth tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as orange bell pepper, alcoholic beverages, green bell pepper, and wild carrot. This makes sec-butyl methoxypyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an N-acyl-amino acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2R)-2-[2-(hydroxyamino)-2-oxoethyl]-4-methylpentanoic acid with the amino group of N-methyl-L-tryptophanamide. A cell permeable broad-spectrum matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) inhibitor It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.24 (gelatinase A) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antibacterial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a L-tryptophan derivative, a hydroxamic acid and a N-acyl-amino acid. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is oleanane substituted by a hydroxy group at the 3beta-position and with a double bond between positioins 18 and 19. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a member of the class of oxanes that is tetrahydro-2H-pyran which is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by an isoprop-1-enyl group and a methyl group, respectively. Organic compound of the pyran class and the monoterpene class and a fragrance found in roses and rose oil. All four possible stereoisomers are known; the 2S,4R and 2S,4S diastereoisomers [also known as the (-)-cis- and (-)-trans-isomers, respectively] are the main constituents in several essential oils and are used as a food flavouring and in perfumes and cosmetics. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid, a member of oxanes and an olefinic compound. 
5S, 6S-Epoxy-15R-hydroxy-ete belongs to the class of organic compounds known as polyethylene glycols. These are oligomers or polymers of ethylene oxide, with the general formula (C2H4O)n (with n>=3). 5S, 6S-Epoxy-15R-hydroxy-ete exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a white crystalline solid with a rancid odor. Melting point 31.5Â°C. Soluble in most organic solvents and in dilute nitric acid; non-toxic. Used to make esters for perfumes and fruit flavors and as an intermediate for food-grade additives. it is a C10, straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, a human metabolite, a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a decanoate. It derives from a hydride of a decane. it is a saturated medium-chain fatty acid with a 10-carbon backbone. Capric acid is found naturally in the coconut and palm kernel oils as well as the milk of various mammals. 
it is an L-arginine derivative in which the omega-nitrogen atom carries a hydroxy group and the delta-nitrogen atom carries a methyl group; major species at pH 7.3. It derives from a L-argininium(1+). 
3-[(2-Mercapto-1-methylpropyl)thio]-2-butanol, also known as fema 3509, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as secondary alcohols. Secondary alcohols are compounds containing a secondary alcohol functional group, with the general structure HOC(R)(R') (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). 3-[(2-Mercapto-1-methylpropyl)thio]-2-butanol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-[(2-mercapto-1-methylpropyl)thio]-2-butanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-[(2-Mercapto-1-methylpropyl)thio]-2-butanol has a burnt, fatty, and meaty taste. 
it is a fluorinated nucleotide antimetabolite analog of the antiviral agent vidarabine (ara-A) with antineoplastic activity. Administered parenterally as a phosphate salt, it phosphate is rapidly dephosphorylated to 2-fluoro-ara-A and then phosphorylated intracellularly by deoxycytidine kinase to the active triphosphate, 2-fluoro-ara-ATP. This metabolite may inhibit DNA polymerase alpha, ribonucleotide reductase and DNA primase, thereby interrupting DNA synthesis and inhibiting tumor cell growth. (NCI04) 
it is a natural aporphine benzylisoquinoline vinca alkaloid with antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits p-glycoprotein, the multidrug resistance efflux pump. it also induces single-strand breaks in DNA and arrests cancer cells at the G2/M and G1 phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
Amodiaquine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of amodiaquine, an orally active 4-aminoquinoline derivative with antimalarial and anti-inflammatory properties. Similar in structure and activity to chloroquine, amodiaquine is effective against some chloroquine-resistant strains, particularly Plasmodium falciparum, the most deadly malaria parasite. Although the mechanism of plasmodicidal action has not been fully elucidated, like other quinoline derivatives, amodiaquine likely is able to inhibit heme polymerase activity in the body. This results in accumulation of free heme, which is toxic to the parasites. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections. it is a cytidine analogue and nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) with anti-HIV activity. it is effective against nucleoside-resistant HIV. 
it is a polyphenol which is the benzoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the hydroxy ester derivative produced by the successive intermolecular condensation of 3 molecules of 2,4-dihydroxy-6-(2-hydroxypropyl)benzoic acid with the carboxy OH of o-orsellinic acid. It is isolated from the Fungus strain no.17415 and exhibits activity against the infectivity of influenza A virus. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor. It is a polyphenol and a benzoate ester. It derives from an o-orsellinic acid. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-(3,4-dihydroxybenzoyloxy)-4,6-dihydroxybenzoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 2-(3,4-dihydroxybenzoyloxy)-4,6-dihydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is 19-norcholesta-1,3,5(10)-triene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It is isolated from Hainan soft coral Dendronephthya studeri. It has a role as a coral metabolite. 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is m-[(4-sulfophenyl)diazenyl]benzene-1-sulfonic acid carrying a (2-hydroxynaphthalen-1-yl)diazenyl substituent at position 2. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'Biebrich scarlet'. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a member of naphthols, a bis(azo) compound, a member of azobenzenes and an arenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a Biebrich scarlet(2-). 
Cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-galactoside chloride is a memeber of the class of anthocyanin chlorides that has cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-galactoside as the cationic counterpart. It contains a cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-galactoside. 
Rosuvastatin Calcium is the calcium salt form of rosuvastatin, a statin with antilipidemic activity. Rosuvastatin selectively and competitively binds to and inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a precursor of cholesterol. This leads to a decrease in hepatic cholesterol levels and increase in uptake of LDL cholesterol. 
it is a member of N-acylneuraminates. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N-glycoloylneuraminic acid. 
it, also known as 6-hi-3a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxyindoles. These are organic compounds containing an indole moiety that carries a hydroxyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydroxyaurone that is aurone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 6 and a methylenedioxy group across positions 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an aurone. 
it appears as yellow-pink crystals or off-white powder. Sensitive to light. it is a member of the class of N-nitrosoureas that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by ethyl and nitroso groups. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a mutagen, a carcinogenic agent and a genotoxin. It derives from a urea. it is a nitrosourea with potential antineoplastic activity. Used experimentally as a mutagen and carcinogen, ethylnitrosourea alkylates DNA and proteins, thereby damaging DNA and inducing point mutations. (NCI04) 
A hydrazone and pyridazine derivative; the levo-form is a phosphodiesterase III inhibitor, calcium-sensitizing agent, and inotropic agent that is used in the treatment of HEART FAILURE. 
it is an alkane-alpha,omega-diamine comprising a straight-chain pentane core with amino substitutents at positions 1 and 5. A colourless syrupy liquid diamine with a distinctive unpleasant odour, it is a homologue of putresceine and is formed by the bacterial decarboxylation of lysine that occurs during protein hydrolysis during putrefaction of animal tissue. It is also found in plants such as soyabean. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a colorless, poisonous, nonflammable, compressed gas with a pungent odor. It is extremely irritating to skin, eyes and mucus membranes. It is very toxic by inhalation and can cause pulmonary edema. Toxic and corrosive fumes are generated when this material is exposed to water or steam. Prolonged exposure of the containers to fire or heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. It is used as a polymerization catalyst. 
it, also known as 2-tcb, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 1H-benzimidazole which is substituted by a 8-(4-aminopiperidin-1-yl)quinolin-2-yl group at position 1 and by a (3-methyloxetan-3-yl)methoxy group at position 5. It is an inhibitor of type III tyrosine kinases, PDGFRalpha/beta and FLT3 (IC50 of 11, 3.2, and 4 nM). Currently under clinical development for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of benzimidazoles, an aromatic ether, a member of quinolines, a member of oxetanes, an aminopiperidine and a tertiary amino compound. it is an orally bioavailable benzimidazole targeting the platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) subtypes alpha and beta and FMS-related tyrosine kinase 3 (Flt3), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to and inhibits both wild-type and mutated forms of PDGFR and Flt3, which may result in the inhibition of PDGFR- and Flt3-related signal transduction pathways. This results in inhibition of tumor angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation in PDGFR and/or Flt3 overexpressing tumor cells. PDGFR and Flt3, class III receptor tyrosine kinases, are upregulated or mutated in many tumor cell types. 
it, also known as 6-ethyl-4, 5, 7-trithiadecane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, propyl 1-(propylthio)propyl disulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, propyl 1-(propylthio)propyl disulfide can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes propyl 1-(propylthio)propyl disulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a glycinyl ester, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an immunosuppressive agent. It derives from a cortisone. 
it is a 3-aminoalanine that has R configuration. It is a 3-aminoalanine and a D-alanine derivative. It is an enantiomer of a 3-amino-L-alanine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a pyridazinone that is 1-(p-chlorophenyl)pyridazin-4-one which is substituted at positione 5 and 6 by carboxy and ethyl groups, respectively. It is used (particularly as the potassium salt, known as it-potassium) as a chemical hybridisation agent for commercial hybrid seed production. It is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a chemical hybridisation agent. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a monocarboxylic acid, a pyridazinone and a biaryl. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid that is nicotinic acid substituted at position 2 by a (2-methyl-3-chlorophenyl)amino group. Used (as its lysine salt) for treatment of renal colic, muscular pain and moderately severe migraine attacks. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic, a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a vasodilator agent, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and a lipoxygenase inhibitor. It is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid, an aminopyridine and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as white or yellowish odorless powder or small crystals. Mp: 1580Â°C (with decomposition). Density: 4.25 -4.5 g cm-3. Insoluble in water, dilute acids, alcohol. Soluble in hot concentrated sulfuric acid. Used as a weighting mud in oil-drilling, in paints, paper coatings, linoleum, textiles, rubber. Administered internally (\ it is a metal sulfate with formula BaO4S. Virtually insoluble in water at room temperature, it is mostly used as a component in oil well drilling fluid it occurs naturally as the mineral it. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. It is a barium salt and a metal sulfate. it is the sulfate salt of barium, an alkaline, divalent metal. it is quite insoluble in water, and is used as a radiopaque agent to diagnose gastrointestinal medical conditions. it is taken by mouth or given rectally. (NCI04) 
it is a dimethoxyflavone that is the 6,4'-dimethyl ether derivative of scutellarein. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a scutellarein. 
it(1-) is a thia-alkylglucosinolate resulting from the removal of the proton of the hydrogen sulfate group of it. It derives from a propylglucosinolate. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Density 2.1 g / cm3. Melting point 205Â°C. Combustible. Irritates skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Low toxicity. Used to make dyes and other chemicals. it is the simplest of the its consisting of a single sulfur atom covalently bound by single bonds to hydroxy and amino groups and by double bonds to two oxygen atoms. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that is butan-2-ol in which a hydrogen from each of positions 2, 3, and 4 has been replaced by carboxy groups. It is a tricarboxylic acid, a methylisocitric acid and a tertiary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxybutane-1,2,3-tricarboxylate. 
Trabectedin is natural product derived from the Caribbean sea squirt which has antineoplastic activity and is used to treat soft tissue sarcoma. Trabectedin therapy is associated with a high rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during treatment and with occasional instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2E)-2-cyano-3-[4-hydroxy-3,5-di(propan-2-yl)phenyl]prop-2-enoic acid with the amino group of 3-phenylpropylamine. It has a role as a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. It is an enamide, a member of phenols, a nitrile, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a secondary carboxamide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as paradols. Paradols are compounds containing a paradol moiety, which is consists of a benzene ring with a decan-3-one moiety, a methoxyl group, and a hydroxyl group at positions 1, 3, and 4 respectively. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages, ginger, and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of naphthopyrans that is 4,10-dihydro-3H-naphtho[2,3-c]pyran-3-yl]acetic acid bearing additional methyl, hydroxy and oxo substituents at positions 1, 9 and 10 respectively. It is a polyketide, a naphthopyran, a member of phenols, an aromatic ketone, a cyclic ketone and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an organic calcium salt. It contains a nedocromil(2-). it is the calcium salt form of nedocromil, a pyranoquinolone derivative with anti-inflammatory properties. Nedocromil inhibits the activation and release of inflammatory mediators (leukotrienes, histamine and prostaglandins) from a variety of cells involved in hypersensitivity reactions, including mast cells, eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages, monocytes and platelets. As a result, nedocromil sodium inhibits both immediate and late bronchoconstriction, decreases bronchial hyperresponsiveness and inhibits recruitment of other inflammatory cells into the airway epithelium. 
it is a prenylcysteine where the prenyl moiety is attached to the side-chain sulfur atom of L-cysteine. It is a prenylcysteine, a L-cysteine thioether and a S-hydrocarbyl-L-cysteine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow fuming liquid with a suffocating pungent odor. Boiling point 79Â°C. A lachrymator. Highly corrosive and toxic. Long-term inhalation of low concentrations or short-term inhalation of high concentrations has adverse health effects. it is a sulfinyl halide in which both of the halide atoms are chorines. It is a sulfinyl halide and a chlorine molecular entity. 
it is the O-phospho derivative of L-histidinol. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a L-histidinol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester of linoleic acid. It has been isolated from Neolitsea daibuensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
Flutemetamol ((18)F) is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is 1,3-benzothiazole substituted by 3-((18)F)fluoro-4-(methylamino)phenyl and hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 6 respectively. A positron emission tomography imaging ligand for the detection of amyloid aggregation associated with Alzheimer disease. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. It is a (18)F radiopharmaceutical, a member of benzothiazoles, an aromatic amine and a secondary amino compound. it is a radiopharmaceutical containing flutemetamol, a thioflavin derivative of Pittsburgh compound B (PiB) labeled with the radioisotope fluorine F18 that can be used to detect beta-amyloid deposition upon positron emission tomography (PET). After intravenous administration of flutemetamol F 18, the flutemetamol moiety selectively accumulates in and binds to cerebral fibrillar amyloid-beta in the brain. The fluorine F18 radioisotope moiety is detected using PET, which allows imaging and quantification of amyloid-beta density. Amyloid plaque deposition is linked to cognitive decline, including Alzheimer's disease, and may be linked to chemotherapy-induced cognitive impairment (CICI). 
it is a member of 1,3,4-oxadiazoles, a member of furans and a C-nitro compound. It derives from an acetic acid. 
A rapid-onset, short-acting cholinesterase inhibitor used in cardiac arrhythmias and in the diagnosis of myasthenia gravis. It has also been used as an antidote to curare principles. 
it is the parent member of the class of its that is flavone which carries a methoxy group at the 3'-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide, a member of pyrazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an organosulfur compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a penetrating pungent odor. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Both the fumes and very short contact with the liquid can cause severe and painful burns. Used in water fluoridation, in hardening cement and ceramics, as a wood preservative. 
it is a tertiary amine oxide resulting from the oxidation of the pyrrolidine nitrogen of nicotine. It is a member of pyrrolidine N-oxides and a member of pyridines. It derives from a hydride of a nicotine. 
it is a beta-naphtol derivative that inhibits NAD-dependant deacetylases to reduce cell survival under stress. This activity is currently being investigated for its use as a cancer treatment. 
it is alpha-Ergocryptine in which a single bond replaces the double bond between positions 9 and 10. It derives from an alpha-ergocryptine. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 
it is a chloroethylamine derivative, with alkylating activity. it alkylates DNA and forms DNA-DNA crosslinks, which result in the inhibition of DNA, RNA and protein synthesis and ultimately the induction of apoptosis. 
Quassimarin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quassinoids. These are a group of compounds chemically degraded from triterpenes. According to their basic skeleton, quassinoids are categorized into five distinct groups, C-18, C-19, C-20, C-22 and C-25 types. The C-20 quassinoids can be further classified into two types, tetracyclic and the pentacyclic. The tetracyclic variety does not have oxygenation at C-20, while the pentacyclic quassinoids possess additional oxygenation at C-20 that allows for the formation of an additional ring. Quassimarin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, quassimarin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is cytidine in which one of the exocyclic amino hydrogens is substituted by an acetyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of cytidines, a member of acetamides and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a fatty acid ethyl ester of decanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a fatty acid ethyl ester and a decanoate ester. 
it is the calcium salt of the water-soluble vitamin B5, ubiquitously found in plants and animal tissues with antioxidant property. Pentothenate is a component of coenzyme A (CoA) and a part of the vitamin B2 complex. Vitamin B5 is a growth factor and is essential for various metabolic functions, including the metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, and fatty acids. This vitamin is also involved in the synthesis of cholesterol, lipids, neurotransmitters, steroid hormones, and hemoglobin. 
it is an orally administered tropomyosin receptor kinase (Trk) inhibitor with demonstrated antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to Trk, thereby preventing neurotrophin-Trk interaction and Trk activation, which results in both the induction of cellular apoptosis and the inhibition of cell growth in tumors that overexpress Trk. Trk, a receptor tyrosine kinase activated by neurotrophins, is mutated in a variety of cancer cell types and plays an important role in tumor cell growth and survival.  Originally discovered by Array BioPharma, the agent was ultimately licensed to Loxo Oncology in 2013. it is another example of innovative new cancer therapy medications that target key, specific genetic biomarker drivers of cancer rather than particular types of tumors. it is an orally available, tropomyosin receptor kinase (Trk) inhibitor, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to Trk, thereby preventing neurotrophin-Trk interaction and Trk activation, which results in both the induction of cellular apoptosis and the inhibition of cell growth in tumors that overexpress Trk. Trk, a receptor tyrosine kinase activated by neurotrophins, is mutated in a variety of cancer cell types and plays an important role in tumor cell growth and survival. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-(1H-indol-3-yl)propanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-(1H-indol-3-yl)propanoic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by the formal condensation of valeric acid with ammonia. It derives from a valeric acid. 
Needle-like crystals. Used in the manufacture of rodenticides and in medical genetics. (EPA, 1998) it is a member of the class of thioureas that is thiourea in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a phenyl group. Depending on their genetic makeup, humans find it either very bitter-tasting or tasteless. This unusual property resulted in it being used in paternity testing prior to the advent of DNA testing. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It derives from a thiourea. 
Three, alpha, beta, and gamma isomers of ultraviolet degradation products of colchicine that lack many of the physiological actions of the parent; used as experimental control for colchicine actions. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
5-tert-Butyl-2,4,6-trinitro-m-xylene is a white to light-colored crystalline solid. It is insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a C-nitro compound that is m-xylene bearing three nitro substituents at positions 2, 4 and 6 as well as a tert-butyl group at position 5. It has a role as an explosive, a fragrance and a carcinogenic agent. It derives from a 1,3,5-trinitrobenzene and a m-xylene. 
it is conjugate base of 5-chlorosalicylic acid. It is a chlorobenzoate and a hydroxybenzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 5-chlorosalicylic acid. 
Methyl trifluoromethane sulfonate is a brown liquid. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) This material is a very reactive methylating agent, also known as it. 
Amarogentin is a secoiridoid glycoside that consists of (4aS,5R,6R)-5-ethenyl-6-hydroxy-4,4a,5,6-tetrahydro-1H,3H-pyrano[3,4-c]pyran-1-one having a 2-O-[(3,3',5-trihydroxybiphenyl-2-yl)carbonyl]-beta-D-glucopyranosyl group attached at position 6 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a secoiridoid glycoside and a monosaccharide derivative. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is 3a,12a-dihydroanthra[2,3-b]furo[3,2-d]furan-5,10-dione carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 4, 6 and 8. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a cyclic acetal, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a polyphenol and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a piperidine compound having a 2-(4-methoxyphenyl)ethyl group at the 1-position and an N-[(4-fluorobenzyl)benzimidazol-2-yl]amino group at the 4-position. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of benzimidazoles and a member of piperidines. it is a synthetic piperidinyl-benzimidazol derivative with antiallergic properties, it acts as a reversible competitive inhibitor of histamine H1 receptors, with less anticholinergic effects compared to related agents. It is a long-acting, non-sedative antihistaminic used in the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis, asthma, allergic conjunctivitis, and chronic idiopathic urticaria. (NCI04) 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of heptanoic acid; shown in myocardial ischaemia/reperfusion studies to increase levels of C4 Kreb's cycle intermediates. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a medium-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a heptanoic acid. 
it is a sulfonamide resulting from the formal condensation of the sulfonic acid group of 5-ethoxy-7-fluoro[1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-c]pyrimidine-2-sulfonic acid with the amino group of 2-amino-3-chlorobenzoic acid. The methyl ester of it, generally known as it-methyl, is used as a herbicide for the control of post-emergence control of broad-leaved weeds in soybeans. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a sulfonamide, an aromatic ether, an organofluorine compound, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of triazolopyrimidines. 
Glycerol 2-phosphate is a glycerol monophosphate having the phosphate group at the 2-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a glycerol 2-phosphate(2-). 
it is a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid that is glutaric acid in which one hydrogen alpha- to a carboxylic acid group is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-) and a it. 
Desglucocheirotoxin, also known as it or strophalloside, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cardenolide glycosides and derivatives. Cardenolide glycosides and derivatives are compounds containing a carbohydrate glycosidically bound to the cardenolide moiety. Desglucocheirotoxin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Desglucocheirotoxin has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, desglucocheirotoxin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is ibuprofen in which the methine proton on the isobutyl group has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine in which the acyl group is specified as tetracosanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a tetracosanoic acid. 
it is a 3beta-sterol and a Delta(14) steroid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. 
it appears as a clear light colored liquid. Insoluble in water and about the same density as water. Flash point 172Â°F. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-methionine residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-methionine. 
2, 4-Diisopropyl-5-methylphenol, also known as 2, 4, 5-trimethyl-phenol or 1-hydroxy-2, 4, 5-trimethylbenzene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. 2, 4-Diisopropyl-5-methylphenol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4-diisopropyl-5-methylphenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 4-diisopropyl-5-methylphenol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 4-diisopropyl-5-methylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Venoms from snakes of the subfamily Crotalinae or pit vipers, found mostly in the Americas. They include the rattlesnake, cottonmouth, fer-de-lance, bushmaster, and American copperhead. Their venoms contain nontoxic proteins, cardio-, hemo-, cyto-, and neurotoxins, and many enzymes, especially phospholipases A. Many of the toxins have been characterized. 
it is a dipeptide consisting of glycine having an L-cysteinyl attached to its alpha-amino group. It is an intermediate metabolite in glutathione metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as light yellow oil or liquid. May be a carcinogen. it is a nitrosamine that is piperidine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a nitroso group. One of the many carcinogens detected in cigarette smoke, it is found in meat, cheese and spices that have been treated with the preservative sodium nitrite. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a mutagen and an environmental contaminant. It is a nitrosamine and a piperidine. it is a clear, yellow, oily, liquid that is light sensitive and emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides when heated to decomposition. it is used in laboratory research to induce tumors in experimental animals. This substance is naturally formed in foods that contain sodium nitrite as a preservative, including meat, fish and cheese, as a result of nitrosation of piperidine in the presence of nitrite. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
A peptide of 36 or 37 amino acids that is derived from PROGLUCAGON and mainly produced by the INTESTINAL L CELLS. GLP-1(1-37 or 1-36) is further N-terminally truncated resulting in GLP-1(7-37) or GLP-1-(7-36) which can be amidated. These GLP-1 peptides are known to enhance glucose-dependent INSULIN release, suppress GLUCAGON release and gastric emptying, lower BLOOD GLUCOSE, and reduce food intake. 
it is a proline derivative having a 2,4-dinitrophenyl substituent on nitrogen. It is a C-nitro compound, a member of pyrrolidines and a proline derivative. 
it is a methylglyoxal-bis(guanylhydrazone) (MGBG) derivative with potential antineoplastic and antiviral properties. it selectively binds to and inhibits S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase (SAMDC), an enzyme essential for the biosynthesis of polyamines, such as spermine and spermidine that bind to DNA and play critical roles in cell division, cell differentiation and membrane function. By inhibiting SAMDC, it reduces the intracellular polyamine concentration, thereby interfering with cell growth and differentiation. In addition, this agent also exhibits anti-HIV effect via suppressing expression of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A (eIF-5A), which is essential for retroviral replication. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of 3,4-dichlorophenylacetic acid and the secondary amino group of (1R,2R)-N-methyl-2-(pyrrolidin-1-yl)cyclohexanamine It has a role as a kappa-opioid receptor agonist, a diuretic, an analgesic, an antitussive and a calcium channel blocker. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of pyrazine-2-carboxylic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a pyrazine-2-carboxylic acid. 
it is a disaccharide that is D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 6 has been glycosylated by an alpha-D-xylopyranosyl group. It is a glycoside and a glycosylglucose. It derives from an alpha-D-xylose and a D-glucopyranose. 
it is a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine that is 6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine in which one of the hydrogens of each amino group has been replaced by an ethyl group. It has a role as a herbicide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from a 6-methoxy-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine. 
A basic element found in nearly all tissues. It is a member of the alkaline earth family of metals with the atomic symbol Ca, atomic number 20, and atomic weight 40. Calcium is the most abundant mineral in the body and combines with phosphorus to form calcium phosphate in the bones and teeth. It is essential for the normal functioning of nerves and muscles and plays a role in blood coagulation (as factor IV) and in many enzymatic processes. 
it, also known as it or 4-ethyl-3-methyl-2-hydroxycyclopent-2-en-1-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2-hydroxy-3-methyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-2-hydroxy-3-methyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 4-ethyl-2-hydroxy-3-methyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Selenoneine is a histidine derivative that is N(alpha),N(alpha),N(alpha)-trimethyl-L-histidine substituted by a selenoxo group at position 2 on the imidazole ring. A selenium-containing antioxidant found in tuna blood. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a marine metabolite and an antioxidant. It is an amino-acid betaine and a L-histidine derivative. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of buformin, an agent belonging to the biguanide class of antidiabetics with antihyperglycemic activity. Buformin is not metabolized and is excreted in the urine. This agent has an elevated risk of causing lactic acidosis, and has been withdrawn from the market. 
it is a crown ether that is cyclododecane in which the carbon atoms at positions 1, 4, 7 and 10 have been replaced by oxygen atoms. It is a crown ether and a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent. 
it is a amino acid amide with 2,6-dimethylaniline and glycine components; an active metabolite of lidocaine, formed by oxidative deethylation. Used as an indicator of hepatic function. It has a role as a drug metabolite. 
it is a rubber cure accelerator. It is also a known allergen and dermatological sensitizer.   Sensitivity to it may be identified with a clinical patch test. 
Cloxacillin Sodium is the sodium salt of cloxaclliin, a semisynthetic beta-lactamase resistant penicillin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cloxacillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to an interruption of the bacterial cell wall and causes bacterial cell lysis. 
it is a ureidocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it, also known as eglantine or fema 2210, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methylpropyl phenylacetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, amber, and chocolate taste. 
it is a pyrimidone obtained by formal addition of hydrogen across the 5,6-position of thymine. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a thymine. 
it is a uroporphyrinogen. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a N-acylglycine obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of propionic acid with the amino group of glycine. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a propionylglycinate. 
it is the open chain form of D-gulose. It is a D-gulose and an aldehydo-gulose. It is an enantiomer of an aldehydo-L-gulose. 
it is a carbamate ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 3,4-xylenol. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of phytanic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion, a long-chain fatty acid anion and a 3-methyl fatty acid anion. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a hexadecanoate. It is a conjugate base of a phytanic acid. 
it is an arsine that is arsane in which each of the hydrogens is substituted by a methyl group. It derives from a hydride of an arsane. 
Sofosbuvir is an oral nucleoside analogue and potent inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) RNA polymerase that is used in combination with other antiviral agents to treat chronic hepatitis C. Elevations in serum enzyme levels during sofosbuvir therapy are uncommon, and it has not been implicated convincingly in cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. Nevertheless, and for unknown reasons, successful antiviral therapy of hepatitis C with sofosbuvir and other direct acting agents in patients with cirrhosis is occasionally complicated by hepatic decompensation; furthermore, treatment can cause reactivation of hepatitis B in susceptible patients coinfected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV). 
it is a substituted aniline that is a benzene ring substituted with an amino group at position 1 and a trifluoromethyl group at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a substituted aniline and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is the sodium salt form of it acid, a mercurial diuretic. it acid has been replaced by less toxic non-mercury containing diuretics. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, matsutakeside i is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, matsutakeside i can be found in mushrooms. This makes matsutakeside i a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-aspartic acid joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-aspartic acid. 
it appears as odorless or nearly odorless pale yellow needles or powder that darkens on exposure to light. Used to treat gouty arthritis, pseudogout, sarcoidal arthritis and calcific tendinitis. (EPA, 1998) (S)-it is a it and an alkaloid. It has a role as a mutagen. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-it. it is an alkaloid isolated from Colchicum autumnale with anti-gout and anti-inflammatory activities. The exact mechanism of action by which its exerts its effect has not been completely established. it binds to tubulin, thereby interfering with the polymerization of tubulin, interrupting microtubule dynamics, and disrupting mitosis. This leads to an inhibition of migration of leukocytes and other inflammatory cells, thereby reducing the inflammatory response to deposited urate crystals. it may also interrupt the cycle of monosodium urate crystal deposition in joint tissues, thereby also preventing the resultant inflammatory response. Overall, it decreases leukocyte chemotaxis/migration and phagocytosis to inflamed areas, and inhibits the formation and release of a chemotactic glycoprotein that is produced during phagocytosis of urate crystals. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is coumarin substituted by a 4-chlorophenyl group at position 3. It is a member of coumarins and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a coumarin. 
it appears as a colorless, odorless, noncombustible gas. Can asphyxiate. Inhalation causes the voice to become squeaky (Mickey Mouse voice). Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. If liquefied, contact of the very cold liquid with water causes violent boiling. Pressures may build to dangerous levels if the liquid contacts water in a closed container. Used in arc welding, to trace leaks in refrigeration and other closed systems and as a lifting gas for lighter-than-air aircraft. it(0) is a monoit. It has a role as a member of food packaging gas. it is a gaseous element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 2, and atomic weight 4.00. 
it is a dipeptide that is the N-(L-alpha-aspartyl) derivative of L-leucine. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It derives from an aspartic acid and a leucine. 
Natamycin is a polyene amphoteric macrolide antibiotic with antifungal properties. Natamycin exerts its antifungal effects by binding to sterols in the fungal cell membrane thereby increasing membrane permeability. This leads to a leakage and loss of essential cellular constituents. Following ocular application, natamycin is retained in the conjunctival fornices and attains effective concentrations within the corneal stroma where it exerts its effect. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01345045 (A Multicenter Study Comparing the Analgesic Effects and Safety of it Compared to Placebo in Subjects With Diabetic Neuropathic Pain). 
(S)-3-aminoisobutyric acid is a beta-amino acid and a 3-aminoisobutyric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-3-aminoisobutyrate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-3-aminoisobutyric acid. It is a tautomer of a (S)-3-aminoisobutyric acid zwitterion. 
it is a colorless liquid with a disagreeable odor. Mp: -30Â°C. Density 1.37 g/cm3 at 20Â°C. Slightly soluble in water (7.97 g/L H2O at 24.85Â°C). 
it is a mesylate salt form of trioxifene, a nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). Trioxifene competitively inhibits the binding of estradiol to estrogen receptor alpha (ER alpha), resulting in ER alpha-mediated gene expression. Clinical development of Trioxifene has not proceeded because of lack of superior results over tamoxifen and side effect profile. (NCI) 
4-(ethoxymethylene)-2-phenyloxazol-5-one is a 1,3-oxazole compound having a phenyl substituent at the 2-position, an ethoxymethylene group at the 4-position, and an oxo group at the 5-position. It is a chemical allergen used for immunological experiments, particularly for experiments on delayed type hypersensitivity. It has a role as an allergen. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles and a gamma-lactone. 
it is a rutinoside consisting of cyanidin having the rutinosyl group at the 3-position. It is an anthocyanin cation, a disaccharide derivative, a member of benzenes and a rutinoside. It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is a conjugate acid of a it betaine. 
it appears as a yellowish liquid with a solvent-like odor. Combustible but difficult to ignite. Used as a solvent for lacquers and coatings. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylalanine and derivatives. Phenylalanine and derivatives are compounds containing phenylalanine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of phenylalanine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a sulfonamide formed by condensation of the carboxylic group of 4-chloro-3-sulfamoylbenzoic acid with the amino group of 2-methyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-indol-1-amine. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and a diuretic. It is a member of indoles, an organochlorine compound and a sulfonamide. It derives from a benzamide. it is an indole derivative of chlorosulphonamide and a sulfamyl diuretic with antihypertensive activity. it may interact directly with the subunits of delayed rectifier potassium channels, thereby blocking both slow and rapid K+ (IKs and IKr) currents through the channels. Through the homeostasis mechanism in balancing total ion concentration (Ca++, Na+), it reduces vascular hyperreactivity and peripheral and arterial vascular resistance, possibly by inhibiting transmembrane ionic influx, probably calcium ions, and stimulating prostaglandin E2 synthesis, thereby causing vasodilatation. it exerts its diuretic effect by inhibiting reabsorption of sodium and chloride, primarily as a result of action on the cortical diluting segment of the renal distal tubule, thereby promoting urinary excretion of water and electrolytes. 
A mammalian neuropeptide of 10 amino acids that belongs to the tachykinin family. It is similar in structure and action to SUBSTANCE P and NEUROKININ A with the ability to excite neurons, dilate blood vessels, and contract smooth muscles, such as those in the URINARY BLADDER and UTERUS. 
, also known as fema 3440 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. Thus, is considered to be an oxygenated hydrocarbon lipid molecule. exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). is a sweet, fresh, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a yellow to orange colored, crystalline, inorganic compound that forms toxic fumes of cadmium oxides when heated. it is used as pigment in paints, plastics, textiles, ceramic and glass and is also used in solar cells, smoke and radiation detectors, light-emitting diodes and photomultipliers. Exposure to this substance irritates the eyes, skin and respiratory tract and causes damage to the lungs resulting in shortness of breath, chest pain and pulmonary edema, and can also damage the kidneys causing proteinuria and decreased renal function. Calcium sulfide is a known carcinogen and is associated with an elevated risk of developing lung cancer. (NCI05) 
it, also known as 5-nonanol, acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-heptyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, floral, and pear taste. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide in which 2,6-dimethylphenylaniline and isobutyric acid have combined to form the amide bond; used as a local anaesthetic. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, an anti-arrhythmia drug and a sodium channel blocker. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6, 8 and 4' and hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as allyl sulfur compounds. Allyl sulfur compounds are compounds containing an allylsulfur group, with the general structure H2C(=CH2)CS. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in soft-necked garlic. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamides that is N-(naphthalen-2-yl)-3-phenylpropanamide in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 has been replaced by a benzamido group. It is a member of benzamides, a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide and a phenylalanine derivative. 
Mercurous iodide, [solid] is a bright yellow powder. Becomes greenish on exposure to light due to disproportionation into metallic mercury and mercuric iodide. Insoluble in water but soluble in castor oil and aqueous ammonia. Becomes dark yellow, orange and red on heating but yellow again upon cooling. Density approx. 7.7 g / cm3. Toxic by inhalation and by ingestion. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 4'-demethylpodophyllotoxin which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 10 but which is lacking the hydroxy group at position 9. It is found as a glucoside in the rhizomes of Podophyllum peltatum. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a furonaphthodioxole, a gamma-lactone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a lignan and a member of phenols. 
A compound originally developed as an anticoagulant, but possessing anticomplement action and lowering the bactericidal action of blood. It is used in vitro to inhibit blood coagulation and as a diagnostic reagent to encourage the growth of pathogens in the blood. It is also used to stabilize colloidal solutions such as milk and gelatin. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) 
it is an amino-nitrotoluene that is 2,6-dinitrotoluene substituted at position 4 by an amino group. It has a role as an explosive, a fungal xenobiotic metabolite and a marine metabolite. 
it (also known as A-3331) is an analog of fentanyl, a potent opioid. This drug is classified as an opioid analgesic and was developed in the early 1990s. The effects of it are very similar to those of alfentanil, with strong but short lasting analgesia and sedation, and particularly notable itching and respiratory depression. 
it is a member of the class of dibenzofurans that is a potent broad spectrum antifungal agent isolated from the fungus Cercosporidium henningsii. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a phytotoxin, a fungal metabolite and an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of dibenzofurans, a polyphenol, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a methyl ketone. 
Toluquinol is a member of the class of hydroquinones that is hydroquinone in which one of the benzene hydrogens has been replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent and a Penicillium metabolite. 
it is a cycloalkene that consists of cyclopropane having a double bond in the ring. The parent of the class of its. It is a cycloalkene and a member of its. 
it is the (2R)-enantiomer of ethyl lactate. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a (R)-lactic acid. It is an enantiomer of an ethyl (2S)-lactate. 
it is a limonoid, a dicarboxylic acid, a member of furans and an epoxide. It is a conjugate acid of a limonoate(2-). 
it is an organofluorine compound that is tributylamine in which all the hydrogens have been replaced by fluorine atoms. It has a role as a member of greenhouse gas, a solvent and a blood substitute. It derives from a tributylamine. 
it appears as red needle-like crystals or dark brown granular solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a synthetic, red or orange-brown needle-shaped solid that is insoluble in water and soluble in alcohol, acetone, benzene and chloroform. It is used as intermediate for the synthesis of both anthraquinone dyes and pharmaceutical products. When it is heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides. The primary route of potential human exposure to this chemical is dermal contact. Acute exposure of humans to it can cause irritation of the eyes and skin. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid comprising lauric acid carrying a hydroxy group at C-4. It is a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a medium-chain fatty acid, a hydroxy fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
it is a flavone and cyclin dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits Cdk4/cyclin D1, Cdk1/cyclin B and Cdk9/cyclin T1, serine/threonine kinases that play key roles in the regulation of the cell cycle and cellular proliferation. Inhibition of these kinases leads to cell cycle arrest during the G1/S transition, thereby leading to an induction of apoptosis, and inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole in which the hydrogens at positions 3, 4, and 5 are replaced by N-(hydroxyacetyl)piperidin-4-yl, pyrimidin-4-yl and p-chlorophenyl groups, respectively. It is a member of pyrazoles, a member of pyrimidines, a N-acylpiperidine, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a primary alcohol. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of methyldopa, a phenylalanine derivate and aromatic amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Methyldopa is a prodrug and is metabolized in the central nervous system. The antihypertensive action of methyldopa seems to be attributable to its conversion into alpha-methylnorepinephrine, which is a potent alpha-2 adrenergic agonist that binds to and stimulates potent central inhibitory alpha-2 adrenergic receptors. This results in a decrease in sympathetic outflow and decreased blood pressure. 
it is a one-carbon compound that is methanesulfonic acid in which the hydrogens attached to the methyl carbon have been replaced by fluorines. It is a one-carbon compound and a perfluoroalkanesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a triflate. 
it is an HIV-1 non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) intended to be administered in combination with other antiretroviral medicines. it is available by itself or as a combination product of it (100 mg), lamivudine (300 mg), and tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (300 mg).  it is formally indicated for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adult patients with no prior antiretroviral treatment experience, further expanding the possibility and choice of therapeutic treatments available for the management of HIV-1 infection. 
it is an ADP-glycero-D-manno-heptose. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a 1-monoglyceride resulting from the formal esterification of butyric acid with one of the primary hydroxy groups of glycerol. The R enantiomer is bioactive. It is a 1-monoglyceride, a fatty acid ester, a diol and a butyrate ester. It derives from a butyric acid. 
Trehalose, also known as alpha-D-trehalose or (GLC)2, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. Trehalose exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Trehalose has been found in human kidney, muscle and epidermis tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and urine. Trehalose exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Trehalose participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Trehalose can be converted into Beta-D-glucose and Alpha-D-glucose; which is catalyzed by the enzyme trehalase. In addition, Trehalose can be biosynthesized from trehalose 6-phosphate through its interaction with the enzyme trehalose 6-phosphate synthase. In humans, trehalose is involved in the trehalose degradation pathway. Outside of the human body, trehalose can be found in a number of food items such as salmonberry, globe artichoke, banana, and butternut squash. This makes trehalose a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a gallate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of gallic acid with the (3S)-hydroxy group of (+)-epicatechin. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a catechin, a gallate ester and a polyphenol. It derives from a gallic acid and a (+)-epicatechin. 
it is a mycinamicin composed of a 16-membered ring macrolactone core, an N,N-dimethylated deoxysugar desosamine and a 2-O-methylated 6-deoxysugar javose. 
it is a benzoxazine that is 4H-3,1-benzoxazin-4-one substituted by a phenyl group at position 2. It is a postemergence herbicide used for the control of annual weeds in cereal crops, maize, and rice. It has a role as a herbicide. 
it is a cyclohexadienecarboxylic acid that is cyclohexa-2,4-diene-1-carboxylic acid substituted by hydroxy group at positions 1 and 6 and a methyl group at position 2. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,6-dihydroxy-2-methylcyclohexa-2,4-diene-1-carboxylate. 
it is the stable isotope of lithium with relative atomic mass 6.015122, 7.5 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 1. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of protokylol, a derivative of the beta-adrenergic receptor agonist isoproterenol with bronchodilator activity. Protokylol binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, thereby activating intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, improve mucociliary clearance and inhibit the release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells. 
it is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of sodium molybdate. It has a role as a poison. It is a hydrate, an inorganic sodium salt and a molybdate. It contains a sodium molybdate (anhydrous). 
it appears as orange-brown viscous liquid or orange-brown solid. Orange crystals when pure. Has a pungent odor. Used as a plant growth regulator; insecticide and herbicide. (EPA, 1998) 2-(butan-2-yl)-4,6-dinitrophenol is a dinitrophenol that is 2,4-dinitrophenol substituted by a butan-2-yl group at position 2. 
A 52-amino acid peptide with multi-functions. It was originally isolated from PHEOCHROMOCYTOMA and ADRENAL MEDULLA but is widely distributed throughout the body including lung and kidney tissues. Besides controlling fluid-electrolyte homeostasis, it is a potent vasodilator and can inhibit pituitary ACTH secretion. 
Serine hydroxamate is a hydroxamic acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of serine with the amino group of hydroxylamine. It has a role as an EC 6.1.1.11 (serine--tRNA ligase) inhibitor. It is a hydroxamic acid and a serine derivative. 
(4Z,8E,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-7-hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that consists of (4Z,8E,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid bearing an additional 7-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (4Z,8E,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-7-hydroxydocosahexaenoate. 
it is a tripeptide composed of three L-alanine units joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the 3-hydroxy group of ferulic acid by a sodium ion. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant, a MALDI matrix material, an anti-inflammatory agent, an apoptosis inhibitor and a cardioprotective agent. It contains a ferulate. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-aspartic acid, L-proline and two L-serine units joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid, a L-proline and a L-serine. 
it was approved by the FDA for use in germline BRCA mutated, HER2 negative, locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer on October 16, 2018 under the trade name Talzenna. Talzenna was granted approval based on the results of the EMBRACA trial in which it resulted in a mean 8.6 months progression-free survival time versus physician's choice chemotherapy which resulted in 5.6 months progression-free survival. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the nuclear enzyme poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to PARP and prevents PARP-mediated DNA repair of single strand DNA breaks via the base-excision repair pathway. This enhances the accumulation of DNA strand breaks, promotes genomic instability and eventually leads to apoptosis. PARP catalyzes post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins that signal and recruit other proteins to repair damaged DNA and is activated by single-strand DNA breaks. 
it is the R-isomer of lansoprazole and a substituted benzimidazole prodrug with selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor activity. As a weak base, it accumulates in the acidic environment of the secretory canaliculus of the gastric parietal cell where it is converted to an active sulfenamide form that binds to cysteine sulfhydryl groups on the luminal aspect of the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting the pump's activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-3-methyl-2,6-dideoxy-beta-L-glucose as the sugar component. It is a dTDP-sugar and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a dTDP-L-glucose. 
it is an oxonium betaine obtained by deprotonation of the 5 position of peonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a peonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
it appears as odorless white powder or granules. Denser than water. Solubility in water at 25Â°C equals 0.559 g / 100 mL. 
2-Propanoylthiazole, also known as fema 3611, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 2-Propanoylthiazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-propanoylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Propanoylthiazole is a bread, cereal, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in fats and oils and green vegetables. This makes 2-propanoylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of oxycodone with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It is a moderately potent opioid analgesic, generally used for relief of moderate to severe pain. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an antitussive and an opioid analgesic. It contains an oxycodone(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of oxycodone, a methylether of oxymorphone and semisynthetic opioid agonist with analgesic and antitussive properties. Oxycodone binds to mu-receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby mimicking the effects of endogenous opiates. In addition to analgesia and a depressive effect on the cough center in the medulla, this agent may cause euphoria, anxiolysis, miosis, sedation, physical dependence, constipation, and respiratory depression, depending on dosage and variations in individual metabolism. 
it, also known as (2s)-5-methoxy flavan-7-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 5-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C5 atom of the flavonoid backbone. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
3-Hexenal, also known as fema 3923 or hex-3-enal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. 3-Hexenal exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-hexenal is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-Hexenal has an apple, green, and leafy taste. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of an orally bio-available quinazoline with potential antineoplastic and radiosensitizing activities. Canertinib binds to the intracellular domains of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinases (ErbB family), irreversibly inhibiting their signal transduction functions and resulting in tumor cell apoptosis and suppression of tumor cell proliferation. This agent also acts as a radiosensitizing agent and displays synergistic activity with other chemotherapeutic agents. 
, also known as it or fema 2369, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a cognac, ether, and fatty taste. 
it is an antiprotozoan used as a coccidiostat for poultry and rabbits. it belongs to the family of Hydroquinolones. These are compounds containing an hydrogenated quinoline bearing a ketone group. 
it, also known as fema 2790 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, cognac, and floral taste. 
it is an N-phosphono prodrug of the fifth-generation cephalosporin derivative ceftaroline with antibacterial activity. it is hydrolyzed to the active form ceftaroline in vivo. Ceftaroline binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Neochlorogenin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Neochlorogenin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, neochlorogenin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, neochlorogenin can be found in fruits. This makes neochlorogenin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Cephaloglycin is a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cephaloglycin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it, also known as 3-O-methyldopa or vanilalanine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tyrosine and derivatives. Tyrosine and derivatives are compounds containing tyrosine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of tyrosine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. it has been found to be associated with several diseases known as epilepsy, early-onset, vitamin b6-dependent and pyridoxamine 5-prime-phosphate oxidase deficiency; it has also been linked to the inborn metabolic disorders including aromatic l-amino acid decarboxylase deficiency. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion of alpha-D-mannose 1-phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-mannose. It is a conjugate base of an alpha-D-mannose 1-phosphate. 
it is a long-chain alkane consisting of an unbranched chain of 34 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is the maleate salt form of prochlorperazine, a synthetic, piperazine phenothiazine derivative with antiemetic, antipsychotic, antihistaminic, and anticholinergic activities. Prochlorperazine binds to and blocks the postsynaptic dopamine D2-receptor in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) of the brain and may prevent chemotherapy-induced emesis. it also blocks anticholinergic and alpha-adrenergic receptors. Its antagonistic actions on the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors results in sedation, muscle relaxation, and hypotension. 
it, also known as 1, 1'-thiobispropane or 4-thiaheptane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylthioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by two alkyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, diit is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a garlic and onion tasting compound that can be found in soft-necked garlic. This makes diit a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a lipophilic derivative of the adrenergic blocking agent propranolol with sympatholytic activity. it competitively binds to and blocks beta-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle, thereby causing negative chronotropic and inotropic effects leading to a reduction in cardiac output. 
it is a cell permeable alkaloid isolated from Streptomyces staurosporeus exhibiting anti-cancer activity. it is a potent, non-selective inhibitor of protein kinases, including protein kinase C. This agent induces apoptosis by an undetermined mechanism. (NCI) 
it is a pyridoxate that is the conjugate base of 4-pyridoxic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an isonicotinate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-pyridoxic acid. 
it, also known as it or O-formylanisole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, acetophenone, and almond tasting compound that can be found in chinese cinnamon and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Compressed gas, oxidizing, n.o.s. appears as a gas that liberates oxygen, which intensifies the rate of combustion in a fire. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Obtain the technical name of the material from the shipping papers and contact CHEMTREC, 800-424-9300 for specific response information. 
it is a colorless solid with a pungent odor. Used as a systemic insecticide and acaricide. (EPA, 1998) it is a carbamate ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 3,3-dimethyl-1-(methylsulfanyl)butan-2-one oxime. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Melanoma, Prostate Cancer, Gastric Carcinoma, and Advanced Melanoma, among others. it is a semi-synthetic, orally bioavailable taxane derivative with potential antineoplastic and antiangiogenic properties. it binds to and stabilizes tubulin, promoting microtubule assembly and thereby preventing microtubule depolymerization. This may lead to cell cycle arrest and an inhibition of cell proliferation. This agent may also inhibit pro-angiogenic factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). As it represents poor substrate for P-glycoprotein-related drug resistance mechanisms, this agent may be useful for treating multi-drug resistant tumors. 
it is a 4'-methoxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6 and 4' and a hydroxy group at position 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones and a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from an isoflavone. 
it is a hydroxyaurone that is aurone which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3' and 4' positions; major species at pH 7.3. It shows inhibitory activity against several isoforms of the histone deacetylase complex (HDAC). It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor. It is a hydroxyaurone and a member of catechols. It derives from a 2',3,4-trihydroxy-trans-chalcone. 
it is a glycosyloxyflavone that is gossypetin attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 8 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a 7-hydroxyflavonol, a pentahydroxyflavone, a glycosyloxyflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a gossypetin. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, palaudine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmanolides, secoeudesmanolides, and derivatives. These are terpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmanolide (a 3, 5a, 9-trimethyl-naphtho[1, 2-b]furan-2-one derivative) or secoeudesmanolide (a 3, 6-dimethyl-5-(pentan-2-yl)-1-benzofuran-2-one derivative) skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a carbamate ester that is 5-nitroimidazole in which the hydrogens at positions 1 and 2 are replaced by methyl and (carbamoyloxy)methyl groups, respectively. An antiprotozoal agent, it is used in veterinary medicine for the treatment of histomoniasis and swine dysentery. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and an antiparasitic agent. It is a member of imidazoles, a carbamate ester and a C-nitro compound. 
it is an ADP-glycero-D-manno-heptose having L-glycero-configuration at the 6-position of the heptose portion. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
Alpha-naphthylamine appears as a crystalline solid or a solid dissolved in a liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may slightly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be slightly toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a naphthylamine that is naphthalene substituted by an amino group at position 1. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
A pyrimidine nucleoside analog that is used mainly in the treatment of leukemia, especially acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia. ite is an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent that inhibits the synthesis of DNA. Its actions are specific for the S phase of the cell cycle. It also has antiviral and immunosuppressant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p472) 
it is a racemate composed of equimolar concentrations of (S)- and (R)-it. It is obtained from deadly nightshade (Atropa belladonna) and other plants of the family Solanaceae. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an anaesthesia adjuvant, an anti-arrhythmia drug, a mydriatic agent, a parasympatholytic, a bronchodilator agent, a plant metabolite, an antidote to sarin poisoning and a oneirogen. It contains a (S)-it and a (R)-it. it Sulfate is the sulfate salt of it, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. it functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) it is a synthetically-derived form of the endogenous alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. it functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) Hyoscyamine is a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic it isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. Hyoscyamine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic it isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
2, 6, 6-Trimethyl-1-cyclohexen-1-acetaldehyde, also known as beta-apo-8-carotenal or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-hydrogen aldehydes. These are aldehydes with the general formula HC(H)(R)C(=O)H, where R is an organyl group. 2, 6, 6-Trimethyl-1-cyclohexen-1-acetaldehyde is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 6, 6-trimethyl-1-cyclohexen-1-acetaldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 6, 6-Trimethyl-1-cyclohexen-1-acetaldehyde has a beef, camphor, and cooling taste. 
it is an L-serine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-serine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-serine derivative. 
it is a fluorescent dye having an absorption wavelength of 580 nm and an emission wavelength of 601 nm, derived from a xanthene-based heteroheptacycle. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organic bromide salt and an organic heteroheptacyclic compound. It contains a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a 2,3,6,7,12,13,16,17-octahydropyrido[3,2,1-ij]quinolizino[1',9':6,7,8]chromeno[2,3-f]quinolin-18-ium. 
4SC-202 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Hematologic Malignancies. it is an orally bioavailable benzamide and inhibitor of human class I histone deacetylases (HDACs) isoenzymes 1, 2 and 3, with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits class I HDACs leading to an accumulation of highly acetylated histones. This may result in an induction of chromatin remodeling, the selective transcription of tumor suppressor genes, and the tumor suppressor protein-mediated inhibition of tumor cell division and eventually the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. This may inhibit tumor cell proliferation in susceptible tumor cells. HDACs, upregulated in many tumor types, are a class of enzymes that deacetylate chromatin histone proteins. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00868790 (A Study of the Safety and Efficacy of it in Participants With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (it-009)). 
A dibenzazepine that acts as a sodium channel blocker. It is used as an anticonvulsant for the treatment of grand mal and psychomotor or focal SEIZURES. It may also be used in the management of BIPOLAR DISORDER, and has analgesic properties. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, annoglaucin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, annoglaucin can be found in fruits. This makes annoglaucin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an imidazobenzazepine that is 6,11-dihydro-5H-imidazo[2,1-b][3]benzazepine substituted at position 3 by a formyl group and at position 11 by a 1-methylpiperidin-4-ylidene group. An antihistamine used for treatment of allergic conjunctivitis. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. It is an aldehyde, a member of piperidines, an imidazobenzazepine and a tertiary amino compound. 
A very strong halogenated derivative of acetic acid. It is used in acid catalyzed reactions, especially those where an ester is cleaved in peptide synthesis. 
Magnesium citrate is a magnesium salt composed of magnesium and dibasic citrate ions in a 1:1 ratio. It has a role as a laxative and a food acidity regulator. It contains a 3-carboxy-3-hydroxypentanedioate. Magnesium Citrate is the citrate salt of the element magnesium with cathartic activity. The cathartic action of magnesium cations appears to result, in part, from osmotically mediated water retention, which subsequently stimulates peristalsis. In addition, magnesium ions may also stimulate the activity of nitric oxide (NO) synthase and increase the biosynthesis of the phospholipid proinflammatory mediator platelet activating factor (PAF) in the gut. NO may stimulate intestinal secretion via prostaglandin- and cyclic GMP-dependent mechanisms while PAF produces significant stimulation of colonic secretion and gastrointestinal motility. 
it, also known as 2-chloro-datp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside triphosphates. These are purine nucleotides with triphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety lacking a hydroxyl group at position 2. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the methanesulfonic acid salt of dihydroergotamine, a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid with weaker oxytocic and vasoconstrictor properties than ergotamine. Both the mesylate and the tartrate salts are used for the treatment of migraine and orthostatic hypotension. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist, a non-narcotic analgesic and a vasoconstrictor agent. It contains a dihydroergotamine. it is an ergot derivative with agonistic activity for alpha-adrenergic, serotonergic, and dopaminergic receptors. it most likely relieves migraine headaches by binding to and stimulating the 5-HT1D receptor subtype, thereby causing constriction of cerebral blood vessels. However, it has also been proposed that it acts upon 5-HT1D receptors on sensory nerve endings of the trigeminal system, thereby decreasing the release of pro-inflammatory neuropeptide release. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as auronols. These are aurone flavonoids in which the pyran ring of the aurone skeleton carries a hydroxyl group at the 2-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a pyridinium ion obtained by formal condensation of four molecules of lysine. It has a role as a biomarker. It is a pyridinium ion and a lysine derivative. 
it is an enamide resulting from the formal condensation of crotonic acid with N-ethyl-2-methylaniline. A colourless or pale yellow oily liquid, it is used in the treatment of pruritus (itching) by producing a counter-irritation: as it evaporates from the skin, it produces a cooling effect that diverts attention away from the itching. It has also been used as an acaricide in the treatment of scabies, though more effective drugs are usually preferred. It has a role as an antipruritic drug and a scabicide. It is an enamide and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is a flavone C-glycoside that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 4', a methoxy group at position 7 and a 2-O-beta-D-glucopyranosyl-beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 6 via a C-glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anxiolytic drug. It is a flavone C-glycoside, a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it appears as a colorless odorless gas. It is easily ignited. The vapors are heavier than air. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite. it is an alkane comprising of two carbon atoms. It has a role as a refrigerant and a plant metabolite. It is a gas molecular entity and an alkane. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is decahydroazuleno[6,5-b]furan-2(3H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5, a mthyl group at position 5 and methylidene groups at positions 3 and 8 (the 3aR,4aR,5R,7aS,9aS stereoisomer). Isolated from the aerial parts of Inula hupehensis, it exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a sesquiterpene lactone and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is an antimuscarinic agent with antispasmodic and antiemetic properties. It may be useful for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. 
it is a metalloprotoporphyrin in which the four pyrrole nitrogens of the protoporphyrin moiety are coordinated to iron. It is the most abundant of the heme compounds. It is a heme and a metalloprotoporphyrin. 
it is a 3-chloroalanine that has R configutation at the chiral centre. It is a L-alanine derivative and a 3-chloroalanine. It is an enantiomer of a 3-chloro-D-alanine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
7beta-aminodeacetoxycephalosporanic acid is a cephem monocarboxylic acid derivative having a structure based on cephalosporanic acid, deacetoxylated and carrying a 7beta-amino group. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a cephalosporin. It derives from a cephalosporanic acid. 
it is an oxazinoquinolone carrying carboxy, fluoro, methyl and 4-methylpiperazino substituents. A synthetic fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent, it inhibits the supercoiling activity of bacterial DNA gyrase, halting DNA replication. It has a role as a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an antiinfective agent and an antibacterial drug. It is an oxazinoquinoline, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it is a fluoroquinolone antibacterial antibiotic. it binds to and inhibits bacterial topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV, enzymes involved in DNA replication and repair, resulting in cell death in sensitive bacterial species. (NCI04) 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is an orally available cholinergic agonist that is used to treat symptoms of dry mouth in patients with keratoconjunctivitis sicca (SjÃ¶gren syndrome). it has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a cholinergic analogue with glandular secretion stimulatory activity. it binds to and activates muscarinic receptors, thereby increasing the secretions in exocrine salivary and sweat glands. This cholinergic agonist also increases the tone of smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts. it is being studied as a treatment for dry mouth caused by radiation therapy to the head and neck. 
it is an aromatic ether that consists of glycerol in which the hydrogen of the 1-hydroxy group is substituted by a 4-cyclohexylphenyl moiety and the 3-hydroxy function is substituted by a 4-(pyridin-2-yl)piperazin-1-yl group. It has a role as an antiviral agent. It is an aminopyridine, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine and an aromatic ether. It derives from a glycerol. 
it is an aminopyrimidine in which the pyrimidine ring carries amino substituents at C-2 and C-4 and a 3,4-dimethoxybenzyl group at C-5. A folic acid antagonist, it is used as a synergist with sulfonamides against the parasitic Eimeria species. It has a role as an antiparasitic agent and a drug allergen. 
11, 12, 13-Trinor-1(10)-spirovetivene-2, 7-dione, also known as 6, 10-dimethylspiro[4. 5]dec-6-ene-2, 8-dione, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexenones. Cyclohexenones are compounds containing a cylohexenone moiety, which is a six-membered aliphatic ring that carries a ketone and has one endocyclic double bond. 11, 12, 13-Trinor-1(10)-spirovetivene-2, 7-dione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 11, 12, 13-trinor-1(10)-spirovetivene-2, 7-dione is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 11, 12, 13-trinor-1(10)-spirovetivene-2, 7-dione can be found in potato. This makes 11, 12, 13-trinor-1(10)-spirovetivene-2, 7-dione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(-)-it is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline which is substituted by a 4,5-dimethoxy-3-oxo-1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran-1-yl group at position 1, a methylenedioxy group at positions 6-7 and a methoxy group at position 8. Obtained from plants of the Papaveraceae family, it lacks significant painkilling properties and is primarily used for its antitussive (cough-suppressing) effects. It has a role as an antitussive, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, a cyclic acetal, an isobenzofuranone, an organic heterobicyclic compound, an organic heterotricyclic compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a (-)-it hemiacetal. it is a phthalide isoquinoline non-narcotic alkaloid derived from the opium poppy Papaver somniferum, with mild analgesic, antitussive, and potential antineoplastic activities. it exerts its antitussive effects through the activation of sigma opioid receptors. This agent appears to exert its antimitotic effect by binding to tubulin, resulting in a disruption of microtubule assembly dynamics and subsequently, the inhibition of mitosis and tumor cell death. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is glycine in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a 2-methylenecyclopropyl group. It has a role as a phytotoxin and a plant metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a member of cyclopropanes and an olefinic compound. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of xaliproden, an orally-active, synthetic, non-peptidic 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) 1A receptor agonist with neurotrophic and neuroprotective activities. Although its mechanism of action is not fully understood, xaliproden appears to either mimic the effects of neurotrophins or stimulate their synthesis, thereby stimulating neuronal cell differentiation and proliferation and inhibiting neuronal cell death. The neuroprotective effect of this agent involves the activation of MAP kinase pathways via stimulation of the 5-HT1A receptor. 
it is a 1,12-diol compound having double bonds in the 2-, 4-, 6-, 8-, and 10-positions. It is a diol and an apo carotenoid. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavone in which the four hydroxy groups are located at positions 3, 5, 7 and 4'. Acting as an antioxidant by reducing oxidative stress, it is currently under consideration as a possible cancer treatment. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a plant metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a member of flavonols, a 7-hydroxyflavonol and a tetrahydroxyflavone. It is a conjugate acid of a it oxoanion. 
it, also known as fema 3912, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is an aldehydic, dewy, and floral tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Parest is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. it is the hydrochloride salt form of Methaqualone. As a sedative, hypnotic agent, methaqualone was used for insomnia. Due to its high risk for abuse, methaqualone was taken off the U.S. market in 1983. (NCI) 
it, also known as 4-mppp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anilides. These are organic heterocyclic compounds derived from oxoacids RkE(=O)l(OH)m (l not 0) by replacing an OH group by the NHPh group or derivative formed by ring substitution. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride salt of benserazide. An aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase inhibitor (DOPA decarboxylase inhibitor) that does not enter the central nervous system, it is used as an adjunct to levodopa in the treatment of parkinsonism. By preventing the conversion of levodopa to dopamine in the periphery, it causes an increase in the amount of levodopa reaching the central nervous system and so reduces the required dose. it has no antiparkinson actions when given alone. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, an EC 4.1.1.28 (aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase) inhibitor and a dopaminergic agent. It contains a benserazide(1+). 
it is a non-proteinogenc L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alpha-aminobutyric acid in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl group has been replaced by a dihydroxy(oxido)-lambda(5)-phosphanyl group. It is a potent and selective agonist for the group III metabotropic glutamate receptors (mGluR4/6/7/8). It has a role as a metabotropic glutamate receptor agonist. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of phosphonic acids. 
it is an organooxygen compound and an organonitrogen compound. It derives from an alpha-amino acid. it is a broad spectrum antibiotic used as a second-line antitubercular drug, effective against pulmonary and extrapulmonary tuberculosis. it has activity against Mycobacterium strains that are resistant to first-line drugs. 
it is a member of the class of benzenes that is benzene substituted by a 1,2,3-trimethyl-2-cyclopropen-1-yl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of cyclopropanes and a member of benzenes. 
it appears as white to ivory microcrystals or off-white crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a triazene derivative with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and cross-links DNA during all phases of the cell cycle, resulting in disruption of DNA function, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. (NCI04) 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-benzoyl-L-phenylalanine with the hydroxy group of N-benzoyl-L-phenylalaninol. A metabolite found in several Pencillium and Aspergillus species, as well as in plants as a product of endophytic fungi. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a L-phenylalanine derivative, a member of benzamides and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a N-benzoyl-L-phenylalanine and a N-benzoyl-L-phenylalaninol. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid in which the the amino group is ortho- to the carboxylic acid group, and which is substituted para- to the amino group by a nitro group. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-nitroanthranilate. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is methimazole in which the nitrogen bearing a hydrogen is converted into its ethoxycarbonyl derivative. A prodrug for methimazol, it is used for the treatment of hyperthyroidism. It has a role as a prodrug and an antithyroid drug. It is a carbamate ester and a member of 1,3-dihydroimidazole-2-thiones. 
it is a primary arylamine that is aniline in which the hydrogens at the 2- and 4-positions are replaced by methyl groups. A clear to yellow liquid, it is used in production of certain dyes, pesticides and other chemicals. It is a primary arylamine and a dimethylaniline. 
Acromegaly is a disorder caused by excess growth hormone (GH), increasing the growth of body tissues and causing metabolic dysfunction. In most cases, it results from an anterior pituitary growth hormone-releasing tumor. Typically, the feet, hands, and face grow abnormally large; organomegaly and insulin resistance may also occur. Acromegaly is a life-threatening disease requiring ongoing treatment.  Octreotide is a long-acting drug with pharmacologic activities that mimic those of the natural hormone, somatostatin, which inhibits the secretion of growth hormone. Additionally, it is used for the treatment of acromegaly and symptoms arising from various tumors, including carcinoid tumors and vasoactive intestinal tumors (VIPomas). On June 26, 2020, the first approved delayed-release oral somatostatin analog, Mycapssa, received FDA approval for the long term maintenance treatment of acromegaly. This drug was developed by Chiasma Inc. Octreotide is a synthetic long-acting cyclic octapeptide with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin. Octreotide is a more potent inhibitor of growth hormone, glucagon, and insulin than somatostatin. Similar to somatostatin, this agent also suppresses the luteinizing hormone response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone, decreases splanchnic blood flow, and inhibits the release of serotonin, gastrin, vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP), secretin, motilin, pancreatic polypeptide, and thyroid stimulating hormone. 
it, also known as 1-octen-3-ol butyrate or 1-pentyl-2-propenyl butyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 1-ethenylhexyl butanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an animal, butter, and fishy taste. 
it is a phosphonic acid having an (R,S)-1,2-epoxypropyl group attached to phosphorus. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an EC 2.5.1.7 (UDP-N-acetylglucosamine 1-carboxyvinyltransferase) inhibitor. It is an epoxide and a member of phosphonic acids. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (1R,2S)-epoxypropylphosphonate(1-). it is a phosphoenolpyruvate analogue and a synthetic broad-spectrum antibiotic with antimicrobial and bactericidal properties. it binds to and inactivates the enzyme enolpyruvate transferase. This leads to an irreversible blockage of the condensation of uridine diphosphate-N-acetylglucosamine with p-enolpyruvate, which is one of the first steps of bacterial cell wall synthesis, thereby eventually causing cell lysis and bacterial cell death. 
A benzimidazole antifilarial agent; it is fluorescent when it binds to certain nucleotides in DNA, thus providing a tool for the study of DNA replication; it also interferes with mitosis. 
it is a nonhydrazine monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAO inhibitor) used in therapy of severe depression. it therapy is associated with rare instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
L-rhamnosyl-3-hydroxydecanoyl-3-hydroxydecanoic acid is a glycolipid, an alpha-L-rhamnoside of 3-[(3-hydroxydecanoyl)oxy]decanoic acid. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. It is an alpha-L-rhamnoside and a glycolipid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-rhamnosyl-3-hydroxydecanoyl-3-hydroxydecanoate. 
it, also known as byak-angelicin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 5-methoxypsoralens. These are psoralens containing a methoxy group attached at the C5 position of the psoralen group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, mukurozidiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, mukurozidiol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes mukurozidiol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A cyclic octapeptide with a thioether bridge between the cystine and tryptophan. It inhibits RNA POLYMERASE II. Poisoning may require LIVER TRANSPLANTATION. 
it trihydrate is an odorless white microcrystalline powder with a bitter taste. A 0.25% solution in water has a pH of 3.5 to 5.5. (NTP, 1992) it is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a 2-amino-2-phenylacetamido group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin, a penicillin allergen and a beta-lactam antibiotic. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. it is stable against hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, therefore, can be used in wide range of gram-positive and -negative infections. 
it is the aluminum salt form of carbonic acid, an antacid with phosphate binding activity. Upon oral administration of it, aluminum is able to bind to phosphate in the intestines, including the radionuclide phosphate P-32, thereby preventing phosphate uptake. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-thiocyanatophenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4-thiocyanatophenol can be found in fruits. This makes 4-thiocyanatophenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a oxopurine that is adenine bearing a single oxo substituent at position 8. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of 6-aminopurines, an oxopurine and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from an adenine. It is a tautomer of an it. 
Zinc Gluconate is a nutritional supplement containing the zinc salt form of gluconic acid for the purpose of providing zinc. As an essential trace element, zinc is of key importance in many biological processes, acts as an antioxidant and strengthens the immune system. Although the mechanism of action is not completely known, zinc supplementation may be used to increase immunity against viruses or may interfere with the replication of certain viruses, such as the human papillomavirus (HPV). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01702181 (A Safety Study to Evaluate the Use and Effectiveness of a Topical Ointment to Treat Adults With Atopic Dermatitis). 
it is an organic heterooctacyclic compound that is 1H,1'H-2,2'-biindole in which the nitrogens have undergone formal oxidative coupling to positions 2 and 5 of methyl (3R)-3-methoxy-2-methyltetrahydrofuran-3-carboxylate (the 2S,3R,5R product), and in which the 3 and 3' positions of the biindole moiety have also undergone formal oxidative coupling to positions 3 and 4 of 1-methyl-1,5-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-one. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.12 (cGMP-dependent protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a gamma-lactam, an organic heterooctacyclic compound, a methyl ester, a hemiaminal and an indolocarbazole. 
Crystals or practically white flakes. Has a disinfectant-like odor. May float or sink in water. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted with a tert-butyl group at position 4. It has a role as an allergen. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00396955 (A Study Comparing 4 Dose Regimens of it, Naproxen, and Placebo In Subjects With Osteoarthritis Of The Knee). 
Quinupristin and dalfopristin are intravenously administered, streptogramin antibiotics used in fixed combination to treat severe bacterial infections due to susceptible organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The fixed combination of quinupristin and dalfopristin is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been convincingly linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. Quinupristin is a semi-synthetic derivative of pristinamycin, a natural occurring type B streptogramin. Quinupristin binds to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide chain elongation, and causing early termination of normal bacterial protein synthesis. Quinupristin is primarily effective against gram-positive cocci. 
it is a member of the class of tetrazoles that is 1H-tetrazole substituted by amino groups at positions 1 and 5 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of tetrazoles and an aromatic amine. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-tetrazole. 
1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-6-propanoylpyridine, also known as it or PTP, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydropyridines. These are derivatives of pyridine in which two double bonds in the pyridine moiety are reduced by adding four hydrogen atoms. 1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-6-propanoylpyridine is soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). 
it(3-) is a tricarboxylic acid trianion, obtained by deprotonation of the three carboxy groups of citric acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a citrate anion and a tricarboxylic acid trianion. It is a conjugate base of a citrate(2-). It is a conjugate acid of a citrate(4-). 
it is a hexitol that is hexane-1,2,3,4,5,6-hexol having (2R,3R,4S,5R) configuration; the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an algal metabolite and a marine metabolite. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dimethoxybenzenes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a monocyclic benzene moiety carrying exactly two methoxy groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sharp odor. Flash point 86Â°F. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Contact may irritate eyes and possibly injury the cornea. May irritate skin. Vapor inhalation may cause irritation. Prolonged inhalation may lead to breathing difficulty. Ingestion causes abdominal discomfort, nausea and diarrhea. it is a straight chain alkane composed of 9 carbon atoms. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. 
it is the ethyl ester of prop-2-ynoic acid. It is a ynoate ester, a terminal acetylenic compound and an ethyl ester. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of glycine, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a glycine. 
it appears as a viscous amber partly crystalline oil. Used as an insecticide. it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation between 3-(2,2-dichloroethenyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid and (4-fluoro-3-phenoxyphenyl)(hydroxy)acetonitrile. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and an agrochemical. It is an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound, a nitrile, an aromatic ether and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It derives from a 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as ethyl benzenebutanoate or ethyl gamma-phenylbutyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, fruity, and plum taste. 
it is a methylbutanoyl-CoA is the S-isovaleryl derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an isovaleric acid and a butyryl-CoA. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of human fibroblast growth factor receptor 4 (FGFR4), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, fisogatinib specifically binds to and blocks the binding of the ligand FGF19 to FGFR4. This prevents the activation of FGFR4, inhibits FGFR4-mediated signaling and leads to an inhibition of tumor cell proliferation in FGFR4-overexpressing cells. FGFR4 is a receptor tyrosine kinase and is involved in tumor cell proliferation, differentiation, angiogenesis, and survival. FGF19 is overexpressed by certain tumor cell types. 
it is a carboxylic ester compound formed from condensation between retronecine and (2S,3R)-2,3-dihydroxy-2-isopropylbutanoic acid. It is a member of pyrrolizines, an azabicycloalkane and a carboxylic ester. 
it is a ketone that is decane in which the methylene hydrogens at position 3 are replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a food additive and a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a decane. 
it, also known as 3-phenylbutyrate or (RS)-3-phenylbutanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an imidazolidinone that is imidazolidine which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2, 4 and 5. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an imidazolidinone and a hydracid. It derives from a hydride of an imidazolidine. 
A penicillin derivative commonly used in the form of its sodium or potassium salts in the treatment of a variety of infections. It is effective against most gram-positive bacteria and against gram-negative cocci. It has also been used as an experimental convulsant because of its actions on GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID mediated synaptic transmission. 
it is the conjugate base of 3-mercaptopyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-mercaptopyruvic acid. 
it is the N-acetyl derivative of L-leucine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid and a L-leucine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-leucinate. It is an enantiomer of a N-acetyl-D-leucine. 
it is a phlorotannin that is oxanthrene-1,3,6,8-tetrol substituted by a 3,5-dihydroxyphenoxy moiety at position 4. Isolated from the marine brown alga, Ecklonia cava, it exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
D-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the beta carbon atom. D-it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, D-4'-phosphopantothenate is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. D-it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. D-it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, D-it can be biosynthesized from pantothenic acid through the action of the enzyme pantothenate kinase 1. Furthermore, Cytidine triphosphate, D-4'-phosphopantothenate, and L-cysteine can be converted into cytidine monophosphate and 4-phosphopantothenoylcysteine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme phosphopantothenate--cysteine ligase. Furthermore, D-it can be biosynthesized from pantothenic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme pantothenate kinase. Furthermore, D-it, cytidine triphosphate, and L-cysteine can be converted into cytidine monophosphate and 4-phosphopantothenoylcysteine through its interaction with the enzyme phosphopantothenate-cysteine ligase. Furthermore, D-it can be biosynthesized from pantothenic acid through the action of the enzyme pantothenate kinase. Finally, D-it, cytidine triphosphate, and L-cysteine can be converted into cytidine monophosphate and 4-phosphopantothenoylcysteine through the action of the enzyme phosphopantothenate-cysteine ligase. In humans, D-4'-phosphopantothenate is involved in pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis pathway. 
it is the 21-O-hexanoyl derivative of hydrocortisone. It is a cortisol ester, a glucocorticoid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a hexanoate ester, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a cortisol. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as (s)-3-hydroxyacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a (S)-3-hydroxyl acylated coenzyme A derivative it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa) it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a benzamide belonging to the it class of antidiabetic agents with hypoglycemic activity. it represents the basic structure of the it-type agents and is not used therapeutically. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Drug/Agent Toxicity by Tissue/Organ, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. it is a folate analog antimetabolite with antineoplastic activity. As the 6R diastereomer of 5,10-dideazatetrahydrofolate, it inhibits glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase (GARFT), the enzyme that catalyzes the first step in the de novo purine biosynthetic pathway, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis, arresting cells in the S phase of the cell cycle, and inhibiting tumor cell proliferation. The agent has been shown to be active against tumors that are resistant to the folate antagonist methotrexate. (NCI04) 
(E,E)-it is a hexadienal that is hexanal with trans double bonds at positions 2 and 4. It is found in tomatoes, kiwi fruit, mangoes, potato chips, herbs and spices. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a plant metabolite. It is a polyunsaturated fatty aldehyde, a hexadienal and a volatile organic compound. 
Glucoerucin(1-) is a thia-alkylglucosinolate that has a 4-(methylsulfanyl)butyl side chain attached to the sulfonated oxime group. It derives from a butylglucosinolate. It is a conjugate base of a glucoerucin. 
it is a quinone imine having amino substituents in the 2- and 5-positions and 4-aminophenyl substituents on both of the imine nitrogens. It is a trimer formed from 1,4-phenylenediamine. It has a role as a mutagen and an allergen. It derives from a 1,4-phenylenediamine. 
it is an inhaled radionuclide used for lung imaging, imaging blood flow in the brain, and to assess pulmonary function. it is a radioisotope of xenon, an element with 54 protons, having gamma emissions and a physical half-life of 5.27 days. it is used in the study of pulmonary function and organ blood flow. 
it is a member of the class of histamine H2-receptor antagonists with antacid activity. Ranitidine is a competitive and reversible inhibitor of the action of histamine, released by enterochromaffin-like (ECL) cells, at the histamine H2-receptors on parietal cells in the stomach, thereby inhibiting the normal and meal-stimulated secretion of stomach acid. In addition, other substances that promote acid secretion have a reduced effect on parietal cells when the H2 receptors are blocked. 
Offset news black newsprint ink appears as a viscous to semisolid suspension of finely-divided carbon black particles in oil. Practically odorless and tasteless. Floats on water. 
it is the aromatic diazonium ion that is diazotised 4-aminobenzoic acid. It has a role as a hapten. It derives from a benzoate. 
2, 2, 6, 6-Tetramethyl-4-piperidinone, also known as tempidon or tmpone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidinones. Piperidinones are compounds containing a piperidine ring which bears a ketone. 2, 2, 6, 6-Tetramethyl-4-piperidinone exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 2, 6, 6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 2, 6, 6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinone can be found in green vegetables and tea. This makes 2, 2, 6, 6-tetramethyl-4-piperidinone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is dopamine in which the phenolic hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a primary amino compound and an aryl sulfate. It derives from a dopamine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glioblastoma Multiforme, Metastatic Breast Cancer, and Anaplastic Oligoastrocytoma. it is an orally bioavailable, small molecule diacylhydrazine-based activator ligand, that can be used to activate certain genes using the ecdysone receptor (EcR)-based inducible gene regulation system, the RheoSwitch Therapeutic System (RTS). Upon administration of it, this agent specifically binds to the EcR located on the separately administered RTS, which includes two fusions proteins: Gal4-EcR, which contains a modified ecdysone receptor (EcR) fused with the DNA binding domain of the yeast Gal4 transcription factor, and VP16-RXR, which contains a chimeric retinoid X receptor (RXR) fused with the transcription activation domain of the viral protein VP16 of herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV1). The fusion proteins form inactive, unstable and unproductive heterodimers in the absence of it. In the presence of it, the protein heterodimer changes to a stable conformation, forming an active transcription factor complex, which can bind to the inducible promoter, thereby allowing the induction of controlled transcription of the target gene. 
it is a L-arginine derivative, a member of guanidines and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (N(omega)-L-arginino)succinate(1-). 
[des-Arg(9)]-bradykinin is an eight-membered oligopeptide comprising Arg, Pro, Pro, Gly, Phe, Ser, Pro and Phe residues joined in sequence. It is an analogue of bradykinin lacking the Arg residue at position 9. It has a role as a bradykinin receptor B2 agonist. It is a conjugate base of a [des-Arg(9)]-bradykinin(1+). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2-nitroimidazol-1-yl)acetic acid with the aromatic amino group of benzylamine. Used for treatment of Chagas disease. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug. It is a member of imidazoles, a C-nitro compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a nitroimidazole derivative having an antiprotozoal activity by interfering with parasite protein biosynthesis, influencing cytokines production and stimulating host phagocytosis. (NCI) 
it, wetted with not less than 30% water appears as a light yellow crystalline sludge or slurry. Burns but may require some effort to ignite. A high explosive when dry. Easily ignited and burns very vigorously when dry. Insoluble in water. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is a trinitrobenzene in which each of the nitro groups is meta- to the other two. It has a role as an explosive. 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is butan-2-ol which is substituted at positions 1, 2, and 3 by 1,2,4-triazol-1-yl, 2,4-difluorophenyl, and 4-methylenepiperidin-1-yl groups, respectively (the 2R,3R stereoisomer). It is an antifungal drug used for the topical treatment of onychomycosis (a nail infection caused mainly by dermatophytes). It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor. It is an organofluorine compound, an olefinic compound, a member of piperidines, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound, a conazole antifungal drug and a triazole antifungal drug. 
it is an dispiropiperazine derivative with potential cytostatic, anti-inflammatory and immune-suppressive properties. Although the exact mechanism of action of it is not known, this agent was shown to interact with DNA, disrupting cell cycle at G2 phase, inhibiting phagocytic activity of monocytes and macrophage. it has good anti-lupus activity due to its immunosuppressive effects and was also used in refractory rheumatoid arthritis as an anti-rheumatic drug. (NCI04) 
it is a piperidine alkaloid that is piperidine substituted by a 1-acetyl-1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyridin-3-yl group at position 2 (the 2R-stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite and a teratogenic agent. It is a piperidine alkaloid, a N-acylpiperidine and a member of acetamides. 
it is a ribonucleoside composed of a molecule of uracil attached to a ribofuranose moiety via a beta-N(1)-glycosidic bond. It has a role as a human metabolite, a fundamental metabolite and a drug metabolite. It derives from a uracil. it is a nucleoside consisting of uracil and D-ribose and a component of RNA. it has been studied as a rescue agent to reduce the toxicities associated with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), thereby allowing the administration of higher doses of 5-FU in chemotherapy regimens. (NCI04) 
it, also known as fema 3519, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylacetaldehydes. Phenylacetaldehydes are compounds containing a phenylacetaldehyde moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted at the second position by an acetalydehyde. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
3-Cyclohexene-1-carboxaldehyde, 1, 3, 4-trimethyl- belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic oxides. These are organic compounds containing an oxide group. 3-Cyclohexene-1-carboxaldehyde, 1, 3, 4-trimethyl- is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 3-Cyclohexene-1-carboxaldehyde, 1, 3, 4-trimethyl- exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is 2,4-dinitrophenol which is substituted at position 6 by a 1-(p-chlorophenyl)ethyl group. A metaquinone-8 inhibitor. It has a role as a quinol oxidation site inhibitor. It is a C-nitro compound, a member of phenols and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is an organic sodium salt comprising equal numbers of sodium and stearate ions. It has a role as a detergent. It contains an octadecanoate. 
Phorbol 13-acetate 12-myristate is a phorbol ester that is phorbol in which the hydroxy groups at the cyclopropane ring juction (position 13) and the adjacent carbon (position 12) have been converted into the corresponding acetate and myristate esters. It has a role as a protein kinase C agonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is an acetate ester, a tetradecanoate ester, a diester, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a phorbol ester. Tetradecanoylphorbol Acetate is a phorbol ester with potential antineoplastic effects. Tetradecanoylphorbol acetate (TPA) induces maturation and differentiation of hematopoietic cell lines, including leukemic cells. This agent may induce gene expression and protein kinase C (PKC) activity. In addition to potential antineoplastic effects, TPA may exhibit tumor promoting activity. (NCI04) 
it (E. coli) is a member of lipid As, a dodecanoate ester and a tetradecanoate ester. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a lipid A (E. coli). It is a conjugate acid of a it(6-) (E. coli). 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-arginine with the amino group of L-proline. It derives from a L-arginine and a L-proline. 
it is an aromatic ether that is the 3-O-methyl ether of 3,4-dihydroxymandelic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a mandelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a vanillylmandelate. 
3-Thiocyanato-1-propene, also known as it or 2-propenyl thiocyanate, 9CI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as allyl sulfur compounds. Allyl sulfur compounds are compounds containing an allylsulfur group, with the general structure H2C(=CH2)CS. Within the cell, 3-thiocyanato-1-propene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-thiocyanato-1-propene can be found in brassicas. This makes 3-thiocyanato-1-propene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a sulfonamide resulting from the formal condensation of p-methoxybenzenesulfonic acid with the anilino nitrogen of 2-(aminomethyl)-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)aniline in which the hydrogens of the primary amino group have been replaced by methyl and p-chlorocinnamyl groups. it is a selective inhibitor of Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.17 (Ca(2+)/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, a tertiary amino compound, a primary alcohol, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it is an anhydrohexose derivative that is the 1,6-anhydro-derivative of N-acetyl-beta-muramic acid. It derives from a N-acetyl-beta-D-muramic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,6-anhydro-N-acetyl-beta-muramate. 
it is a 17-membered macrocyclic lactam that incorporates a phenol and a substituted indole moiety. It includes a S-hydroxy group at position 11 and a (3-methyl-2-oxopentanoyl)amino group at position 18 with a S-methyl group. It acts as a proteasome inhibitor and is isolated from Apiospora montagnei Sacc. TC 1093, isolated from a soil sample. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a proteasome inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. It is a member of indoles, a lactam, a macrocycle, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is an inhibiter of cathepsin K which was originally developed be Merck & Co as a new treatment for osteoporosis. The drug made it to phase III trials before abandoned due to increased stroke. it is an inhibitor of cathepsin K with potential anti-osteoporotic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits the activity of cathepsin K, which may result in a reduction in bone resorption, improvement of bone mineral density, and a reversal in osteoporotic changes. Cathepsin K, a tissue-specific cysteine protease that catalyzes degradation of bone matrix proteins such as collagen I/II, elastin, and osteonectin plays an important role in osteoclast function and bone resorption. 
(Z)-(1S)-cis-tefluthrin is a 2,3,5,6-tetrafluoro-4-methylbenzyl 3-[(1Z)-2-chloro-3,3,3-trifluoroprop-1-en-1-yl]-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylate in which both of the stereocentres have S configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (Z)-(1R)-cis-tefluthrin. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid substituted by a phenylamino group at position 8. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. It is an aminonaphthalene and a naphthalenesulfonic acid. 
it is an aldehyde that is cyclohex-1-ene-1-carbaldehyde substituted by a prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 4. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a human metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is an olefinic compound and an aldehyde. 
E64 is an epoxy monocarboxylic acid, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a member of guanidines and a L-leucine derivative. It has a role as a protease inhibitor, an antimalarial and an antiparasitic agent. 
it appears as white crystals or a liquid. Odor of anise oil and a sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a monomethoxybenzene that is methoxybenzene substituted by a prop-1-en-1-yl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a butyl 2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoate that has R configutation. The active enantiomer of the herbicide fluazifop-butyl, it is used as a post-emergence herbicide for the control grass weeds in various broad-leaved crops. It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor. It derives from a fluazifop-P. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-fluazifop-butyl. 
The air-dried exudate from the unripe seed capsule of the opium poppy, Papaver somniferum, or its variant, P. album. It contains a number of alkaloids, but only a few - MORPHINE; CODEINE; and PAPAVERINE - have clinical significance. Opium has been used as an analgesic, antitussive, antidiarrheal, and antispasmodic. 
it is a C-terminal boronic acid peptide inhibitor which induces apoptosis in multiple myeloma, hematological and solid tumor cell lines. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a threonine derivative, a phenylpyridine, a C-terminal boronic acid peptide and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a L-threonine. it is an orally bioavailable synthetic P2 threonine boronic acid inhibitor of the chymotrypsin-like activity of the proteasome, with potential antineoplastic activity. it represses the proteasomal degradation of a variety of proteins, including inhibitory kappaBalpha (IkappaBalpha), resulting in the cytoplasmic sequestration of the transcription factor NF-kappaB; inhibition of NF-kappaB nuclear translocation and transcriptional up-regulation of a variety of cell growth-promoting factors; and apoptotic cell death in susceptible tumor cell populations. In vitro studies indicate that this agent exhibits a favorable cytotoxicity profile toward normal human epithelial cells, bone marrow progenitors, and bone marrow-derived stromal cells relative to the proteasome inhibitor bortezomib. The intracellular protein IkappaBalpha functions as a primary inhibitor of the proinflammatory transcription factor NF-kappaB. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless to yellow volatile liquid with a disagreeable choking odor. Flash point below 0Â°F. Initially irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes. Very toxic by inhalation. Less dense than water (7.0 lb / gal). Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals, plastics, and as a herbicide.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Minutes to hour  Odor threshold: 1 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Herbicide; tox and corrosive fumes. it is an enal that is prop-2-ene with an oxo group at position 1. It has a role as a toxin, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a herbicide. 
Ortho-benzyl-para-chlorophenol appears as white to light tan or pink flakes or white crystals. Insoluble in water. Slight phenolic odor. (NTP, 1992) 
it is the sodium salt of cloxaclliin, a semisynthetic beta-lactamase resistant penicillin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cloxacillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to an interruption of the bacterial cell wall and causes bacterial cell lysis. 
it is a it that has D-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a D-lyxonate. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it is an L-tyrosine derivative that is L-DOPA in which the hydrogen at position 2 on the phenyl ring is replaced by a cysteinyl group. Found in the urine of patients with melanoma. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of catechols, a S-organyl-L-cysteine, a L-tyrosine derivative, an aryl sulfide, an amino dicarboxylic acid, a diamine and a S-conjugate. It derives from a L-dopa. 
it is a monoterpene ketone in which an (E)-geranyl group is bonded to one of the alpha-methyls of acetone. It is a component of essential oils from various plants including Nelumbo nucifera. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It contains a geranyl group. 
L-it zwitterion is zwitterionic form of L-it arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a L-it. Asparagine is a non-essential amino acid in humans, Asparagine is a beta-amido derivative of aspartic acid and plays an important role in the biosynthesis of glycoproteins and other proteins. A metabolic precursor to aspartate, Asparagine is a nontoxic carrier of residual ammonia to be eliminated from the body. Asparagine acts as diuretic. (NCI04) 
it is a seco-androstane that is 9,10-secoandrostane which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 9 and 17 and in which the A-ring is aromatic and bears hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 4. 
A nicotinic cholinergic antagonist often referred to as the prototypical ganglionic blocker. It is poorly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and does not cross the blood-brain barrier. It has been used for a variety of therapeutic purposes including hypertension but, like the other ganglionic blockers, it has been replaced by more specific drugs for most purposes, although it is widely used a research tool. 
it appears as yellow amorphous solid or orange-red crystals. Latter have greenish-yellow fluorescence by reflected light. Insoluble in water. Soluble in dilute aqueous bases. Very dilute alkaline solutions exhibit intense, greenish-yellow fluorescence by reflected light. Low toxicity. May be sensitive to prolonged exposure to light. it is a xanthene dye that is highly fluorescent, detectable even when present in minute quantities. Used forensically to detect traces of blood, in analytical chemistry as an indicator in silver nitrate titrations and in microscopy. It has a role as a radioopaque medium and a fluorescent dye. It is a xanthene dye, a gamma-lactone, a polyphenol, an oxaspiro compound, a member of 2-benzofurans and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It derives from a fluoran. it is an organic compound that has wide use as a synthetic coloring agent. It is prepared by heating phthalic anhydride and resorcinol over a zinc catalyst, and it crystallizes as a deep red powder. This agent emits an intense green fluorescence in the presence of alkaline solutions and therefore is used as a label when conjugated to antibodies or as a contrast agent for ophthalmic angiography. 
it is a member of 1,3,5-triazines and a monocarboxylic acid. it is a modulator of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) activity and inhibitor of the enzyme orotate phosphoribosyl-transferase (OPRT), with chemoprotective activity. it preferentially localizes in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract where it inhibits OPRT, thereby decreasing metabolism of 5-FU into its active metabolite 5-fluorouridine-5'-monophosphate (FUMP). This decreases activated 5-FU-related gastrointestinal toxicity. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiolanes. These are organic compounds containing thiolane, a five-member saturated ring containing four carbon atoms and a sulfur atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, xi-tetrahydro-2-thiophenethiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
2, 5-Diethylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. 2, 5-Diethylthiazole exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 5-diethylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 5-Diethylthiazole is a meaty, musty, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 5-diethylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyruvate ester resultinf grom the formal condensation of the carboxy group of pyruvic acid with the hydroxy group of methanol. It is a pyruvate ester and a methyl ester. It derives from a pyruvic acid. 
it is an orally available, selective estrogen receptor degrader (SERD) and selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM), with potential antineoplastic and estrogen-like activities. Upon oral administration of higher doses of it, this agent acts as a SERD, which binds to the estrogen receptor (ER) and induces a conformational change that results in the degradation of the receptor. This may inhibit the growth and survival of ER-expressing cancer cells. At lower doses of this agent, RAD1901 acts as a SERM and has estrogen-like effects in certain tissues, which can both reduce hot flashes and protect against bone loss. In addition, it is able to cross the blood-brain barrier (BBB). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion that is the conjugate base of pimelic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion and a it. It is a conjugate base of a pimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
Contamex is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it maleate appears as odorless white crystalline solid or white powder with a bitter taste. pH (2% aqueous solution) 5. pH (1% aqueous solution) 4-5. (NTP, 1992) it is a tertiary amino compound that is propylamine which is substituted at position 3 by a pyridin-2-yl group and a p-chlorophenyl group and in which the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen are replaced by methyl groups. A histamine H1 antagonist, it is used to relieve the symptoms of hay fever, rhinitis, urticaria, and asthma. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an antipruritic drug, a histamine antagonist, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, an antidepressant and an anti-allergic agent. It is a tertiary amino compound, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of pyridines. 
Peplomycin Sulfate is the sulfate salt of the bleomycin analogue peplomycin. Peplomycin forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals that cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA. This agent appears to show greater antitumor activity than bleomycin; its use is limited due to pulmonary toxicity. (NCI04) 
An antimuscarinic agent that inhibits gastric secretion at lower doses than are required to affect gastrointestinal motility, salivary, central nervous system, cardiovascular, ocular, and urinary function. It promotes the healing of duodenal ulcers and due to its cytoprotective action is beneficial in the prevention of duodenal ulcer recurrence. It also potentiates the effect of other antiulcer agents such as CIMETIDINE and RANITIDINE. It is generally well tolerated by patients. 
it is a sulfur oxoanion that is the conjugate base of hydrogen it (H2SO3). It is a sulfur oxoanion, a sulfur oxide and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenit. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which two of the methyl hydrogens are substituted by phenyl and hydroxyl groups. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenes. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a mandelate. it is an aromatic alpha hydroxy acid used in the treatment of urinary tract infections and as an oral antibiotic. 
Erythrosin B is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 2-(2,4,5,7-tetraiodo-6-oxido-3-oxo-8a,10a-dihydroxanthen-9-yl)benzoic acid. It has a role as a fluorescent dye. It contains an erythrosin(2-). 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-en-28-oic acid substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an oleanolate. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is 3,3a,4,4a,7a,8,9,9a-octahydroazuleno[6,5-b]furan-2,5-dione substituted by methyl groups at positions 4a and 8 and a methylidene group at position 3. Isolated from the aerial parts of Inula hupehensis, it exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, a sesquiterpene lactone, a cyclic ketone and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 
it is the fundamental parent of a class of sesquiterpenes with a structure based upon a cyclodecane ring substituted with an isopropyl and two methyl groups. It is a terpenoid fundamental parent and a sesquiterpene. 
Phosphoenolpyruvate is a monocarboxylic acid anion resuting from selective deprotonation of the carboxy group of phosphoenolpyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. It derives from an acrylate. It is a conjugate base of a phosphoenolpyruvic acid. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid that is stearic acid bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 12. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid and a secondary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a 12-hydroxyoctadecanoate. 
it is an organic heterohexacyclic compound that is a mycotoxic indole alkaloid obtained by prenylation of the 10-hydroxy group of verruculogen. It has a role as a mycotoxin. It is an aromatic ether, a diol, an indole alkaloid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and an organic peroxide. It derives from a verruculogen. 
it is the orally bioavailable potassium salt of a human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) integrase strand transfer inhibitor (HIV-1 INSTI) with HIV-1 antiviral activity. Raltegravir binds to and inhibits integrase, an HIV enzyme that inserts viral genetic material into the genetic material of the infected human cell. Inhibition of integrase prevents insertion of HIV DNA into the human DNA genome, thus blocking HIV replication. 
it is a 39-membered polypeptide consisting of His, Ser, Asp, Gly, Thr, Phe, Thr, Ser, Asp, Leu, Ser, Lys, Gln, Met, Glu, Glu, Glu, Ala, Val, Arg, Leu, Phe, Ile, Glu, Trp, Leu, Lys, Asn, Gly, Gly, Pro, Ser, Ser, Gly, Ala, Pro, Pro, Pro and Ser-NH2 residues joined in sequence. It is isolated from venom of the Gila monster lizard Heloderma horridum. It has a role as a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist and a metabolite. 
Droxidopa, also known as dops or northera, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tyrosine and derivatives. Tyrosine and derivatives are compounds containing tyrosine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of tyrosine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. Droxidopa is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Droxidopa has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
(S)-nicotine N(1')-oxide is a nicotine N(1')-oxide resulting from the oxidation of the pyrrolidine nitrogen of (S)-nicotine; major species at pH 7.3. It derives from a (S)-nicotine. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-asparagine and L-histidine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-histidine. 
it is an alkane that is undecane substituted by a methyl group at position 4. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an undecane. 
it is an acetate salt obtained by combining histrelin with acetic acid. The amount of acetic acid present can vary and a variable amount of water may be present. it is used as a subcutaneous hydrogel implant for the treatment of prostate cancer and for the suppression of gonadal sex hormone production in children with central precocious puberty. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist. It contains a histrelin. Histrelin Acetate is the acetate salt form of histrelin, a long-acting, synthetic nonapeptide analog of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) with potential anti-tumor activity. Upon administration, histrelin binds to and activates GnRH receptors; prolonged administration results in pituitary GnRH receptor desensitization and inhibition of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) secretion, leading to a significant decline in testosterone production in males and may inhibit androgen receptor-positive tumor progression; in females, prolonged administration results in decreased estradiol production. 
it appears as a colorless to light-colored liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Very corrosive to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Combustible. 
it (also known as it) is a competitive protease inhibitor. It is an inhibitor of aminopeptidase B, leukotriene A4 hydrolase, aminopeptidase N. It is being studied for use in the treatment of acute myelocytic leukemia. it is a microbial metabolite and dipeptide with potential immunomodulatory and antitumor activities. it competitively inhibits many aminopeptidases, including B, N and leucine aminopeptidases. Aminopeptidases has been implicated in the process of cell adhesion and invasion of tumor cells. Therefore, inhibiting aminopeptidases may partially attribute to the antitumor effect of ubenimex. This agent also activates T lymphocyte, macrophage and bone marrow stem cell as well as stimulates release of interleukin-1 and -2, thus further enhances its antitumor activity. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid isolated from Laurencia intermedia and Aplysia kurodai and has been found to exhibit antibacterial activity, It has a role as a metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, an antibacterial agent and an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a member of phenols and an organobromine compound. 
OxyELITE Pro is the commercial name for a variety of multi-ingredient nutritional supplements (MINS) marketed for weight loss and body building. In 2013, one of the OxyELITE Pro products called â€œSuper Thermogenicâ€ was withdrawn from use in the United States after it was implicated in more than 50 cases of acute hepatitis including several instances of fatal, acute liver failure. 
it is an inhibitor of the influenza neuraminidase enzyme and is used as therapy of acute symptomatic influenza A and B. it has not been associated with serum enzyme elevations during therapy or with clinically apparent liver injury. it is a cyclopentane derivative with activity against influenza A and B viruses. it is a neuraminidase inhibitor which prevents normal processing of virus particles such that virus particles are not released from infected cells. 
it is an aminopyrimidine that consists of 2,6-diaminopyrimidine bearing a bromo substituent at position 5, a 4-cyano-2,6-dimethylphenoxy substituent at position 4 and having a 4-cyanophenyl substituent attached to the 2-amino group. NNRTI of HIV-1, binds directly to RT and blocks RNA-dependent and DNA-dependent DNA polymerase activities It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an antiviral agent. It is a dinitrile, an organobromine compound, an aminopyrimidine and an aromatic ether. it is a diarylpyrimidine non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. it is designed to be active against HIV isolates with mutations that confer resistance to the two most commonly prescribed first-generation NNRTIs. It can bind the enzyme reverse transcriptase (RT) in multiple conformations, both for native and mutant RT, thereby blocking the enzymatic activity of RT. 
it appears as a colorless to light-colored solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may cause burns to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. May ignite upon exposure to air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it appears as a colorless or yellow solid with a pungent odor of chlorine. Begins to sublime below melting point. Soluble in alcohol. Toxic by inhalation and a strong irritant to the eyes and mucous membranes. it is an osmium coordination entity consisting of four oxygen atoms bound to a central osmium atom via covalent double bonds. It has a role as an oxidising agent, a poison, a fixative and a histological dye. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-5-(2-propenyl)pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-methyl-5-(2-propenyl)pyrazine can be found in cereals and cereal products and nuts. This makes 2-methyl-5-(2-propenyl)pyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as iso-amyl N-decanoate or isoamyl caprate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-methylbutyl decanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a sweet, banana, and cognac taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monocyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing 1 ring in the isoprene chain. Within the cell, sylveterpinolene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as PE(34:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phosphatidylethanolamines. These are glycerophosphoetahnolamines in which two fatty acids are bonded to the glycerol moiety through ester linkages. Thus, it is considered to be a glycerophosphoethanolamine lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and intracellular membrane. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Cytidine monophosphate and it can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(18:0/16:0/0:0) through the action of the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. Furthermore, it can be biosynthesized from PS(18:0/16:0); which is mediated by the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Furthermore, it can be biosynthesized from PS(18:0/16:0) through the action of the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Finally, Cytidine monophosphate and it can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(18:0/16:0/0:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. In humans, it is involved in phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis PC(18:0/16:0) pathway and phosphatidylethanolamine biosynthesis it pathway. 
it is a carotenoid that is 1,2,4-trimethylmenzene in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by an all-trans-3,7,12,16,20,24-hexamethylpentacosa-1,3,5,7,9,11,13,15,17,19,23-undecaen-1-yl group. Found in photosynthetic green bacteria. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a carotenoid, a member of benzenes and a carotenoid phi-end group. 
it is an organic chloride salt and a xanthene dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it(1+). 
Heated yellow liquid. Solidifies if allowed to cool. Insoluble in water and more dense than water. Toxic by skin absorption, inhalation and ingestion. Easily absorbed through the skin. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make dyes and other chemicals. it is a dinitrotoluene in which the methyl group is ortho to one of the nitro groups and para to the other. It is the most common isomer of dinitrotoluene. 
it, red fuming appears as a pale yellow to reddish brown liquid generating red-brown fumes and having a suffocating odor. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals or tissue. Prolonged exposure to low concentrations or short term exposure to high concentrations may result in adverse health effects.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Hours - days  Odor threshold: ~1 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Used in many industries; Very corrosive to skin/mucous membranes as well as metals & other materials. it is a nitrogen oxoacid of formula HNO3 in which the nitrogen atom is bonded to a hydroxy group and by equivalent bonds to the remaining two oxygen atoms. It has a role as a protic solvent and a reagent. It is a conjugate acid of a nitrate. 
it is an organic nitrate salt, a conazole antifungal drug and an imidazole antifungal drug. it is the nitrate salt form of sulconazole, a synthetic imidazole derivative with antifungal property. it inhibits fungal cytochrome P-450 sterol C-14 alpha-demethylation, resulting in the accumulation of fungal 14 alpha-methyl sterols and inhibition of the synthesis of ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell membrane. Inhibition of ergosterol synthesis leads to a disruption of cell membrane permeability, and ultimately inhibition of cell wall synthesis. In addition, it seems to interfere with the autolytic degradation of fungal DNA and RNA. 
Congo corinth is an organic sodium salt resulting from the formal condensation of Congo corinth (acid form) with two equivalents of sodium hydroxide. A histological dye used to stain frozen sections for rapid diagnosis and to demonstrate amuloid. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a Congo corinth(2-). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. May spontaneously decompose and explode under prolonged exposure to fire or heat. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it is a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid, also known as p-methoxycinnamic acid or 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)acrylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamic acids. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a benzene and a carboxylic acid group forming 3-phenylprop-2-enoic acid. 3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid can be biosynthesized from cinnamic acid. 3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is also a parent compound for other transformation products, including but not limited to, (1R, 2S, 3S, 4S)-4-formyl-2-methoxy-3-[(2E)-6-methylhept-2-en-2-yl]cyclohexyl (2E)-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)acrylate, senegasaponin b, and senegin iii. 
Vinflunine is a bi-fluorinated derivative of the semi-synthetic vinca alkaloid vinorelbine with antitubulin, antineoplastic, and antiangiogenic activities. Vinflunine inhibits tubulin assembly without any stablization of assembled microtubules at concentrations comparable to those of other vinca alkaloids such as vincristine, vinblastine and vinorelbine; this effect on microtubule dynamics results in cell cycle arrest in mitosis and apoptosis. Compared to other vinca alkaloids, this agent binds weakly to the vinca-binding site, indicating that vinflunine may exhibit reduced neurotoxicity. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is the 2-keto derivative of propionic acid. It is a metabolite obtained during glycolysis. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a pyruvate. 
it is a ribonic acid phosphate. It derives from a D-ribonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-carboxylato-D-arabinitol 1-phosphate(3-). 
Everolimus is an inhibitor of cell proliferation and immunosuppressive agent that is used alone or in combination with calcineurin inhibitors to prevent cellular rejection after organ transplantation, and in combination with other anticancer agents as treatment of advanced renal cell and other cancers. Everolimus therapy can be associated with mild serum enzyme elevations, but has yet to be linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a synthetic oxazaphosphorine derivative with antineoplastic properties. it alkylates DNA, forming DNA cross-links and inhibiting DNA synthesis. Although closely related to cyclophosphamide, mafosfamide, unlike cyclophosphamide, does not require hepatic activation to generate its active metabolite 4-hydroxy-cyclophosphamide; accordingly, mafosfamide is potentially useful in the intrathecal treatment of neoplastic meningitis. (NCI04) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 is substituted by a 4-(imidazo[1,2-a]pyridin-2-yl)phenyl group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug that also exhibits analgesic, antipyretic and platelet aggregation inhibition properties. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antipyretic, a non-narcotic analgesic and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is an imidazopyridine and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a montelukast(1-). it is the orally bioavailable monosodium salt of montelukast, a selective cysteinyl leukotriene receptor antagonist with anti-inflammatory and bronchodilating activities. Montelukast selectively and competitively blocks the cysteinyl leukotriene 1 (CysLT1) receptor, preventing binding of the inflammatory mediator leukotriene D4 (LTD4). Inhibition of LTD4 activity results in inhibition of leukotriene-mediated inflammatory events including: migration of eosinophils and neutrophils; adhesion of leukocytes to vascular endothelium, monocyte and neutrophil aggregation; increased airway edema; increased capillary permeability; and bronchoconstriction. The CysLT1 receptor is found in a number of tissues including spleen, lung, placenta, small intestine, and nasal mucosa, and in a variety of cell types including monocyte/macrophages, mast cells, eosinophils, CD34-positive hemopoietic progenitor cells, neutrophils and endothelial cells. 
Starch is a fine, white, odorless powder. Note that granules from different vegetable sources vary in shape, size, and general appearance. A mixture of the carbohydrate polymers amylose amylopectin varying according to the vegetable source. Principally used for food. it is a it that has alpha-configuration at the reducing end anomeric centre. 
it is a diamine that is toluene in which both of the hydrogens ortho- to the methyl group are replaced by amino groups. It has a role as a mutagen. It is a diamine and a primary amino compound. It derives from a hydride of a toluene. 
it is an amino cyclitol glycoside that is kanamycin A acylated at the N-1 position by a 4-amino-2-hydroxybutyryl group. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial drug and a nephrotoxin. It is an alpha-D-glucoside, an aminoglycoside, a carboxamide and an amino cyclitol glycoside. It derives from a kanamycin A. It is a conjugate base of an it(4+). it is a broad-spectrum semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic, derived from kanamycin with antimicrobial property. it irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, specifically locking 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex and misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. This agent is usually used in short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive, and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Flash point 134Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is an ortho-fused bicyclic hydrocarbon that is the decahydro- derivative of naphthalene. It has a role as a solvent. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as rhoeadine alkaloids. These are alkaloids with a structure based on rhoeadine. They usually contain a benzazepine system fused with a six-membered hemiacetal or acetal. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a sweet odor and taste. It is lighter than air. It is easily ignited and a flame can easily flash back to the source of the leak. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Can cause explosion. it is an alkene and a gas molecular entity. It has a role as a refrigerant and a plant hormone. 
L-Tryptophyl-L-methionyl-L-aspartyl-L-phenylalaninamide. The C-terminal tetrapeptide of gastrin. It is the smallest peptide fragment of gastrin which has the same physiological and pharmacological activity as gastrin. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03224351 (A Study Evaluating the Safety and Efficacy of it Combination Therapy in Subjects With Cystic Fibrosis). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an irritating odor. Toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Flash point 153Â°F. Slightly soluble in water. Corrosive to metals and tissue. A lachrymator. Density 9.2 lb /gal. it is a member of the class of its that is toluene substituted on the alpha-carbon with chlorine. 
it is a colorless liquid with a weak suffocating odor. Floats on water. Produces an irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) it is a methylbutanal that is butanal substituted by a methyl group at position 3. It occurs as a volatile constituent in olives. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a plant metabolite, a volatile oil component and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
it is a colorless gas with an ethereal odor. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its own vapor pressure. It is noncombustible. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. Toxic gases can be produced in fires involving this material. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
it appears as a colorless limpid liquid with an aromatic odor. Flash point 42Â°F. Density 0.783 g / cm3. Toxic by skin absorption. Less dense than water. Vapors are denser than air. it is a nitrile that is hydrogen cyanide in which the hydrogen has been replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent and an EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitor. It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pleasant fruity odor. Moderately toxic by inhalation. Insoluble in water and floats on water, but soluble in alcohol and ethers. It is used as a flavoring and in the manufacture of insecticides. 
it is a phosphinic acid-containing N-acyl derivative of (4S)-cyclohexyl-L-proline. An inhibitor of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE), it is used as the phosphinate ester pro-drug fosinopril for treatment of hypertension and chronic heart failure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor. It is a member of phosphinic acids and a L-proline derivative. it is a phosphinic acid-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it specifically and competitively inhibits angiotensin-converting enzyme thereby decreasing the formation of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II, resulting in diminished vasopressor activity. In addition, angiotensin II-mediated aldosterone secretion by adrenal cortex is decreased, which results in a decrease of sodium retention and an increase in water outflow. 
it is a member of the class of pyrans that is 3,6-dihydro-2H-pyran which is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by a 2-methylprop-1-en-1-yl group and a methyl group, respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a flavouring agent and an animal metabolite. It is a member of pyrans, an olefinic compound and a monoterpenoid. It derives from a nerol. 
it is an amino cyclitol glycoside that is 2-deoxystreptamine in which the pro-R hydroxy group is substituted by a 6-amino-6-deoxy-alpha-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It derives from a 2-deoxystreptamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3+). 
it is an amino acid ester that is the ethyl ester of cyclohex-3-ene-1-carboxylic acid in which the cyclohexane ring is substituted at positions 1 and 2 by phenyl and dimethylamino groups, respectively. It has four possible diastereoisomers; the opioid analgesic drug tilidine is a racemate comprising the two trans diastereoisomers. It is an amino acid ester, a tertiary amino compound and an ethyl ester. It derives from an ethyl 2-(methylamino)-1-phenylcyclohex-3-ene-1-carboxylate. 
it is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate having 5-methylcytosine as the nucleobase. It is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
1-Phenyl-2, 4-pentadiyn-1-one, also known as demethylcapillone or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). 1-Phenyl-2, 4-pentadiyn-1-one exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-phenyl-2, 4-pentadiyn-1-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-phenyl-2, 4-pentadiyn-1-one can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 1-phenyl-2, 4-pentadiyn-1-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a mixed metal oxide with formula Fe2NiO4. It is a mixed metal oxide, an iron coordination entity and a nickel coordination entity. It contains an iron(3+). 
it is an indolyl alcohol carrying a hydroxymethyl group at position 3. It is a constituent of the cruciferous vegetables and had anticancer activity. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 
P,p&#39;-dde appears as white crystalline solid or white powder. (NTP, 1992) DDE is a chlorophenylethylene that is ethylene substituted by two 4-chlorophenyl groups at position 1 and two chlorine atoms at position 2. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a chlorophenylethylene. 
it appears as white crystalline solid or liquid (above 87Â°F). Used as an insecticide. Technical grade is a viscous brown liquid. (NIOSH, 2016) it is an organic sulfide that is diphenyl sulfide in which the hydrogen at the para position of each of the phenyl groups has been replaced by a (dimethoxyphosphorothioyl)oxy group. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical and an ectoparasiticide. It is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and an organic sulfide. It derives from a 4,4'-thiodiphenol. 
it is a hydroxyaldehyde that is isobutyraldehyde carrying a single hydroxy substituent at position 2. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of propanals, a hydroxyaldehyde and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from an isobutyraldehyde. It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. 
it, also known as 4-cresyl acetate or 2-acetoxytoluene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, floral, and fruit taste. 
it is a white powder. A monomer for flame-retardant epoxy, polyester and polycarboante resins. it is a bromobisphenol that is 4,4'-methanediyldiphenol in which the methylene hydrogens are replaced by two methyl groups and the phenyl rings are substituted by bromo groups at positions 2, 2', 6 and 6'. It is a brominated flame retardant. It has a role as a flame retardant. It derives from a bisphenol A. 
it is an amsacrine analogue with antineoplastic properties. it inhibits the enzyme topoisomerase ll, thereby blocking DNA replication and RNA and protein synthesis. 
it is glycerol in which the hydrogen of one of the primary hydroxy groups is substituted by a 4-chlorophenyl group. It has antifungal and antibacterial properties, and is used for treatment of cutaneous and vaginal infections. Its 1-carbamate is used as a skeletal muscle relaxant for the treatment of painful muscle spasm. It has a role as a muscle relaxant, an antibacterial drug and an antifungal drug. It is a glycol, a member of propane-1,2-diols and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
Bleomycin appears as colorless or yellowish powder. Possible bluish color depending on copper content. (NTP, 1992) Bleomycin is a mixture of glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
Tergitol NP-9 is a tergitol polymer consisting of nonylbenzene with a nine-membered poly(ethylene glycol) moiety attached at position 4. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant and a contraceptive drug. 
it appears as a dark colored liquid with an aromatic odor. Insoluble in water and about the same density as water. Toxic by skin absorption and inhalation of vapors. Toxic fumes may evolve during combustion. 
it is a HETrE that is (8Z,10E,14Z)-icosatrienoic acid in which the hydroxy group is located at the 12(S)-posiiton. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an all-cis-icosa-8,11,14-trienoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2,6-dichlorobenzoic acid with the amino group of [3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]methylamine. A fungicide used for the control of a range of diseases including downy mildew and blight. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzamides, an organofluorine compound, a monochloropyridine, a dichlorobenzene and a benzamide fungicide. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylate that is the conjugate base of quinaldic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a quinaldic acid. 
it, also known as lacto-N-neotetraose or LNNT, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in breast milk. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-methyl-3-hydroxybutyric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxy-2-methylbutanoic acid. 
it is a pyridinecarboxamide obtained by condensation of 4-[4-({[4-chloro-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]carbamoyl}amino)-3-fluorophenoxy]pyridine-2-carboxylic acid with methylamine. Used for for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer in patients who have previously received chemotherapy, anti-EGFR or anti-VEGF therapy. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and a hepatotoxic agent. It is an aromatic ether, a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. it is an orally bioavailable small molecule with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. it binds to and inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFRs) 2 and 3, and Ret, Kit, PDGFR and Raf kinases, which may result in the inhibition of tumor angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation. VEGFRs are receptor tyrosine kinases that play important roles in tumor angiogenesis; the receptor tyrosine kinases RET, KIT, and PDGFR, and the serine/threonine-specific Raf kinase are involved in tumor cell signaling. 
it is a thirteen-membered polypeptide comprising the sequence Trp-His-Trp-Leu-Gln-Leu-Lys-Pro-Gly-Gln-Pro-Met-Tyr. Corresponds to the P01149[90-102] fragment of mating factor alpha-1 from Saccharomyces cerevisiae (strain ATCC 204508/S288c). It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03472326 (Efficacy of it Functional Monotherapy in HIV-1-Infected Adults Failing a Nucleos(t)Ide Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor-Containing Regimen). 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 4,5-bisphosphate in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as stearoyl and arachidonoyl respectively. It derives from an arachidonic acid and an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is a butyl 2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoate that has S configuration. It is the inactive enantiomer of the herbicide fluazifop-P-butyl. It is an enantiomer of a fluazifop-P-butyl. 
it is a diaminopyridine that is 2,6-diaminopyridine substituted at position 3 by a phenylazo group. A local anesthetic that has topical analgesic effect on mucosa lining of the urinary tract. Its use is limited by problems with toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, a non-narcotic analgesic, a carcinogenic agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a diaminopyridine and an azo compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic pyridine derivative anesthetic, it is used as a local anesthetic in urinary tract disorders to relieve pain of lower urinary-tract irritation, as in cystitis, urethritis or prostatitis. Compatible with relief of pain and discomfort in antibacterial therapy, its use is limited however due to toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity. (NCI04) 
it is a chiral diamino acid consisting of hexanoic acid having amino substituents at the 3- and 6-positions and (S)-configuration. It is a beta-amino acid and a diamino acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a (3S)-3,6-diammoniohexanoate. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is testosterone carrying an additional oxo substituent at position 11. It has a role as an androgen, a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, an 11-oxo steroid, an androstanoid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a testosterone. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 
it is a phenyl sulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of chavicol hydrogen sulfate, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfo group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a chavicol hydrogen sulfate. 
it is a carbohydrazide, a L-glutamic acid derivative, a member of benzyl alcohols and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid that is the 4,5-dihydroxy-2,6-dioxo derivative of hexanoic acid having (4S,5S)-configuration. It is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an aldehyde. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (4S,5S)-4,5-dihydroxy-2,6-dioxohexanoate. 
it is a primary ammonium ion obtained by protonation of the primary amino function of (1S,2R)-tranylcypromine. It is a conjugate acid of a (1S,2R)-tranylcypromine. It is an enantiomer of a (1R,2S)-tranylcypromine(1+). 
it is a member of the class of oxindoles resulting from formal oxidative coupling between the 3-position of 1,3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one and the 3-position of 1,3-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-one, which is substituted at the 5 position by a 1H-indol-3-yl group, where the newly-formed double bond has E configuration. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. It is an olefinic compound, a member of oxindoles and a member of pyrroles. It derives from a proviolacein. 
it is a corticosteroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a fluorinated steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, an acetate ester, a spiroketal and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist that mimics the metabolic, anti-inflammatory, and immunosuppressive activity of the natural glucocorticoids. it interacts with specific corticosteroid receptors and was internalized, which leads to binding of DNA and modification of gene expression. This results in synthesis of anti-inflammatory mediators while inhibiting synthesis of inflammatory mediators. Consequently, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions are achieved. 
it is an ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of trinexapac with ethanol. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a plant growth regulator, an agrochemical, a pro-agent and a gibberellin biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a member of cyclohexanones, a beta-hydroxy ketone, an enol, an ethyl ester and a member of cyclopropanes. It derives from a trinexapac. 
it is an L-leucine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2S,3S)-3-(ethoxycarbonyl)oxirane-2-carboxylic acid with the amino group of N-(3-methylbutyl)-L-leucinamide. It has a role as a cathepsin B inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a L-leucine derivative, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an epoxide and an ethyl ester. it is an inhibitor of cysteine protease with blood platelet aggregation inhibiting activity. it is an irreversible, membrane-permeable inhibitor of lysosomal and cytosolic cysteine proteases with the ability to inhibit calpain activity in intact platelets. 
A strong dibasic acid with the molecular formula H2SeO4. Included under this heading is the acid form, and inorganic salts of dihydrogen selenium tetraoxide. 
it is an aldimine and a one-carbon compound. It derives from a formaldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a methane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleotide sugars. These are purine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the simplest member of the class of propane-1,3-diols, consisting of propane in which one hydrogen from each methyl group is substituted by a hydroxy group. A colourless, viscous, water-miscible liquid with a high (210â„ƒ) boiling point, it is used in the synthesis of certain polymers and as a solvent and antifreeze. It has a role as a protic solvent and a metabolite. 
Bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane-2-carbonitrile, 5-chloro-6-[[[(methylamino)cabonyl]oxy]imino]-, [1s-(1alpha,2beta,4alpha,5alpha,6e)]- is a solid. Used experimentally for residual control of mobile forms of spider mites, including several phosphate resistant strains. Has not been registered. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone that is 1,3,7-trihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone which is by methoxy groups at positions 2 and 8, and by a methyl group at position 6. 
(2R,4S)-it is a 1-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)-4-isopropylpiperazine in which positions 2 and 4 of the 1,3-dioxolane moiety have R and S configuration, respectively. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,4R)-it. it is a synthetic triazole derivative structurally related to fluconazole, antifungal it seems to disrupt cell wall synthesis by inhibiting biosynthesis of ergosterol or other sterols, damaging the fungal cell membrane, altering its permeability, and promoting loss of essential intracellular elements. it is active against Candida sp.. (NCI04) 
2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one is a gamma-lactone that is 1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran in which the hydrogens at position 1 are replaced by an oxo group. It is a gamma-lactone and a member of 2-benzofurans. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 158Â°F. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it, also known as it or 3, 4-dithiaheptane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a garlic, green, and onion tasting compound that can be found in fruits, herbs and spices, and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a L-glutamine derivative that is L-glutamine substituted on the alpha-nitrogen by a 2,4-dinitrophenyl group. It has a role as an epitope. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a C-nitro compound and a L-glutamine derivative. It contains a 2,4-dinitrophenyl group. 
Diisooctyl acid phosphate is a colorless liquid. It will burn though it may require some effort to ignite. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a sulfur-containing amino acid that is propanoic acid with an amino group at position 2 and a sulfanyl group at position 3. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid, a polar amino acid and a sulfur-containing amino acid. It contains a sulfanylmethyl group. It is a conjugate base of a cysteinium. It is a conjugate acid of a cysteinate(1-). It is a tautomer of a cysteine zwitterion. it is a non-essential sulfur-containing amino acid in humans, related to cystine, it is important for protein synthesis, detoxification, and diverse metabolic functions. Found in beta-keratin, the main protein in nails, skin, and hair, it is important in collagen production, as well as skin elasticity and texture. Also required in the manufacture of amino acid taurine, it is a component of the antioxidant glutathione, and plays a role in the metabolism of essential biochemicals such as coenzyme A, heparin, and biotin. (NCI04) 
it is a steroid acid anion that is the conjugate base of fusidic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a fusidic acid. 
it is a dibenzopyran that is Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol which is lacking the hydroxy group and in which the pentyl group at position 3 has been replaced by a 1,1-dimethylbutyl group. A potent and highly selective CB2 receptor agonist. It has a role as a CB2 receptor agonist, an antineoplastic agent, a vasodilator agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an apoptosis inhibitor, an analgesic and an opioid analgesic. It is a dibenzopyran, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a benzochromene. 
it is a nucleotide-alditol, an alditol 4-phosphate and a tetritol phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a polyether that is a nine-membered polypropylene glycol terminated by an amino group at one end and a methoxyethyl termination at the other. A common crystallisation reagent. It is a polyether and a primary amino compound. 
A glycoside of a kaurene type diterpene that is found in some plants including Atractylis gummifera (ATRACTYLIS); COFFEE; XANTHIUM, and CALLILEPIS. Toxicity is due to inhibition of ADENINE NUCLEOTIDE TRANSLOCASE. 
it is a member of imidazolines and a carboxamidine. It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent and a nasal decongestant. It is a conjugate base of a ite(1+). it is an imidazole derivative with sympathomimetic activity. Applied locally to the eye or nose, it binds to and activates alpha-adrenergic receptors, resulting in vasoconstriction and decreased nasal and ophthalmic congestion. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3, 6 and 4' and hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trimethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase (PDE), mainly PDE-3, -4, -10, and -11, with anti-(neuro)inflammatory, vasorelaxant, bronchodilator, analgesic, neuroprotective and potential anti-tumor activities. it (IBD) is able to cross the blood-brain barrier (BBB). Upon administration, IBD exerts its potential anti-tumor activity against glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) cells by inhibiting PDE-4 and the pro-inflammatory cytokine macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF), which results in a decrease in MIF, its receptor CD74, and AKT expression, and attenuates the immunosuppressive properties of monocytic myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSCs) and reduces T-regulatory cells (Tregs). This causes GBM cell apoptosis and inhibits GBM cell proliferation. In addition, IBD reduces, through its inhibitory effect on various PDEs, the production of certain pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as interleukin-6 (IL-6), IL- 1beta, leukotriene B4, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a). IBD also upregulates the anti-inflammatory cytokine (IL-10), and promotes the production of neurotrophic factors, such as brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), nerve growth factor (NGF), and neurotrophin-4 (NT-4). It also blocks toll-like receptor-4 (TLR-4), inhibits nitric oxide (NO) synthesis and reduces the level of reactive oxygen species (ROS). It also prevents platelet aggregation, causes cerebral vasodilation, bronchial smooth muscle relaxation, and improves cerebral blood flow. In addition, IBD attenuates the PDE-mediated activation of glial cells and abrogates PDE-mediated neuroinflammation and neurodegeneration. MIF is secreted by cancer stem cells (CSCs) and is highly expressed within GBM and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation. Co-expression of MIF and CD74 in GBM is associated with poor patient survival. 
it is a dark brown liquid. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a benzoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of anthranilic acid with the hydroxy group of butanol. Found in several fruit species, it is used as a flavouring and fragrance agent and also exhibits insect repellent properties. It has a role as a flavouring agent, an insect repellent, a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is a benzoate ester and a substituted aniline. It derives from an anthranilic acid and a butan-1-ol. 
it is an aminopyridine that is 3-aminopyridine carrying an additional iodo substituent at postion 4. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an aminopyridine and an organoiodine compound. 
Hydroxyglutamic acid, also known as Hydroxyglutamic acid, erythro-(DL)-isomer or beta-Hydroxyglutamate, is classified as a glutamic acid or a derivative. A glutamic acid or a derivative are compounds containing glutamic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of glutamic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. Hydroxyglutamic acid is considered a soluble (in water), acidic compound. 
it is an aromatic amide that is 2-aminophenol in which one of the amino hydrogens has been replaced by an acetyl group and the phenolic hydrogen replaced by a sulfo group. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of acetamides and an aromatic amide. It derives from a 2-aminophenol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as a toxic corrosive light yellow liquid or gas. Noncombustible. Used in the manufacture of other chemicals and in the manufacture of electronics. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion obtained via transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of N(6)-acetyl-L-lysine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a N(6)-acetyl-L-lysine. 
it is a pyrrolopurine that is 2,6-diiminodecahydropyrrolo[1,2-c]purine carrying an additional hydroxymethyl substituent at position 4 as well as two hydroxy substituents at position 10. A toxin that is isolated from marine dinoflagellates and cyanobacteria and is known to cause paralytic shellfish poisoning. It has a role as a marine metabolite, a neurotoxin, a toxin, a bacterial metabolite and a xenobiotic. It is a pyrrolopurine, a member of guanidines, a ketone hydrate, a primary alcohol and an alkaloid. 
it is an aminoimidazole in which the amino group is at C-5 with a carboxamido group at C-4. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an aminoimidazole and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is (3R,3aS,9aS,9bS)-3,3a,4,5,9a,9b-hexahydroazuleno[4,5-b]furan-2,7-dione carrying three additional methyl substituents at positions 3, 6 and 9. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a nitric oxide synthase activator. It is an azulenofuran and a sesquiterpene lactone. 
it is a cardenolide glycoside that is lanatoside C with the acetoxy group replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug, a cardiotonic drug, a metabolite and an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is a 14beta-hydroxy steroid, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a cardenolide glycoside and a tetrasaccharide derivative. 
it appears as white colorless cubic crystals. Strong saline taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a metal chloride salt with a K(+) counterion. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is a potassium salt and an inorganic chloride. it is a metal halide composed of potassium and chloride. Potassium maintains intracellular tonicity, is required for nerve conduction, cardiac, skeletal and smooth muscle contraction, production of energy, the synthesis of nucleic acids, maintenance of blood pressure and normal renal function. This agent has potential antihypertensive effects and when taken as a nutritional supplement may prevent hypokalemia. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02031419 (Novel Combinations of it, CC-223, CC-292, and Rituximab in Diffuse Large B-cell Lymphoma and Follicular Lymphoma). it is a novel, small molecule cereblon-modulating agent with potential antineoplastic, antiangiogenic and immunomodulatory activities. Upon oral administration, it binds to and modulates cereblon to promote recruitment of the hematopoietic transcription factors Aiolos and Ikaros to the Cullin-4 RING E3 ubiquitin ligase complex. This binding results in the ubiquitination and rapid proteasomal degradation of Aiolos and Ikaros and the derepression of interferon (IFN)-stimulated genes, including DDX58 and IRF7, leading to apoptosis of certain tumor cells. Additionally, Aiolos degredation leads to derepression of the IL2 gene, thereby enhancing interleukin-2 production, costimulation of T-lymphocytes and IL-2-induced T-cell proliferation. it may also promote the activation of natural killer (NK) cells, potentially enhancing tumor cell killing. Aiolos and Ikaros are transcriptional repressors known to play an important role in normal B- and T-cell function. 
Ceftriaxone is a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic which has been associated with development of biliary sludge and biliary colic when given parenterally and in high doses. Ceftriaxone is also associated with rare instances of immunoallergic, usually cholestatic hepatitis similar to the injury associated with other cephalosporins. Ceftriaxone Sodium is the sodium salt form of ceftriaxone, a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
4-Carboethoxy-gamma-butyrolactone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. 4-Carboethoxy-gamma-butyrolactone is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 4-Carboethoxy-gamma-butyrolactone has a roast and smoke taste. 
Carboplatin is a second-generation platinum compound with a broad spectrum of antineoplastic properties. Carboplatin contains a platinum atom complexed with two ammonia groups and a cyclobutane-dicarboxyl residue. This agent is activated intracellularly to form reactive platinum complexes that bind to nucleophilic groups such as GC-rich sites in DNA, thereby inducing intrastrand and interstrand DNA cross-links, as well as DNA-protein cross-links. These carboplatin-induced DNA and protein effects result in apoptosis and cell growth inhibition. This agent possesses tumoricidal activity similar to that of its parent compound, cisplatin, but is more stable and less toxic. (NCI04) 
it, also known as antelmycin or eudesma-5, 7-diene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched unsaturated hydrocarbons. These are hydrocarbons that contains one or more unsaturated carbon atoms, and an aliphatic branch. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of betamethasone phosphate. It is an organic sodium salt and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It contains a betamethasone phosphate(2-). it is the disodium salt of the 21-phosphate ester of betamethasone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with metabolic, immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory actions. it binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
it is an organic tricyclic compound that is 10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene substituted by a 3-(dimethylamino)propylidene group at position 5. It has a role as an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an antidepressant, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a tropomyosin-related kinase B receptor agonist. It is a tertiary amine and an organic tricyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. it is a derivative of dibenzocycloheptadiene and a tricyclic antidepressant. it inhibits the re-uptake of norepinephrine and serotonin by the presynaptic neuronal membrane in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby increasing the synaptic concentration of norepinephrine and serotonin. Due to constant stimulation to these receptors, it may produce a downregulation of adrenergic and serotonin receptors, which may contribute to the antidepressant activity. 
it is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols that is benzyl alcohol in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 4 are replaced by chlorines. It has a role as an antiseptic drug. It is a member of benzyl alcohols and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is N-hydroxyglycine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a formyl group. It was originally isolated from cultures of Penicillium frequentans. It has a role as a teratogenic agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a N-hydroxy-alpha-amino-acid and an aldehyde. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes carrying 2-(diethylamino)ethoxy and allyl substituents at positions 2 and 3 respectively. It is a member of benzaldehydes, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and an olefinic compound. 
it is a member of the class of cinnamaldehydes that is cinnamaldehyde substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and a methoxy group at position 3. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of cinnamaldehydes, a phenylpropanoid and a member of guaiacols. It derives from an (E)-cinnamaldehyde. 
it is a it that is the conjugate base of D-glyceric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-glyceric acid. 
it is an orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor of c-Met with potential antineoplastic activity. c-Met inhibitor it binds to the c-Met protein and disrupts c-Met signal transduction pathways, which may induce cell death in tumor cells overexpressing c-Met protein or expressing constitutively activated c-Met protein. c-Met protein, the product of the proto-oncogene c-Met, is a receptor tyrosine kinase also known as hepatocyte growth factor receptor (HGFR); this protein is overexpressed or mutated in many tumor cell types and plays key roles in tumor cell proliferation, survival, invasion, and metastasis, and tumor angiogenesis. 
it is a sulfonamide that is the N-ethyl derivative of perfluorooctane sulfonamidoacetic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is an organofluorine compound, a monocarboxylic acid and a sulfonamide. 
it, also known as bornyl methanoate or fema 2161, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, bornyl formate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a balsam, earthy, and green tasting compound that can be found in rosemary. This makes bornyl formate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an orally available bromide salt form of butylscopolamine, a quaternary ammonium derivative of the alkaloid scopolamine, with anticholinergic property. Upon oral administration, hyoscine butylbromide binds to and blocks muscarinic receptors located on postganglionic parasympathetic nerve endings and on smooth muscle cells. This blocks the activity of acetylcholine (Ach) and causes its antispasmodic effect in the gastrointestinal (GI), urinary, uterine, and biliary tracts. This agent may also facilitate radiologic visualization of the GI tract. 
it is a dipeptide that is the N-(beta-alanyl) derivative of L-histidine. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a carnosinate. It is a tautomer of a carnosine zwitterion. Polaprezinc is an orally bioavailable chelate composed of zinc and it, with potential gastroprotective, anti-oxidant, anti-ulcer and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon administration, polaprezinc increases the expression of various anti-oxidant enzymes, such as superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD-1), SOD-2, heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), glutathione S-transferase (GST), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-px), peroxidredoxin-1 (PRDX1; PRXI) and PRXD5 (PRXV) in the gastric mucosa, which protect cells against reactive oxygen species (ROS). In addition, this agent inhibits the activity of the transcription factor nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) and reduces the expression of several pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as interleukin (IL) 1beta, IL-6, IL-8, and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-a). Polaprezinc also increases the expression of various growth factors, such as platelet-derived growth factor-B (PDGF-B), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), and nerve growth factor (NGF), and various heat shock proteins (HSPs), including HSP90, HSP70, HSP60, HSP47, HSP27, and HSP10. This protects against damages to, and accelerates healing of the gastric mucosa. 
it is an indolocarbazole alkaloid and an organic heterooctacyclic compound. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a itium. it is a cell permeable alkaloid isolated from Streptomyces staurosporeus exhibiting anti-cancer activity. it is a potent, non-selective inhibitor of protein kinases, including protein kinase C. This agent induces apoptosis by an undetermined mechanism. (NCI) 
it is a pyrazole substituted at position 1 by a 2-cyano-1-cyclopentylethyl group and at position 3 by a pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-yl group. Used as the phosphate salt for the treatment of patients with intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, including primary myelofibrosis, post-polycythemia vera myelofibrosis and post-essential thrombocythemia myelofibrosis. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a nitrile, a pyrrolopyrimidine and a member of pyrazoles. it is an orally bioavailable Janus-associated kinase (JAK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic and immunomodulating activities. it specifically binds to and inhibits protein tyrosine kinases JAK 1 and 2, which may lead to a reduction in inflammation and an inhibition of cellular proliferation. The JAK-STAT (signal transducer and activator of transcription) pathway plays a key role in the signaling of many cytokines and growth factors and is involved in cellular proliferation, growth, hematopoiesis, and the immune response; JAK kinases may be upregulated in inflammatory diseases, myeloproliferative disorders, and various malignancies. 
it appears as dark reddish-yellow leaflets or orange powder. Slight odor. (NTP, 1992) it is an azo compound. It has a role as a dye. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
it, also known as isodocosane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages and citrus. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as it or DDS-NOH, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzenesulfonyl compounds. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzenesulfonyl group, which consists of a monocyclic benzene moiety that carries a sulfonyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a dipyridodiazepine that is nevirapine in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the anti-HIV drug, nevirapine. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a member of cyclopropanes, a dipyridodiazepine and an aromatic primary alcohol. It derives from a nevirapine. 
Crilvastatin is a pyrrolidone non-competitive inhibitor of hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. Crilvastatin acts by stimulating LDL-cholesterol uptake by hepatocytes and also by stimulating bile cholesterol and bile salt secretion. 
Dull gray powder or hard, brittle, steel-gray to white metal. Difficult to melt. Mp: 3410Â°C; bp; 5900Â°C. Density: 19.3 g/cm3. Used in alloys, light bulb filaments, and cutting tools.  it Dust (for example, from grinding) may present a moderate fire hazard if allowed to accumulate and exposed to an ignition source. it is a chromium group element atom. It has a role as a micronutrient. 
it is a polyazaalkane that is spermidine in which the amino hydrogen at postion 4 is replaced by a 3-aminopropyl group It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a polyazaalkane, a primary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a spermidine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4+). 
it is the edisylate salt form of prochlorperazine, a derivative of phenothiazine with antipsychotic and antiemetic properties. it blocks postsynaptic dopamine receptors in cortical and limbic areas of the brain, thereby preventing the excess of dopamine in the brain. This leads to a reduction in psychotic symptoms, including hallucinations and delusions. it appears to exert its antiemetic activity by blocking the dopamine and histamine receptors in the chemical trigger zone (CTZ) in the brain, thereby relieving nausea and vomiting. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that consists of multifidol attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. Isolated from Acacia mearnsii, it exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent and a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor. It is a butanone, a monosaccharide derivative, a member of resorcinols and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a multifidol. 
it (anhydrous) is the anhydrous form of the monohydrochloride salt of ciprofloxacin. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an antibacterial drug, a topoisomerase IV inhibitor and an antiinfective agent. It contains a ciprofloxacin. it is the hydrochloride salt form of ciprofloxacin, a fluoroquinolone related to nalidixic acid with antibacterial activity. it exerts its bactericidal effect by interfering with the bacterial DNA gyrase, thereby inhibiting the DNA synthesis and preventing bacterial cell growth. 
it is a benzenedisulfonamide and carbonic anhydrase (CA) inhibitor with diuretic activity. it inhibits CA, thereby preventing sodium, bicarbonate and thus water reabsorption in the proximal convoluted tubule resulting in diuresis. 
it is an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound, a member of quinazolines and a member of furans. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It derives from a monofluorobenzene. it is a synthetic, orally-active quinazoline with potential antineoplastic properties. it reversibly blocks phosphorylation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), ErbB2, and the Erk-1 and-2 and AKT kinases; it also inhibits cyclin D protein levels in human tumor cell lines and xenografts. EGFR and ErbB2 have been implicated in the growth of various tumor types. 
it is a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic having methyl and beta-(2R)-2-amino-2-phenylacetamido groups at the 3- and 7- of the cephem skeleton, respectively. It is effective against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive organisms, and is used for treatment of infections of the skin, respiratory tract and urinary tract. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin, a semisynthetic derivative and a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linking of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to second and third generation cephalosporins, it is more active against gram-positive and less active against gram-negative organisms. it Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of it, a beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it hydrochloride binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of it, a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it, also known as (g1cnac)3 or tri(N-acetyl-D-glucosamine), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha-hexosamines. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a hexose moiety in which the oxygen atom is replaced by an n-acyl group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by Streptosporangium sibiricum that also exhibits antitumour properties. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyrrolobenzodiazepine, an aminoglycoside antibiotic, a member of phenols and a hemiaminal. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Severely irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make plastics. 
2-Methoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone, also known as MCW or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-benzoquinones. These are benzoquinones where the two C=O groups are attached at the 1- and 4-positions, respectively. 2-Methoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-methoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone can be found in fruits. This makes 2-methoxy-1, 4-benzoquinone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 2-allyl-3, 5, 6-trimethylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Mercury((o-carboxyphenyl)thio)ethyl, sodium salt is a light cream-colored crystalline powder with a slight odor: pH (1% aqueous solution) 6.7. Slight odor. (NTP, 1992) it is an alkylmercury compound (approximately 49% mercury by weight) used as an antiseptic and antifungal agent. It has a role as a disinfectant, an antifungal drug, an antiseptic drug and a drug allergen. It contains an ethylmercurithiosalicylate. it is an organomercurial compound and derivative of thiosalicyclic acid with antibacterial and antifungal properties. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it inhibits sulfhydryl-containing active site of various enzymes and binds to sulfhydryl compounds, such as glutathione, cysteine, and SH groups of proteins. In addition, it activates the InsP3 calcium channel on endoplasmic reticular membrane, thereby triggering the release of calcium from intracellular stores resulting in a calcium-induced calcium-influx of extracellular calcium. Consequently, it may induce or inhibit cellular functions dependent on calcium signaling. 
it appears as a colorless moderately toxic liquid with an acrid odor. Flash point of 70Â°F. Boiling point 278Â°F. Vapors irritate the eyes and respiratory system. Less dense than water. Not soluble in water. Used to make polymers and other chemicals. 
Lissamine flavine FF is an organic sodium salt having 6-amino-2-(4-methylphenyl)-1,3-dioxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-benzo[de]isoquinoline-5-sulfonate as the counterion. It is used as the displacement dye in the yellowsolve I method for fibrin. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a lissamine flavine FF(1-). 
Creamy white crystals or off-white powder. Used as an anti-cancer medicine. it is an alkylating derivative of the pyrimidine nucleobase uracil that is bound to nitrogen mustard, with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and damages DNA by binding to the guanine and cytosine moieties of DNA. This leads to cross-linking of DNA, which inhibits DNA synthesis and promotes cell death in rapidly metabolizing cells, such as cancer cells. 
it is a hydroxynitrile that is phenylacetonitrile substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it appears as light tan to dark gray crystals or brown solid. Melting point 71-72Â°C. it is a dichloroaniline having the two chloro-substituents at the 3- and 4-positions. It has a role as an epitope and a xenobiotic. It derives from a 1,2-dichlorobenzene. 
it is a sulfuric amide and a member of ureas. It has a role as an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is 2-hydroxybenzoic acid (salicylic acid) in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by chlorine. It is a chlorobenzoic acid, a monohydroxybenzoic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-chlorosalicylate. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 1H-benzimidazole which is substituted by a (2R,4S)-4-{[(4-cyanophenyl)carbamoyl]amino}-1-methylpiperidin-2-yl group at position 2. It is a hedgehog signalling pathway inhibitor that acts by binding to Smoothened (SMO) receptors and blocking signal transduction (IC50 = 5 nM). It is used in combination with low-dose cytarabine, for the treatment of newly-diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML) in adult patients (aged >= 75 years), or who have medical conditions that prevent the use of standard chemotherapy. It has a role as a SMO receptor antagonist, a Hedgehog signaling pathway inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of piperidines, a member of phenylureas and a nitrile. it is an orally bioavailable small-molecule inhibitor of the Hedgehog (Hh) signaling pathway with potential antineoplastic activity. it appears to inhibit Hh pathway signaling. The Hh signaling pathway plays an important role in cellular growth, differentiation and repair. Constitutive activation of Hh pathway signaling has been observed in various types of malignancies. 
(S)-it is a it in which the duloxetine moiety has S configuration. It has a role as an antidepressant. It contains a (S)-duloxetine. Duloxetine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of duloxetine, a fluoxetine derivative belonging to the class of selective serotonin (5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE) reuptake inhibitors (SSNRIs) and exhibiting antidepressant activity. Duloxetine selectively prevents the reuptake of 5-HT and NE via transporter complexes on the pre-synaptic membrane, thereby increasing the level of these neurotransmitters within the synaptic cleft. As a result, this agent potentiates serotonergic and noradrenergic activities in the central nervous system, and alleviates depression and neuropathy sensations, such as pain and tingling. Furthermore, duloxetine does not show significant affinity for dopaminergic, adrenergic, cholinergic, histaminergic, opioid, glutamate, and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptors. 
it is a organic sulfate salt obtained from guanethidine and sulfuric acid in a 1:1 ratio. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent. It contains a guanethidine. 
A neurotransmitter analogue that depletes noradrenergic stores in nerve endings and induces a reduction of dopamine levels in the brain. Its mechanism of action is related to the production of cytolytic free-radicals. 
it appears as white or cream to slightly yellow crystals or crystalline powder. Odorless with a bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is an alkaloid found in the roots of Rauwolfia serpentina and R. vomitoria. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a first generation antipsychotic, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a plant metabolite. It is an alkaloid ester, a methyl ester and a yohimban alkaloid. It derives from a reserpic acid. it is an alkaloid, derived from the roots of Rauwolfia serpentine and vomitoria, and an adrenergic uptake inhibitor with antihypertensive effects. it is lipid soluble and can penetrate blood-brain barrier. This agent binds and inhibits catecholamine pump on the storage vesicles in central and peripheral adrenergic neurons, thereby inhibiting the uptake of norepinephrine, dopamine serotonin into presynaptic storage vesicles. This results in catecholamines and serotonin lingering in the cytoplasm where they are destroyed by intraneuronal monoamine oxidase, thereby causing the depletion of catecholamine and serotonin stores in central and peripheral nerve terminals. Depletion results in a lack of active transmitter discharge from nerve endings upon nerve depolarization, and consequently leads to a decreased heart rate and decreased arterial blood pressure as well as sedative effects. 
Alpha-Neu5Ac-(2->3)-beta-D-Gal-(1->4)-beta-D-Glc-(1<->1')-Cer(d18:1/24:1(15Z)) is a sialotriaosylceramide consisting of beta-D-GalNAc-(1->4)-[alpha-Neu5Ac-(2->3)]-beta-D-Gal-(1->4)-beta-D-Glc attached to the primary hydroxy function of ceramide(d18:1/24:1(15Z)). It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a (15Z)-tetracosenoic acid. 
it is the bromide salt of tetramethylammonium. It is a bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a tetramethylammonium. 
it is an optically active phosphonic acid having a 1-aminoethyl group attached to the phosphorus. It is a member of phosphonic acids and a primary amino compound. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-(1-aminoethyl)phosphonic acid. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder. Slightly bitter taste. Aqueous solutions turn brownish-pink upon prolonged exposure to air. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of isoproterenol, a synthetic catechol compound and potent beta adrenergic agonist with peripheral vasodilator, bronchodilator, and cardiac stimulating properties. Isoproterenol exerts its effect on the beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the myocardium, thereby increasing heart rate and cardiac output. In addition, isoproterenol acts on beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar and vascular smooth muscle, thereby causing smooth muscle relaxation. 
it is a dianionic form of glycerone phosphate arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a dihydroxyacetone. It is a conjugate base of a dihydroxyacetone phosphate. 
it is an adrenergic agonist with vasoconstrictive activity. it selectively binds to and activates alpha-1-adrenergic receptors of the arteriolar and venous vasculature. This causes smooth muscle contraction and leads to a decrease in venous pooling and increase in blood pressure. This agent may also stimulate beta-1 adrenergic receptors, leading to positive chronotropic and inotropic effects. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefonicid, a semisynthetic second-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefonicid binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an oral agent used to treat infertility in women desiring pregnancy. it has been linked to a low rate of transient serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and to rare instances of clinically apparent liver injury, which can be severe and even fatal. it is a triphenylethylene nonsteroidal ovulatory stimulant evaluated for antineoplastic activity against breast cancer. it has both estrogenic and anti-estrogenic activities that compete with estrogen for binding at estrogen receptor sites in target tissues. This agent causes the release of the pituitary gonadotropins follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), leading to ovulation. (NCI04) 
it is a tryptamine derivative that consists of serotonin bearing an additional O-nonyl substituent. 5-HT1B selective agonist, several times more potent than sumatriptan and inactive as a 5-HT1A agonist (Ki at 5-HT1B = 1 nM, selectivity over 5-HT1A > 300-fold). It has a role as a serotonergic agonist. It is a member of tryptamines, a primary amino compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a serotonin. It is a conjugate base of a 5-nonyloxytryptaminium(1+). 
Peptidoglycan immunoadjuvant originally isolated from bacterial cell wall fragments; also acts as pyrogen and may cause arthritis; stimulates both humoral and cellular immunity. 
it is a colorless liquid. Specific gravity 1.072. Denser than water, thus sinks in water. Flash point less than 141Â°F. Vapors irritating and narcotic in high concentrations. Used as solvents and as an intermediate for making other chemicals and dyes. 
it, also known as 3-phenoxy-propanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as its. These are aromatic compounds containing a it. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a metal sulfate in which the metal is beryllium (in the +2 oxidation state) and the ratio of beryllium to sulfate is 1:1. It has a role as an allergen. It contains a beryllium(2+). it is a white colored, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic fumes of beryllium oxides and sulfur oxides upon heating. it is mainly used to produce beryllium oxide for high-technology ceramics. Inhalation exposure to its dust and fumes irritates the nose, throat and lungs and can cause pneumonitis. Prolonged exposure can result in a chronic beryllium disease called berylliosis causing granuloma and fibrosis formation in the lungs. Beryllium is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer. (NCI05) 
it is a hydroxy-amino acid that is aspartic acid in which one of the methylene hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a hydroxy-amino acid, an amino dicarboxylic acid, a C4-dicarboxylic acid and an aspartic acid derivative. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an ether, fruity, and powerful taste. 
it is a flavonolignan isolated from Silybum marianum and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activities against lipoxygenase and prostaglandin synthetase. It has a role as a radical scavenger, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, a prostaglandin antagonist and a metabolite. It is a flavonolignan, a member of 1-benzofurans, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
L-threo-3-phenylserine is a L-phenylalanine derivative carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a L-threo-3-phenylserine zwitterion. 
Spectinomycin hydrochloride hydrate is a hydrate that is the pentahydrate form of spectinomycin hydrochloride. An antibiotic that is active against gram-negative bacteria and used to treat gonorrhea. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a hydrate and a hydrochloride. It contains a spectinomycin(2+). Spectinomycin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of spectinomycin, an aminocyclitol antibiotic derived from Streptomyces spectabilis with antibacterial property. Spectinomycin hydrochloride binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide elongation and protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-one substituted by a 2-(diethylamino)ethyl group, 2-fluorophenyl group and chloro group at positions 1, 5 and 7, respectively. It is a partial agonist of GABAA receptors and used for the treatment of insomnia. It has a role as a sedative, an anticonvulsant, a GABAA receptor agonist and an anxiolytic drug. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone, an organochlorine compound, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a tertiary amino compound. it is a member of the benzodiazepines and a long-acting depressor of the central nervous system (CNS) with sedative and hypnotic effects. it binds to a specific site on the benzodiazepine-gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A-chloride ionophore receptor complex located on the neuronal membrane. Binding causes an allosteric modification of the receptor thereby enhancing the affinity of GABA to the receptor leading to an increase in the frequency of chloride-channel opening events, which leads to an increase in chloride ion conductance, neuronal hyperpolarization, inhibition of the action potential, and a decrease in neuronal excitability. By modulating binding of the GABA inhibitory neurotransmitter to GABA-A receptors in the ascending reticular activating system, it blocks arousal of the cortical and limbic system, thereby exerting its sedative and hypnotic effect. 
it is a triterpenoid saponin that is composed of soyasapogenol B having an alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-galactopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranosiduronic acid moiety attached at the 3-position via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a sialyltransferase inhibitor. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a triterpenoid saponin, a trisaccharide derivative and a carbohydrate acid derivative. It derives from a soyasapogenol B. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a substituted piperidinyl benzamide prokinetic agent. it facilitates release of acetylcholine from the myenteric plexus, resulting in increased gastrointestinal motility. In addition, cisapride has been found to act as a serotonin agonist, stimulating type 4 receptors, and a serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. (NCI) 
N,n-dimethyl-n-butylamine appears as a clear liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Ingestion may irritate or burn the mouth, throat, esophagus and stomach. May cause nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. Inhalation of vapors may irritate the respiratory system and cause pulmonary edema. Contact with the skin may cause burns. Eye contact may cause corrosion to the eyes and contact with the vapor may temporarily blur vision. Vapors heavier than air and may travel considerable distance to a source of ignition and flash back. it is a tertiary amine consisting of n-butane having a dimethylamino substituent at the 1-position. 
it is a colorless, odorless gas. It is easily ignited. Once ignited it burns with a pale blue, almost invisible flame. The vapors are lighter than air. It is flammable over a wide range of vapor/air concentrations. it is not toxic but is a simple asphyxiate by the displacement of oxygen in the air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is used to make other chemicals and in oxyhydrogen welding and cutting. it is an elemental molecule consisting of two hydrogens joined by a single bond. It has a role as an antioxidant, an electron donor, a fuel, a human metabolite and a member of food packaging gas. It is an elemental hydrogen, a gas molecular entity and an elemental molecule. 
it is a pyranoindolizinoquinoline that is pyrano[3',4':6,7]indolizino[1,2-b]quinoline which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 14, and by an ethyl group and a hydroxy group at position 4 (the S enantiomer). It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a genotoxin and a plant metabolite. It is a pyranoindolizinoquinoline, a tertiary alcohol, a delta-lactone and a quinoline alkaloid. it is an alkaloid isolated from the Chinese tree Camptotheca acuminata, with antineoplastic activity. During the S phase of the cell cycle, it selectively stabilizes topoisomerase I-DNA covalent complexes, thereby inhibiting religation of topoisomerase I-mediated single-strand DNA breaks and producing potentially lethal double-strand DNA breaks when encountered by the DNA replication machinery. (NCI) 
it is an aryl sulfate that is quinol (hydroquinone) with one of the two hydroxy groups substituted by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydroquinone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, used (generally as the hydrochloride salt) to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. It is also used to prevent urinary tract infections prior to surgery. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a photosensitizing agent and an antitubercular agent. It is a quinolone, a N-arylpiperazine, a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it is a synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone with antibacterial activity. it inhibits DNA gyrase, a type II topoisomerase involved in the induction or relaxation of supercoiling during DNA replication. This inhibition leads to a decrease in DNA synthesis during bacterial replication, resulting in cell growth inhibition and eventually cell lysis. 
it is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid, where the amino acid is L-2-aminoadipic acid (6-oxo-L-norleucine). It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-2-aminoadipate semialdehyde. 
it is a coformycin that is dehydrocoformycin with the hydroxy group at position 2 replaced with a hydrogen. It derives from a dehydrocoformycin. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of levobetaxolol, the S-isomer of the -selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist betaxolol with anti-glaucoma activity and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. When applied topically in the eye, levobetaxolol reduces aqueous humor secretion and lowers the intraocular pressure (IOP). 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of pyroglutamic acid with the amino group of valine. It derives from a 5-oxo-L-proline and a L-valine. It is a conjugate base of a pyroglutamylvalinate. 
it, also known as dihydrosinapate or hdmpa CPD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as 2-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. In humans, it is involved in the valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include 3-methylcrotonyl CoA carboxylase deficiency type I, 2-methyl-3-hydroxybutryl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency, the 3-methylglutaconic aciduria type III pathway, and 3-hydroxyisobutyric acid dehydrogenase deficiency. 
it is the hydrochloride salt from of lidocaine, an aminoethylamide and a prototypical member of the amide class anesthetics. Lidocaine interacts with voltage-gated Na+ channels in the nerve cell membrane and blocks the transient increase in permeability of excitable membranes to Na+. This prevents the generation and conduction of nerve impulses and produces a reversible loss of sensation. it also exhibits class IB antiarrhythmic effects. The agent decreases the flow of sodium ions into myocardial tissue, especially on the Purkinje network, during phase 0 of the action potential, thereby decreasing depolarization, automaticity and excitability. 
it is a peptide vaccine containing an HLA-A*2402-restricted epitope of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) 2 with potential immunostimulatory and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, VEGFR2-169 peptide vaccine may stimulate a cytotoxic T lymphocyte (CTL) response against VEGFR2-expressing tumor cells. VEGFR2, a receptor tyrosine kinase, is overexpressed by a variety of tumor types; overexpression is associated with tumor cell proliferation and tumor angiogenesis. HLA-A*2402 is an MHC class I molecule that presents antigenic peptides to CD8+ T cells; epitope design restricted to epitopes that bind most efficiently to HLA-A*2402 may improve antigenic peptide immunogenicity. 
it appears as white needles with a very pungent odor. Used in taxidermists' preservatives and generally for destroying all lower forms of life. Toxic by inhalation or ingestion. 
it is a semi-synthetic beta-lactamase inhibitor. The beta-lactam ring of it irreversibly binds to beta-lactamase at or near its active site, thereby blocking enzyme activity and preventing metabolism of other beta-lactam antibiotics by the enzyme. Combining this agent with a beta-lactamase susceptible antibiotic, such as penicillins or a cephalosporin, to treat infections caused by beta-lactamase producing organisms, results in a decreased turnover rate of the beta-lactamase sensitive antibiotic and enhances its antibacterial activity. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a pungent odor. Very toxic by inhalation. Prolonged exposure of the containers to fire or heat may result in violent rupturing and rocketing. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-3-all-trans-hexaprenylbenzoate. 
it is a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a member of pyrimidines, a member of pyridines, a member of imidazoles, a secondary amino compound and a secondary carboxamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. it is an orally bioavailable aminopyrimidine-derivative Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. Designed to overcome imatinib resistance, it binds to and stabilizes the inactive conformation of the kinase domain of the Abl protein of the Bcr-Abl fusion protein, resulting in the inhibition of the Bcr-Abl-mediated proliferation of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) cells. This agent also inhibits the receptor tyrosine kinases platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGF-R) and c-kit, a receptor tyrosine kinase mutated and constitutively activated in most gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs). With a binding mode that is energetically more favorable than that of imatinib, it has been shown to have an approximately 20-fold increased potency in kinase and proliferation assays compared to imatinib. 
ATP is an adenosine 5'-phosphate in which the 5'-phosphate is a triphosphate group. It is involved in the transportation of chemical energy during metabolic pathways. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an ATP(3-). it is an adenine nucleotide comprised of three phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety, found in all living cells. it is involved in energy production for metabolic processes and RNA synthesis. In addition, this substance acts as a neurotransmitter. In cancer studies, it is synthesized to examine its use to decrease weight loss and improve muscle strength. 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of 7-sulfamoyl-3,4-dihydro-2H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazine 1,1-dioxide in which the hydrogen at position 6 is substituted by a trifluoromethyl group and that at position 3 is substituted by a benzyl group. It has a role as a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. It is a benzothiadiazine and a sulfonamide. it is a long-acting agent, also known as it, belonging to the class of thiazide diuretics with antihypertensive activity. 
it is a dichlorohydroquinone that is hydroquinone substituted by chloro groups at positions 2 and 6. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. 
it is a member of the class of biguanides that is biguanide in which one of the terminal nitrogen atoms is substituted by a 2-phenylethyl group. It was used as an anti-diabetic drug but was later withdrawn from the market due to potential risk of lactic acidosis. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a biguanide. it is an agent belonging to the biguanide class of antidiabetics with antihyperglycemic activity. it is not used clinically due to the high risk of lactic acidosis that is associated with its use. 
it is an annual or biennial herb native to the Mediterranean region, which has been used for centuries as a food and as a medicinal herb for treatment of liver conditions. it has not been implicated in causing liver injury and is still used widely as a liver tonic in patients with acute and chronic liver diseases. 
it is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound produced by a marine bacterium Alteromonas rava and has been shown to exhibit antibacterial activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antimicrobial agent and a marine metabolite. It is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound, a lactam, an enoate ester, a cyclic ether and a triol. 
it is under investigation for the treatment of Advanced Gastric Adenocarcinoma. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the activity of mTOR, which may result in the induction of tumor cell apoptosis and a decrease in tumor cell proliferation. mTOR, a serine/threonine kinase that is upregulated in a variety of tumors, plays an important role downstream in the PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway. 
it, white, dry or under water or in solution appears as a soft waxy solid with a sharp pungent odor similar to garlic. Insoluble in water and ethyl alcohol. Soluble in carbon disulfide. Shipped as a solid or liquid in an atmosphere of inert gas or as a solid under water. Barely soluble in water and denser than water. Hence, sinks in water. Uses include munitions manufacture, pyrotechnics, explosives, smoke bombs, artificial fertilizers, and rat poisons. Density approximately 15.2 lb / gal. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid anion obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group of it: major species at pH 7.3. It is a hydroxy fatty acid anion and a lipoxin anion. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a lipophilic, nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist with anti-arrhythmic, anti-anginal and antihypertensive activities. it competitively binds to and blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, it prevents the release of renin, a hormone secreted by the kidneys that causes constriction of blood vessels. 
it appears as a solid complex between the cobalt(II) ion and the condensation product of salicylaldehyde and ethylenediamine. Such condensation products are called \ 
it, also known as fema 3435, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, fatty, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as yellow bell pepper, red bell pepper, pepper (c. annuum), and orange bell pepper. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid (or low-melting solid) with a pungent odor. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Flash point 170Â°F. Melting point 61Â°F. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make plastics. it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a methyl group. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a methacrylate. 
it is a highly branched amino nonasaccharide consisting of a D-GlcNAc residue at the reducing end with a beta-D-GlcNAc-(1->2)-alpha-D-Man-(1->3)-[beta-D-GlcNAc-(1->2)-alpha-D-Man-(1->6)]-[beta-D-Xyl-(1->2)]-beta-D-Man-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcNAc moiety attached via a beta-(1->4)-linkage and an L-Fuc residue attached via an alpha-(1->3)-linkage. Found on Cry j 1, the major allergen of Cryptomeria japonica pollen. It has a role as a carbohydrate allergen. It is an oligosaccharide derivative, an amino nonasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is an S-substituted glutathione that is glutathione in which the hydrogen of the thiol has been replaced by a hexyl group (PDB entry: 1PN9). 
it is a quinoxaline derivative in which the quinoxaline (1,4-naphthyridine) skeleton is substituted with a methyl group at each of positions C-2 and C-3. 
Bryostatin 1 is a macrocyclic lactone isolated from the bryozoan Bugula neritina with antineoplastic activity. Bryostatin 1 binds to and inhibits the cell-signaling enzyme protein kinase C, resulting in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, the promotion of tumor cell differentiation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. This agent may act synergistically with other chemotherapeutic agents. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it or thiobenzoic acid S-methyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituent attached to a benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, S-methyl benzenecarbothioate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cabbage, garlic, and potato taste. 
Roxithromycin is a semi-synthetic derivative of the macrolide antibiotic erythromycin that includes an N-oxime side chain on the lactone ring, with antibacterial and anti-malarial activities. Roxithromycin binds to the subunit 50S of the bacterial ribosome, which inhibits bacterial protein synthesis and leads to inhibition of bacterial cell growth and replication. 
it is a metal chloride salt with a Li(+) counterion. It has a role as an antimanic drug. It is an inorganic chloride and a lithium salt. 
it is dianion of alpha-D-ribose 1-phosphate arising from deprotonation of both phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an alpha-D-ribose 1-phosphate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. Thus, hypusine is considered to be a fatty acid lipid molecule. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an aminouracil that is D-ribitol in which the hydroxy group at position 1 is substituted by the 6-amino group of 5,6-diaminouracil. Early intermediate in bacterial riboflavin synthesis. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a hydroxypyrimidine and an aminouracil. It derives from a ribitol. 
it is a primary alcohol comprising phthalimide carrying an N-hydroxymethyl substituent. It is a primary alcohol and a member of phthalimides. It derives from a phthalimide. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Clostridium Difficile Infection. it is an oxazolidinone-type antibiotic, with activity against gram-positive bacteria, including Clostridium difficile. Although the exact mode of action through which it exerts its effect has yet to be fully elucidated, upon administration, this agent inhibits bacterial protein synthesis and leads to bacterial cell death. 
it is a butenolide that is but-2-en-4-olide bearing a 2,4,6-trimethylphenyl group at position 3, a 3,3-dimethylbutyryloxy group at position 4 and a spiro-fused cyclopentyl ring at position 5. It has a role as an insecticide. It derives from a 1,3,5-trimethylbenzene and a 3,3-dimethylbutyric acid. 
it is a primary alcohol that is cinnamyl alcohol substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3' and 4' respectively. It is a dimethoxybenzene and a primary alcohol. It derives from an (E)-cinnamyl alcohol. 
it is an aminoquinoline, a nitrile, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as a protein kinase inhibitor. it is a 3-cyanoquinoline pan-ErbB tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it irreversibly binds covalently to epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFR) ErbB-1, -2 and -4, thereby inhibiting receptor phosphorylation and signal transduction and resulting in apoptosis and suppression of proliferation in tumor cells that overexpress these receptors. 
it is a labdane diterpenoid that is the 1,9-dideoxy derivative of forskolin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a labdane diterpenoid, an acetate ester and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It derives from a forskolin. 
it is an organoammonium salt obtained by combining perindopril with one molar equivalent of L-arginine. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and an antihypertensive agent. It contains a L-argininium(1+) and a perindopril(1-). 
it is a hexasaccharide that is verbascose which has an additional unit of alpha-D-galactopyranose attached by a 1->6 glycosidic linkage to the terminal galactosyl residue. It is a hexasaccharide and a raffinose family oligosaccharide. It derives from a verbascose. 
it, also known as S-methylmethane thiosulfinic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiosulfinic acid esters. These are organic compounds containing an ester of thiosulfinic acid with the general structure RS(=S)OR' (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-methyl methanesulfinothioate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, S-methyl methanesulfinothioate can be found in soft-necked garlic. This makes S-methyl methanesulfinothioate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pentadentate aromatic metallotexaphyrin with photosensitizing properties. it preferentially accumulates in tumor cells due to their increased rates of metabolism and absorbs light, forming an extended high energy conformational state that produces high quantum yields of singlet oxygen, resulting in local cytotoxic effects. (NCI04) 
it is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 2'-monophosphate having uracil as the nucleobase It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 2'-monophosphate and a uridine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a labdane diterpenoid that is labd-14-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 8 and 13. It has been isolated from Salvia sclarea. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an apoptosis inducer, a fragrance, an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. 
L-it, also known as hava-5 CPD or 5-hydroxy-2-aminovalerate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). L-it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, L-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, L-it can be found in pulses. This makes L-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
All-cis-5,8,11,14,17-it is an it having five cis-double bonds at positions 5, 8, 11, 14 and 17. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, an antineoplastic agent, an antidepressant, a Daphnia galeata metabolite, a mouse metabolite, an anticholesteremic drug and a fungal metabolite. It is an it and an omega-3 fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an all-cis-5,8,11,14,17-itaenoate. it is the free fatty acid (FFA) form of it (EPA), a polyunsaturated long-chain fatty acid found in fish oil with a 20-carbon backbone and 5 double bonds, with potential supplementing, anti-inflammatory, anti-thrombotic, immunomodulating, anti-angiogenic and chemopreventive activities. Upon administration of it, the free form of EPA is incorporated in cell membrane phospholipids and replaces arachidonic acid. This inhibits arachidonic acid conversion into thromboxanes and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). Upon oral administration of it, the EPA-FFA prevents and suppresses colonic neoplasia and reduces polyp formation and growth through as of yet not fully elucidated mechanisms. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is 6,6-dimethylbicyclo[3.1.1]hept-2-ene substituted by a carboxy group at position 2. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a bridged compound. It derives from an alpha-pinene. 
it participates in the biosynthesis of fatty acids and sterols, in the oxidation of fatty acids and in the metabolism of many amino acids. It also acts as a biological acetylating agent. 
it is a long-chain alkane that is tridecane substituted by a methyl group at position 2. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a tridecane. 
it, also known as 2-methyl-3-butenoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched fatty acids. These are fatty acids containing a branched chain. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a 1,3-thiazolium cation that is 1,3-thiazol-3-ium substituted by a methyl group at position 4, a (4-amino-2-methylpyrimidin-5-yl)methyl group at position 3, a 3-carboxy-1-hydroxypropyl at position 2 and a 2-{[hydroxy(phosphonooxy)phosphoryl]oxy}ethyl group at position 5. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted by a methoxy group at position 2 and a 1-hydroxyethyl group at position 4 respectively. It is a member of phenols, a member of methoxybenzenes and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
Tetrahydro-5-isopropenyl-2-methyl-2-vinylfuran, also known as 2-ethenyltetrahydro-2-methyl-5-(1-methylethenyl)-furan or 2-methyl-2-vinyl-5-isopropenyltetrahydrofuran, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. Tetrahydro-5-isopropenyl-2-methyl-2-vinylfuran is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, tetrahydro-5-isopropenyl-2-methyl-2-vinylfuran is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Tetrahydro-5-isopropenyl-2-methyl-2-vinylfuran is a green, herbal, and minty tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, coffee and coffee products, fruits, and herbs and spices. This makes tetrahydro-5-isopropenyl-2-methyl-2-vinylfuran a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the gamma-carboxy group of glutamic acid with the amino group of another glutamic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a gamma-Glu-Glu(2-). 
it is a white, crystalline powder, becomes violet on exposure to light. Used as a catalyst in chlorinations and in suntan lamps. (EPA, 1998) it is a thallium molecular entity and an inorganic chloride. 
it is a very long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is heptacosane in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is (3Z)-3-[(2E)-2-methyl-3-(4-nitrophenyl)prop-2-en-1-ylidene]tetrahydrofuran which is substituted by a 6-methoxy-3,5-dimethyl-4-oxo-4H-pyran-2-yl group at position 5. It is isolated from the soil bacterium, Streptomyces thioluteus and exhibits antitumor, antifungal, and insecticidal activities. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antiparasitic agent, a bacterial metabolite and an EC 1.6.5.3 [NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H(+)-translocating)] inhibitor. It is a C-nitro compound, a member of oxolanes, a member of 4-pyranones, an olefinic compound and a ketene acetal. It derives from a deoxyit. 
it, also known as csh-068, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Tetrazol-1-acetic acid appears as a solid or liquid. May be liable to extremely rapid burning or a minor blast effect. Explosive effects largely confined to the package. No projection of fragments of appreciable size or range expected. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid in which the hydroxy group is ortho- to the carboxylic acid group and which has a nitro substituent para- to the phenolic hydroxy group. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid and a member of 4-nitrophenols. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-nitrosalicylate. 
it is a polyene antibiotic obtained from Bacillus subtilis 168 that is active against a broad spectrum of bacteria. It is notoriously unstable. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an enamine, a secondary alcohol, a polyketide, a polyene antibiotic and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a nucleoside found in tRNA that has an additional cyclopentenyl ring added via an NH group to the methyl group of 7-methyl-7-deazaguanosine. The cyclopentenyl ring may carry other substituents. 
it is a pyrroloquinoline that is 1,2,3,3a-tetrahydro-H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]quinolin-4-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3a, a methyl group at position 6 and a phenyl group at position 1. It acts as an inhibitor of ATPase activity of non-muscle myosin II. It has a role as an inhibitor. It is a pyrroloquinoline, a cyclic ketone, a tertiary alcohol and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is an iodoarene that is 2-methylbenzene substituted by an iodo group at position 1. It is a member of toluenes and an iodoarene. 
it is a uridine-based nucleoside-peptide antibiotic which inhibits fungal chitin biosynthesis by inhibiting chitin synthase. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It derives from a uridine. 
An iron-binding protein that was originally characterized as a milk protein. It is widely distributed in secretory fluids and is found in the neutrophilic granules of LEUKOCYTES. The N-terminal part of it possesses a serine protease which functions to inactivate the type III secretion system used by bacteria to export virulence proteins for host cell invasion. 
it is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of formic acid and ethylamine. It contains a formate and an ethylaminium. 
it is a potassium salt in which dihydrogen phosphate(1-) is the counterion. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is a potassium salt and an inorganic phosphate. 
it is an organic sulfide that is the S-adenosyl derivative of L-homocysteine. It has a role as a cofactor, an EC 2.1.1.79 (cyclopropane-fatty-acyl-phospholipid synthase) inhibitor, an EC 2.1.1.72 [site-specific DNA-methyltransferase (adenine-specific)] inhibitor, a fundamental metabolite and an epitope. It is a member of adenosines, an organic sulfide, a homocysteine derivative and a member of homocysteines. It is a conjugate acid of a S-adenosyl-L-homocysteinate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound and sesquiterpene that is spiro[5.5]undec-2-ene which is substituted by a methylidene group at position 11 and by methyl groups at positions 3, 7 and 7. It is a sesquiterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. 
A 21-amino acid peptide produced in a variety of tissues including endothelial and vascular smooth-muscle cells, neurons and astrocytes in the central nervous system, and endometrial cells. It acts as a modulator of vasomotor tone, cell proliferation, and hormone production. (N Eng J Med 1995;333(6):356-63) 
DTDP-alpha-D-glucose is a dTDP-sugar having alpha-D-glucopyranose as the sugar portion. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a dTDP-alpha-D-glucose(2-). 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1-butyl-1H-1,2,4-triazole in which the butyl group is substituted at positions 2, 2, and 3 by hydroxy, 2,4-difluorophenyl, and 4-(p-cyanophenyl)-1,3-thiazol-2-yl groups, respectively (the R,R stereoisomer). It exhibits antifungal activity by inhibition of 14alpha demethylase, an enzyme involved in sterol synthesis, resulting in lysis of the fungal cell wall and fungal cell death. (NCIO4) It has a role as an ergosterol biosynthesis inhibitor, an antifungal drug, an EC 1.14.14.154 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antileishmanial agent. It is a member of triazoles, a member of fluorobenzenes, a tertiary alcohol, a member of 1,3-thiazoles and a nitrile. it is a triazole with antifungal activity. it inhibits 14a demethylase, an enzyme involved in sterol synthesis, resulting in lysis of the fungal cell wall and fungal cell death. (NCI04) 
it is a highly selective Src kinase inhibitor that has demonstrated efficacy in pre-clinical animal models of colon, pancreatic, prostate and breast cancer. It is a substrate-targeted kinase inhibitor. it, belongs to an emerging new family of targeted cancer treatments called protein kinase inhibitors. 
it is the beta-anomer of D-glucose 1-phosphate. It derives from a beta-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04327791 (Combination Therapy With it and Oseltamavir 1 for Hospitalized Patients With Influenza (The COMBO Trial 1)). 
it, also known as fema 2721 or methyl isobutylacetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methyl 4-methylpentanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, methyl 4-methylpentanoate can be found in fruits. This makes methyl 4-methylpentanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the carboxamide derivative of L-proline. It is an amino acid amide, a pyrrolidinecarboxamide and a L-proline derivative. It is a conjugate base of a (2S)-2-carbamoylpyrrolidin-1-ium. 
Sclareol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. Sclareol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, sclareol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Sclareol is a sweet, amber, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as nutmeg, herbs and spices, common thyme, and tea. This makes sclareol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule, bisindolylmaleimide cell cycle inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it and its metabolites inhibit tubulin polymerization, blocking the formation of the mitotic spindle, which may result in cell cycle arrest at the G2/M phase and apoptosis. In addition, this agent has been shown to inhibit the activities of the oncogenic kinase Akt, the mTOR pathway, and importin-beta, a protein essential to the transport of other proteins from the cytosol into the nucleus. 
it is a it that is the dianion obtained by the deprotonation of both the carboxy groups of phthalic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid or a white powder with a strong odor of ammonia. Noncombustible. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used to make other ammonium compounds, in pharmaceuticals, in food processing. 
8-bromo-3',5'-cyclic GMP is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide that is 3',5'-cyclic GMP bearing an additional bromo substituent at position 8 on the guanine ring. A membrane permeable cGMP analogue that activates protein kinase G (PKG). It is 4.3-fold more potent than cGMP in activating PKG1alpha and promotes relaxation of tracheal and vascular smooth muscle tissue in vitro. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and a protein kinase G agonist. It is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide and an organobromine compound. It derives from a 3',5'-cyclic GMP. 
A powerful vasodilator used in emergencies to lower blood pressure or to improve cardiac function. It is also an indicator for free sulfhydryl groups in proteins. 
Iodine I 131 Iodocholesterol is a radioiodine-labeled cholesterol analogue with diagnostic imaging activity upon scintigraphy. Upon administration, iodine I 131 iodocholesterol accumulates in tissues where steroid hormones are produced, including the adrenal glands and, to a lesser extent, the ovaries and the testes. After binding to low-density lipoprotein (LDL) receptors on adrenocortical cells, this agent is internalized. As cholesterol is the precursor for all adrenocortical steroid hormones, areas of hormonal hypersecretion, can be visualized using scintigraphy and the adrenocortical function can be assessed. 
it is a pyrimidinone derivative with anti-allergic activity. it blocks the antigen-mediated calcium ion influx into mast cells. This prevents mast cell degranulation, resulting in mast cell stabilization and inhibition of the release of inflammatory mediators, such as histamine and leukotrienes, which are involved in the allergic process. it also prevents inflammatory mediator release from eosinophils. 
A synthetic peptide that is identical to the 24-amino acid segment at the N-terminal of ADRENOCORTICOTROPIC HORMONE. ACTH (1-24), a segment similar in all species, contains the biological activity that stimulates production of CORTICOSTEROIDS in the ADRENAL CORTEX. 
it is an organochlorine compound comprising trans-cinnamic acid having a chloro substituent at the 4-position on the phenyl ring. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
it is an polyanionic polymer obtained by global deprotonation of the carboxy groups of pectin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a pectin. 
2, 3 Or 10-mercaptopinane, also known as it or pinanyl mercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. 2, 3 Or 10-mercaptopinane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 3 or 10-mercaptopinane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 2, 3 Or 10-mercaptopinane has a grapefruit and sulfurous taste. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid, with a camphor-like odor. Technical product is an amber to yellow semi-solid. Used as an insecticide and an acaricide. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolines that is 1-pyrroline substituted at position 2 by a methyl group. It is an imine and a pyrroline. It is a conjugate base of a 2-methyl-1-pyrrolinium. 
it is a retinoid that consists of benzoic acid substituted at position 4 by a 2-(5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthalen-2-yl)prop-1-en-1-yl group. It is a synthetic retinoid that acts as a selective agonist for the retinoic acid receptors (RAR). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a retinoic acid receptor agonist and a teratogenic agent. It is a member of benzoic acids, a retinoid and a member of naphthalenes. 
Levetiracetam, also known as keppra or ucb L060, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. Levetiracetam is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Levetiracetam has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, levetiracetam is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Levetiracetam is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a spironolactone derivative and aldosterone antagonist with diuretic activity. it, after in vivo metabolization, inhibits aldosterone synthase (steroid 18-hydroxylase), thereby preventing the synthesis of aldosterone in addition to the synthesis of other mineralocorticoids. The blockade of aldosterone synthesis results in increased sodium and water excretion while reducing potassium excretion within the kidney. it has a short half-life and is metabolized completely into active metabolites. 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is the 2,4-dichlorophenyl ester of O-ethyl S-propyl dithiophosphoric acid. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and an insecticide. It is an organic thiophosphate, a dichlorobenzene and an organosulfur compound. It derives from a 2,4-dichlorophenol. 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by a methoxy group at position 7, hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 4' and methyl groups at positions 6 and 8. It has been isolated from Hydrastis canadensis and Eucalyptus species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
Oleic acid, [sodium salt] is a light tan solid with a slight tallow-like odor. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a doubly-charged sulfonatobenzoate consisting of benzoate having a sufonato group at the 4-position. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-sulfobenzoic acid. 
5-[(E)-caffeoyl]shikimic acid is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (E)-caffeic acid with the 5-hydroxy group of shikimic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, a cyclohexenecarboxylic acid, a member of catechols and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a shikimic acid and a trans-caffeic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-[(E)-caffeoyl]shikimate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Solid Tumors, Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, Stage IIIB Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Stage IIIA Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, among others. 
it, also known as 6-acetyl-2-picoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages and coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Meningioma, Acoustic Neuroma, Testicular Lymphoma, Intraocular Lymphoma, and Vestibular Schwannoma, among others. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by pyridin-4-yl and pyrrolidin-1-yl groups, respectively. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of pyrrolidines and a member of pyridines. 
it is a C19-gibberellin, initially identified in Gibberella fujikuroi; it differs from gibberellin A1 in the absence of an OH group at C-7 and the substitution of the methylidene grouping at C-8 by alpha-OH and beta-Me groups (gibbane numberings). It is a C19-gibberellin, a lactone and a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid that is L-ornithine carrying two acetyl substituents at positions N-2 and N-5. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid and a L-ornithine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propanoic acid substituted by a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 3. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a dimethoxybenzene. It derives from a propionic acid. 
CMP-N-acetyl-beta-neuraminate(2-) is also known as CMP-N-Acetyl-b-neuraminic acid or Cytidine monophosphate N-acetylneuraminic acid. CMP-N-acetyl-beta-neuraminate(2-) is considered to be soluble (in water) and acidic. 
it is a potassium salt having sorbate as the counterion. It has a role as an antimicrobial food preservative. It contains an (E,E)-sorbate. 
it is a tetracenomycin that is 1-methyl-11-oxo-6,11-dihydrotetracene-2-carboxylic acid bearing four hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 8, 10 and 12. It is a tetracenomycin, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of condensed ureas that is the compound formed by the condensation of two molecules of urea; the parent compound of the it group of compounds. Used as a non-protein nitrogen source in ruminant feed. 
it is a tryptamine derivative having two N-methyl substituents on the side-chain. It is a tryptamine alkaloid and a member of tryptamines. It derives from a tryptamine. 
it is a linear-fused organic heterotetracyclic compound consisting of a [1,3,2]dioxaphosphinane fused to a pyran-4-one ring which is in turn fused to a pteridine ring system. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an oxacycle and an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of nucleotide-(amino alcohol)s. It is a conjugate acid of a it and a it(1-). Citicoline is a nutritional supplement and source of choline and cytidine with potential neuroprotective and nootropic activity. Citicoline, also known as cytidine-5-diphosphocholine or it, is hydrolyzed into cytidine and choline in the intestine. Following absorption, both cytidine and choline are dispersed, utilized in various biosynthesis pathways, and cross the blood-brain barrier for resynthesis into citicoline in the brain, which is the rate-limiting product in the synthesis of phosphatidylcholine. This agent also increases acetylcholine (Ach), norepinephrine (NE) and dopamine levels in the central nervous system (CNS). In addition, citicoline is involved in the preservation of sphingomyelin and cardiolipin and the restoration of Na+/K+-ATPase activity. Citicoline also increases glutathione synthesis and glutathione reductase activity, and exerts antiapoptotic effects. 
it is a limonoid, an epoxide, a hexacyclic triterpenoid, a member of furans, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a lactone. It has a role as a metabolite, an inhibitor and a volatile oil component. 
it is an aspartic acid derivative having a 3-methyl substituent. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and an amino dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a threo-3-methyl-L-aspartate(1-). 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound and 19-membered macrocyclic lactam antibiotic originally isolated from the Ethiopian shrub Maytenus serrata but also found in other Maytenus species. It exhibits cytotoxicity against many tumour cell lines. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a tubulin modulator and an antimitotic. It is an epoxide, a carbamate ester, an organochlorine compound, an alpha-amino acid ester, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a maytansinoid. it is an ansamycin antibiotic originally isolated from the Ethiopian shrub Maytenus serrata. it binds to tubulin at the rhizoxin binding site, thereby inhibiting microtubule assembly, inducing microtubule disassembly, and disrupting mitosis. it exhibits cytotoxicity against many tumor cell lines and may inhibit tumor growth in vivo. (NCI04) 
it is a colorless brown, waxy or white crystalline solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. It is used as a pesticide. It is added to water to create a water emulsifiable liquid. It is toxic by inhalation, skin absorption, and/or ingestion. It is heavier than and insoluble in water. In case of damage to, leaking from containers of this material contact CHEMTREC, 800-424-9300. it is a member of the class of benzotriazines that is 1,2,3-benzotriazine substituted by an oxo group at position 4 and a [(dimethoxyphosphorothioyl)sulfanyl]methyl group at position 3. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and a member of benzotriazines. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2,3-benzotriazine. 
it is a hydrochloride salt form of valganciclovir, a prodrug form of ganciclovir, a nucleoside analog of 2'-deoxyguanosine, with antiviral activity. After phosphorylation, valganciclovir is incorporated into DNA, resulting in inhibition of viral DNA polymerase, and viral replication. 
it is an organic sulfate salt obtained by combining vorapaxar with one molar equivalent of sulfuric acid. A protease-activated receptor-1 antagonist used for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI) or with peripheral arterial disease. It has been shown to reduce the rate of a combined endpoint of cardiovascular death, MI, stroke and urgent coronary revascularisation. It has a role as a cardiovascular drug, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a protease-activated receptor-1 antagonist. It contains a vorapaxar(1+). 
Amantadine hydrochloride is a hydrochloride obtained by combining amantadine and hydrochloric acid in equimolar amounts. It has a role as a dopamine agonist, a NMDA receptor antagonist and an antiviral agent. It contains an adamantan-1-aminium. 
it is the mixed (methyl, ethyl) diester of 4-(2,3-dichlorophenyl)-2,6-dimethyl-1,4-dihydropyridine-3,5-dicarboxylic acid. A calcium-channel blocker, it lowers blood pressure by reducing peripheral vascular resistance through a highly selective action on smooth muscle in arteriolar resistance vessels. It is used in the management of hypertension and angina pectoris. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker, an antihypertensive agent, a vasodilator agent and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a dihydropyridine, a dichlorobenzene, an ethyl ester and a methyl ester. it is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocking agent. it inhibits the influx of extracellular calcium ions into myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cells, causing dilatation of the main coronary and systemic arteries and decreasing myocardial contractility. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in some multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
it is a dipeptide composed of two L-glutamic acid units joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid. 
it is a five-membered cyclic dicarboximide compound having a bromo substituent on the nitrogen atom. It has a role as a reagent. It is a dicarboximide, a pyrrolidinone and an organobromine compound. It derives from a succinimide. 
it is a pyrroloquinoxaline that is pyrrolo[1,2-a]quinoxaline bearing additional 4-methylpiperazin-1-yl and trifluoromethyl substituents at positions 4 and 7 respectively. A 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1B (5-HT1B) full agonist, 10-fold selective over 5-HT1A and 1000-fold selective over 5-HT2C receptors. Centrally active following systemic administration. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist. It is a N-arylpiperazine, an organofluorine compound and a pyrroloquinoxaline. 
it is a phenothiazine derivative in which the phenothiazine tricycle has a dimethylaminosulfonyl substituent at the 2-position and a 3-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)propyl group at N-10. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. It is a member of phenothiazines, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-methylpiperazine and a sulfonamide. 
(Z)-3-it is a gamma-lactone that is phthalide substituted by a butylidene group at position 3. Isolated from Ligusticum porteri, it exhibits hypoglycemic activity. It has a role as a metabolite, a hypoglycemic agent and an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor. It is a member of 2-benzofurans and a gamma-lactone. It derives from a 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one. 
it is a small molecule kinase inhibitor with antitumour activity. It works by inhibiting fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFRs), which are receptor tyrosine kinases that activate signalling pathways in tumour cells. FGFRs gained attention as potential therapeutic targets in selected cancers, as FGFR gene alterations were observed in a wide variety of cancers including those of the urinary bladder, breast, ovary, prostate, endometrium, lung, and stomach. Deregulated FGFR signalling pathway can lead the development of oncogenes and tumour-promoting physiological processes, such as cancer cell proliferation, enhanced angiogenesis, and evasion of cell death.  In April 2020, it was approved by the FDA for the treatment of unresectable locally advanced or metastatic cholangiocarcinoma in previously treated adult patients with a fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2) gene fusion or other rearrangements as detected by an FDA-approved test. Cholangiocarcinoma is the most common primary malignancy affecting the biliary tract and the second most common primary hepatic malignancy. This malignancy accounts for 15% to 20% of primary hepatobiliary malignancies, which account for 13% of overall cancer-related global mortality. With increasing research on the pathogenesis of cholangiocarcinoma and potential therapeutic targets for anticancer drug treatment, recent studies show that up to 45% of patients with intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma exhibited gene rearrangements resulting in oncogenic fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGFR2) fusion proteins. The FDA-approved indication for it was granted under accelerated approval based on the overall response rate and duration of response in pre-marketing clinical trials. it is marketed under the brand name Pemazyre, and it is available as oral tablets. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) types 1, 2, and 3 (FGFR1/2/3), with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits FGFR1/2/3, which may result in the inhibition of FGFR1/2/3-related signal transduction pathways. This inhibits proliferation in FGFR1/2/3-overexpressing tumor cells. FGFR, a family of receptor tyrosine kinases upregulated in many tumor cell types, plays a key role in cellular proliferation, migration, and survival. 
it is an oxalate salt resulting from the formal reaction of equimolar amounts of thiocyclam and oxalic acid. A nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist, it was used as a broad-spectrum insecticide. It is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an agrochemical, a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist and an insecticide. It contains a thiocyclam(1+) and an oxalate(1-). 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-glutamine with the amino group of L-leucine. It derives from a L-glutamine and a L-leucine. 
A benzisoxazole derivative and active metabolite of RISPERIDONE that functions as a DOPAMINE D2 RECEPTOR ANTAGONIST and SEROTONIN 5-HT2 RECEPTOR ANTAGONIST. It is an ANTIPSYCHOTIC AGENT used in the treatment of SCHIZOPHRENIA. 
it is a benzochromenone that is alternariol in which the hydroxy group at position 9 has been converted into the corresponding methyl ether. A natural product found in Chaetomium globosum. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a fungal metabolite. It is a benzochromenone and an aromatic ether. It derives from an alternariol. 
A complex of polyene antibiotics obtained from Streptomyces itensis. it III alters membrane function by interfering with membrane sterols, inhibits mitochondrial respiration, and is proposed as an antifungal agent. its I, II, and IV are less important. 
it is a p-menthane monoterpenoid that is p-menthane substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
N(6),N(6),N(6)-trimethyl-L-lysine is an alpha-amino-acid cation that is the N(6)-trimethyl derivative of L-lysine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tautomer of a N(6),N(6),N(6)-trimethyl-L-lysine zwitterion. 
Chlorinated analog of AMPHETAMINE. Potent neurotoxin that causes release and eventually depletion of serotonin in the CNS. It is used as a research tool. 
Safranin O is an organic chloride salt having 3,7-diamino-5-phenylphenazin-5-ium as the counterion. It is commonly used for staining Gram negative bacteria red in smears to contrast with the blue Gram positive organisms. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye and a photosensitizing agent. It contains a 3,7-diamino-5-phenylphenazin-5-ium. 
Yellowish to colorless solid. Soluble in organic solvents. Used as an herbicide. it is an aromatic ether that is 2-hydroxypropanoic acid in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been converted to its 2,4-dichlorophenyl ether. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an aromatic ether and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is an epithilone that is epothilone C in which the double bond in the macrocyclic lactone ring has been oxidised to the corresponding epoxide (the 13R,14S diastereoisomer). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tubulin modulator, a metabolite and a microtubule-stabilising agent. It is an epoxide and an epothilone. 
it is an X-rhodamine compound having a carboxy substituent at the 5-position. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It derives from a hydride of a 2,3,6,7,12,13,16,17-octahydropyrido[3,2,1-ij]quinolizino[1',9':6,7,8]chromeno[2,3-f]quinolin-18-ium. 
A deoxyribonucleotide polymer that is the primary genetic material of all cells. Eukaryotic and prokaryotic organisms normally contain DNA in a double-stranded state, yet several important biological processes transiently involve single-stranded regions. DNA, which consists of a polysugar-phosphate backbone possessing projections of purines (adenine and guanine) and pyrimidines (thymine and cytosine), forms a double helix that is held together by hydrogen bonds between these purines and pyrimidines (adenine to thymine and guanine to cytosine). 
it is a 2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid that has R configuration. It is the active enantiomer of the herbicide fluazifop and is the major metabolite of it-butyl. It has a role as an agrochemical, an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor and a phenoxy herbicide. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-fluazifop. 
it is a 4-hydroxy-L-glutamic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an erythro-4-hydroxy-L-glutamate(1-). 
it appears as a yellow crystalline solid that is shipped in sealed containers. Strongly irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
(1E,4S,5E,7R)-germacra-1(10),5-dien-11-ol is a germacrane sesquiterpenoid obtained from germacrane by hydroxylation at C(11) together with dehydrogenation across the C(1)-C(10) and C(5)-C(6) bonds. It is a germacrane sesquiterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt having tungstate as the counterion. Combines with hydrogen peroxide for the oxidation of secondary amines to nitrones. It has a role as a reagent. It contains a tungstate. 
it is a 3beta-sterol that is cholesterol substituted at position 7 by an amino group. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is a cholestanoid, a 3beta-sterol, a primary amino compound and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is one of three isomeric monoterpenes differing in the positions of their two double bonds (alpha- and gamma-terpinene being the others). In it the double bonds are at the 1(7)- and 3-positions of the p-menthane skeleton. it has no known natural source. 
it is a member of the class of anthracenes that is 9,10-dihydroanthracene carrying an oxo group at C-9. It has a role as a radical scavenger. It is a tautomer of a 9-anthrol. 
it is a tetracyclic antibacterial agent derived from neomycin, being a glycoside ester of neamine and neobiosamine C. It is a conjugate base of a it(6+). it is one of the two major active isomeric components of the itomplex. it is approximately half as active as neomycin B. 
it is the chloride salt of tetramethylit. Used as a red-orange fluorescent dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a tetramethylit. 
it is a coenzyme containing pantothenic acid, adenosine 3-phosphate 5-pyrophosphate, and cysteamine; involved in the transfer of acyl groups, notably in transacetylations. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an almond-like odor. Flash point 161Â°F. Denser (at 8.4 lb / gal) than water and slightly soluble in water. Used as a specialty solvent and to make other chemicals. it is a nitrile that is hydrogen cyanide in which the hydrogen has been replaced by a phenyl group. It is a member of benzenes and a nitrile. 
it is an aromatic ketone in which the ketone carbonyl group is attached to a (1R,2R,4aS,7S,8aR)-4,7-dimethyl-1-[(1E)-prop-1-en-1-yl]-1,2,4a,5,6,7,8,8a-octahydronaphthalen-2-yl group and a 4-hydroxy-5-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-2-oxo-1,2-dihydropyridin-3-yl group. Isolated from the from the \ 
it is an isothiazole derivative of 5-amino-3-methylisothiazolocarboxylic acid I with antiviral activity against human herpes simplex viruse types 1 and 2, and varicella zoster virus. 
it is an extended flavonoid resulting from the formal fusion of a benzene ring with the f side of flavone. It has a role as an aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist. It is an extended flavonoid, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a naphtho-gamma-pyrone. 
it appears as a brown liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. May irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of serine. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a serine. 
it is a D-glucoside that is derived by formal reaction of the primary hydroxy group of sphingosine at the anomeric position of D-glucose. It derives from a sphingosine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an aminoglycoside that is 2-deoxystreptamine that is substituted on the oxygen at position 4 by an (8R)-2-amino-8-O-(4-amino-4-deoxy-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl)-2,3,7-trideoxy-7-(methylamino)-D-glycero-alpha-D-allo-octodialdo-1,5:8,4-dipyranos-1-yl) group. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a 2-deoxystreptamine derivative, an organic heterobicyclic compound and an aminoglycoside. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Flash point near 89Â°F. Less dense than water. Contact irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Prolonged exposure to vapors may cause coughing, shortness of breath, dizziness and intoxication. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and as an antifreeze agent. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a semisynthetic heparin-like glucosaminoglycan. Although its mechanism of action is unknown, it may act as a buffer to control cell permeability by preventing irritating solutes from reaching cells coated with it. Administered orally, excreted it adheres to the urinary bladder wall, preventing irritants from entering bladder cells and the development or progression of interstitial cystitis (IC), a complication of some chemotherapies. This agent also exhibits anticoagulant and fibrinolytic properties. (NCI04) 
it is a hydrochloride that is the dihydrochloride of 4,4'-[1,3-phenylenebis(diazene-2,1-diyl)]di(benzene-1,3-diamine). it is a metachromatic dye which stains acid mucins yellow. It is also a constituent of Papanicolaou's EA solutions, used for cervical, and other smears. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome and an allergen. It contains a it. 
it is an L-phenylalanine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-phenylalanine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-phenylalanine derivative. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is glycine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a carboxymethyl group. It has a role as a chelator. It is a glycine derivative, an amino dicarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of an iminodiacetate. 
it, also known as adchr, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indoles and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an indole, which is a bicyclic ring system made up of a six-membered benzene ring fused to a five-membered nitrogen-containing pyrrole ring. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is a monothiocarbamic ester that is carbamothioic S-acid substituted by two propyl groups at the nitrogen atom and a benzyl group at the the sulfur atom. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. It is a member of benzenes and a monothiocarbamic ester. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is testosterone which is substituted by a hydroxy group at positions 19. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 19-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a testosterone. 
Bromocriptine methanesulfonate is a methanesulfonate salt. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug. It contains a bromocriptine. it is the mesylate salt of bromocriptine, a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid with dopaminergic, antidyskinetic, and antiprolactinemic activities. Bromocriptine selectively binds to and activates postsynaptic dopamine D2 receptors in the corpus striatum of the central nervous system (CNS). Activation of these D2 receptors activate inhibitory G-proteins, which inhibit adenylyl cyclase, preventing signal transduction mediated via cAMP and resulting in the inhibition of neurotransmission and an antidyskinetic effect. This agent also stimulates dopamine D2 receptors in the anterior pituitary gland, which results in the inhibition of prolactin secretion and lactation and may inhibit the proliferation of prolactin-dependent breast cancer cells. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a nafcillin(1-). it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of the sodium salt of nafcillin, a narrow-spectrum beta-lactamase-resistant penicillin with antibacterial activity. Nafcillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
N-tetradecanoylsphingosine is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as tetradecanoyl (myristoyl). It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 
it is a catechol that is the 3,4-dihydroxy derivative of mandelic acid; a metabolite of L-dopa. It has a role as an antioxidant, a drug metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of catechols. It derives from a mandelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is an organic disulfide that results from the formal oxidative dimerisation of benzyl thiol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an organic disulfide and an organic aromatic compound. 
it is a member of the class of 1,2,4-triazines that is 1,2,4-triazin-5(4H)-one substituted by an amino group at position 4, a methyl group at position 3 and a phenyl group at position 6. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. 
N-it is a sulfonamide compound having a 4-acetamidophenyl group attached to the sulfur atom and a 1,2-oxazol-3-yl group attached to the nitrogen atom. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a member of isoxazoles and a sulfonamide. It derives from a sulfamethoxazole and a sulfanilamide. 
it is a meroterpenoid isolated from the marine sponge Acanthodendrilla sp. It exhibits inhibitory activity against the enzyme mitogen-activated protein kinase-activated protein kinase 2 (EC 2.7.11.1). It has a role as a metabolite and a protein kinase inhibitor. It is a meroterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that consists of a 2,3,3a,8b-tetrahydro-H-benzo[b]cyclopenta[d]furan framework substituted by hydroxy groups at positions C-1 and C-8b, a methoxycarbonyl group at C-2, a phenyl group at C-3, a 4-methoxyphenyl group at C-3a, a methoxy group at C-8 and a 1,4-dioxan-2-yloxy group at position C-6 which in turn is substituted by a methoxy group at position 3 and a 1,2-dihydroxyethyl group at position 6. Isolated from Aglaia silvestris, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a member of dioxanes, an ether and a methyl ester. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of deferoxamine, an iron chelating agent. Deferoxamine chelates iron from intra-lysosomal ferritin and hemosiderin forming ferrioxamine, a water-soluble chelate excreted by the kidneys and in the feces via the bile. This agent does not readily bind iron from transferrin, hemoglobin, myoglobin or cytochrome. (NCI) 
it is a gadolinium coordination entity consisting of DOTA in which the four amino groups are bound to a central gadolinium atom. It is used (as its meglumine salt) in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues of patients ages 2 years and older, to detect and visualise areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier and/or abnormal vascularity of the central nervous system. It has a role as a MRI contrast agent. It is a conjugate acid of a gadoterate. 
it, also known as aldehyde mna or fema 2749, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid that is myristic acid in which one of the methylene hydrogens at position 13 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 13-hydroxytetradecanoate. 
it is an isocyanide that is the 4-acetamido-4,6-dideoxy-beta-L-galactopyranoside of p-[(E)-2-isocyanovinyl]phenol. Produced by the gram-negative insect pathogens, Xenorhabdus nematophila and Photorhabdus luminescens, it is a potent nanomolar-level inhibitor of phenoloxidase, a key component of the insect's innate immune system. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is an isocyanide, a member of acetamides and an olefinic compound. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides that is benzamide substituted by chloro groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a herbicide and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of benzamides. 
it is an organic chloride salt and a xanthene dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it(1+). 
Anavar is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it appears as white prismatic needles (from acetone) or white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a cyclic nonribosomal peptide of eleven amino acids; an immunosuppressant drug widely used in post-allogeneic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system, and therefore the risk of organ rejection. Also causes reversible inhibition of immunocompetent lymphocytes in the G0- and G1-phase of the cell cycle. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antirheumatic drug, a dermatologic drug, an immunosuppressive agent, a metabolite, a carcinogenic agent, an anti-asthmatic drug, an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. Cyclosporine is a natural cyclic polypeptide immunosuppressant isolated from the fungus Beauveria nivea. The exact mechanism of action of cyclosporine is not known but may involve binding to the cellular protein cytophilin, resulting in inhibition of the enzyme calcineurin. This agent appears to specifically and reversibly inhibit immunocompetent lymphocytes in the G0-or G1-phase of the cell cycle. T-lymphocytes are preferentially inhibited with T-helper cells as the primary target. Cyclosporine also inhibits lymphokine production and release. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the beta carbon atom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of exportin-1 (XPO1; chromosome region maintenance 1 protein homolog; CRM1), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to the XPO1 cargo binding site, which prevents the XPO1-mediated nuclear export of cargo proteins such as tumor suppressor proteins (TSPs), including p53, p73, BRCA1/2, pRB, FOXO, and other growth regulatory proteins and leads to their selective accumulation in the nuclei of tumor cells. As a selective inhibitor of nuclear export (SINE), it restores the nuclear localization and function of tumor suppressing proteins which leads to the induction of apoptosis in tumor cells. XPO1, the major export factor that transports proteins from the nucleus to the cytoplasm, is overexpressed in a variety of cancer cell types while minimally expressed in normal, healthy cells. The export of tumor suppressor proteins into the cytoplasm prevents them from initiating apoptosis and leads to uncontrolled tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a monochlorobenzoic acid carrying a chloro substituent at position 4. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-chlorobenzoate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Malignant Solid Tumors. PI3Ka/mTOR Inhibitor it is a second generation, small-molecule mimetic of ATP that targets the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits mTOR and phosphoinositide-3-kinase (PI3K) alpha. By inhibiting the PI3K/mTOR signaling pathway, this agent may inhibit tumor cell proliferation and survival. 
it is a hydroxybenzo[c]phenanthrene that is benzo[c]phenanthrene in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. A metabolite of benzo[c]phenanthrene and a weak xenoestrogen. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a xenoestrogen. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 5-amino-9-(diethylamino)benzo[a]phenoxazin-7-ium as the couterion. fluorescent dye which is also a potent photosensitiser for photodynamic therapy. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a nile blue(1+). 
it, also known as bryonolate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic alcohols and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aliphatic ring substituted with at least one hydroxyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, bryonolic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, bryonolic acid can be found in a number of food items such as olive, calabash, watermelon, and fruits. This makes bryonolic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
N-(indole-3-acetyl)valine is an indoleacetic acid amide conjugate obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of indole-3-acetic acid with the amino group of valine. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an indoleacetic acid amide conjugate and a valine derivative. It derives from an indole-3-acetic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6, 6a-secoaporphines. These are alkaloids with a structure that contains an aminoethylphenanthrene moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a (2S)-2-methylacyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (2S)-2-methylbutanoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 2-methylbutanoyl-CoA and a (2S)-2-methylacyl-CoA. It derives from a (S)-2-methylbutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is an imidazolyl carboxylic acid that is 1H-imidazole with methyl and carboxylic acid group substituents at positions 1 and 2 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
Quinidine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of quinidine, an alkaloid with antimalarial and antiarrhythmic (Class la) properties. Quinidine sulfate exerts its anti-malarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the hemepolymer (hemozoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. Quinidine sulfate exerts its antiarrhythmic effects by depressing the flow of sodium ions into cells during phase 0 of the cardiac action potential, thereby slowing the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node, reducing the rate of phase 0 depolarization and prolonging the refractory period. Quinidine sulfate also reduces the slope of phase 4 depolarization in Purkinje-fibres resulting in slowed conduction and reduced automaticity in the heart. 
it is a single-stranded DNA oligonucleotide composed of five deoxythymidylic acid residues connected by 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages and terminated by 3'- and 5'-phosphate groups. 
it, also known as it or gly-ile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. 
it is a diterpenoid that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydrophenanthro[3,2-b]furan-7,11-dione substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 4 and methyl groups at positions 4 and 8 respectively. Isolated from Salvia miltiorrhiza, it exhibits platelet aggregation inhibitory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a cyclic ether, a primary alcohol, a diterpenoid and a member of p-quinones. 
it, also known as it or benzylpropylcarbinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a N-glycosyl-1,2,4-triazine that is the 6-aza analogue of thymidine. It has a role as an antiviral agent and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a N-glycosyl-1,2,4-triazine and a nucleoside analogue. It derives from a 6-azathymine. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of succinic semialdehyde with ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aldehyde and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a succinic semialdehyde and an ethanol. 
it is a steroid ester that is 5alpha-androstane substituted by an acetoxy group at position 17. It is a steroid ester, an androstanoid and an acetate ester. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. 
1, 1-Dimethoxynonane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. 1, 1-Dimethoxynonane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 1-dimethoxynonane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 1-Dimethoxynonane has a citrus, floral, and fresh taste. 
it is a diterpenoid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound, a cyclic ether, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol and an olefinic compound. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an atidane. 
it, also known as Î´-hexanolactone or epsilon-caprolactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, Delta-hexanolactone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a polyketide obtained by hydrolysis of the pyranone ring of monacolin J. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a polyketide, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of hexahydronaphthalenes. It derives from a monacolin J. It is a conjugate acid of a monacolin J carboxylate. 
The principal sterol of all higher animals, distributed in body tissues, especially the brain and spinal cord, and in animal fats and oils. 
it is a phytochelatin that is a heptapeptide consisting of 3 units of gamma-Glu-Cys, with a glycyl unit at the C-terminus. It is a phytochelatin and an oligopeptide. 
it, a chemical element, is a hard, high-melting (refractory) high-density dark gray metal or black powder. Insoluble in water. Used to make structural alloys; used as a catalyst. it dust and fumes can irritate the eyes and respiratory tract. it atom is a chromium group element atom. It has a role as a micronutrient. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 42, and atomic weight 95.94. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is benzimidalole which is substituted at position 2 by a (methoxycarbonyl)amino group and at position 5 by a 2-thienoyl group. It is an antineoplastic agent that exerts its effect by depolymerising microtubules. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tubulin modulator, an antimitotic and a microtubule-destabilising agent. It is a member of thiophenes, a member of benzimidazoles, a carbamate ester and an aromatic ketone. it is a synthetic tubulin-binding agent with antineoplastic activity. it binds to beta-tubulin and disrupts microtubule assembly/disassembly dynamics. This prevents mitosis and induces apoptosis in tumor cells. Although it binding site overlaps with that of colchicine, the two agents are structurally quite different. 
it is a dipeptide formed from glycine residues. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a glycine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as oleoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol and a 1,2-dioleoylglycerol. It is an enantiomer of a 2,3-dioleoyl-sn-glycerol. 
it is an organobromine compound comprising 2'-deoxyguanosine having a bromo substituent at position 8 of the guanine ring system. It is an organobromine compound and a member of guanosines. 
it is a clear slightly yellow liquid. Boiling point 175-177Â°C. Can reasonably be anticipated to be a carcinogen. Used as a gasoline and lubricant additive and as an antioxidant and stabilizer in plastics. it is a nitrosamine that is N-ethylethanamine substituted by a nitroso group at the N-atom. It has a role as a mutagen, a hepatotoxic agent and a carcinogenic agent. it is a synthetic light-sensitive, volatile, clear yellow oil that is soluble in water, lipids, and other organic solvents. It is used as gasoline and lubricant additive, antioxidant, and stabilizer for industry materials. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides. it affects DNA integrity, probably by alkylation, and is used in experimental research to induce liver tumorigenesis. It is considered to be reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
C.i. solvent yellow 34 appears as yellow crystalline powder or yellow needles. it O free base is a member of the class of imines that is benzophenone imine carrying two dimethylamino substituents at positions 4 and 4'. The hydrochloride salt is the biological stain 'it O' It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an imine, a tertiary amino compound and a substituted aniline. It is a conjugate base of an it O(1+). 
Levomilnacipran is a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor used to treat major depressive disorders. Levomilnacipran is an enantiomer of milnacipran, which is used to treat fibromyalgia. Levomilnacipran and milnacipran have been associated with a low rate of transient elevations in serum aminotransferase levels during treatment and with rare instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a UDP-N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanyl-D-glutamate in which the muramoyl fragment has alpha-configuration at its anomeric centre It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-muramoyl-L-alanyl-D-glutamate(4-). 
it is a pyridinecarboxamide that is nicotinamide in which one of the amide hydrogens is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a nicotinamide. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of nalbuphine, a synthetic phenanthrene opioid with opiate agonist and antagonist effects, used to treat moderate to severe pain and provide preoperative and postoperative analgesia and sedation. it binds to kappa-, mu- and delta-opioid receptors but not to sigma-opioid receptors. This opioid exerts its analgesic actions primarily through kappa-opioid-receptor agonism and partially through mu-opioid receptor agonism. 
it is a cephalosporin with ({1-[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]-1H-tetrazol-5-yl}sulfanyl)methyl and (2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)acetamido substituents at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. A third generation beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic, it is active against a broad spectrum of both Gram positive and Gram negative bacteria. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin, a semisynthetic derivative and a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen. it is a third-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
Succinyl-CoA, also known as CoA S-succinate or suc-CO-a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Succinyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Succinyl-CoA has been found in human testicle and muscle tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, succinyl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. Acetoacetic acid and succinyl-CoA can be converted into succinic acid through the action of the enzyme succinyl-coa:3-ketoacid coenzyme A transferase 1, mitochondrial. In humans, succinyl-CoA is involved in the porphyrin metabolism pathway, the threonine and 2-oxobutanoate degradation pathway, the ketone body metabolism pathway, and the oncogenic action OF fumarate pathway. Succinyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include fumarase deficiency, the sarcosinemia pathway, the maple syrup urine disease pathway, and the 3-methylglutaconic aciduria type I pathway. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-diacylglycerols. These are diacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at positions 1 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a furan carrying an acetyl substituent at the 2-position. Used in the production of the antibiotic cefuroxime (CHEBI:3515). It is a member of furans, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is an oxysterol that is cholesterol which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 7alpha and 26 positions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 26-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, an oxysterol, a triol and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. 
1-O-all-trans-retinoyl-beta-glucuronic acid is a retinoid that is retinoic acid in which the carboxy proton has been replaced by a beta-D-glucuronyl residue. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of glucuronic acids and a retinoid. It derives from an all-trans-retinoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-O-(all-trans-retinoyl)-beta-D-glucuronate. 
it appears as white crystalline solid or white powder with a slight odor. Melting point 175Â°C. Moderately toxic by ingestion. Used as an herbicide. it is a member of the class of phhenylureas that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a p-chlorophenyl group while the other is substituted by two methyl groups. It has a role as a herbicide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. 
it, also known as tomentosate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an aldoxime resulting from the formal condensation of the aldehyde moiety of phenylacetaldehyde with hydroxylamine. It derives from a phenylacetaldehyde. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is canthin-6-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 10. Isolated from Simaba multiflora, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an indole alkaloid and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It derives from a canthin-6-one. 
Ethylene glycol phenyl ether is a colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Density 1.02 g / cm3. An irritant. it is an aromatic ether that is phenol substituted on oxygen by a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as an antiinfective agent and a central nervous system depressant. It is a hydroxyether, a primary alcohol and an aromatic ether. It derives from a phenol. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of pirlimycin, a derivative of clindamycin with a 6-membered ring replacing clindamycin's 5-membered ring. Compared to clindimycin, pirlimycin has increased activity against gram-positive bacteria, including Staphylococcus aureus and coagulase negative species of Staphylococcus and Streptococcus. This agent is primarily used in the treatment of mastitis in cattle. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of ADHD, Neuralgia, Diabetic, Diabetic Neuropathies, Diabetic Polyneuropathy, and Diabetic Neuropathic Pain, among others. 
it is an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (9Z,12R)-12-hydroxyoctadec-9-enoic (ricinoleic) acid. It is a hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA, a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA and an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a ricinoleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
1, 1-Dimethoxydecane, also known as it or fema 2363, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. 1, 1-Dimethoxydecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 1-dimethoxydecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 1-Dimethoxydecane has a citrus, green, and herbal taste. 
it is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with [(1-methyl-1H-tetrazol-5-yl)sulfanyl]methyl and (R)-2-{[(4-hydroxy-6-methylpyridin-3-yl)carbonyl]amino}-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetamido groups at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. It has a broad spectrum of antibacterial activity. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin and a carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a third-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Piperacillin is an extended-spectrum ureidopenicillin which, when combined with the beta-lactamase inhibitor tazobactam, is used to treat moderate-to-severe infectious due to susceptible organisms including lactamase producing penicillin-resistant bacteria. it has been linked with idiosyncratic liver injury, but only rarely and as isolated case reports. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an irritating chloroform-like odor. Density 9.8 lb / gal. Flash point 87Â°F. Polymerizable. If polymerization takes place inside a closed container, the container is subject to violent rupture. Irritates the skin and respiratory system. Toxic by ingestion. A confirmed carcinogen. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make plastics and as a solvent. it is an epoxide that is 1,2-epoxypropene in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by chlorine. It is an organochlorine compound and an epoxide. It derives from a 1,2-epoxypropane. it is a volatile and flammable, clear, colorless, liquid, chlorinated cyclic ether with an irritating, chloroform-like odor that emits toxic fumes of hydrochloric acid and other chlorinated compounds when heated to decomposition. it is used in the manufacture of epoxy resins, synthetic glycerin and elastomers. Exposure to it irritates the eyes, skin and respiratory tract, and can cause chemical pneumonitis, pulmonary edema, and renal lesions. This substance also affects the blood. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen and may be associated with an increased risk of developing respiratory cancer. (NCI05) 
it is a purine nucleoside in which hypoxanthine is attached to ribofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purines D-ribonucleoside and a member of its. It derives from a hypoxanthine and a ribofuranose. 
it is a phosphoshikimic acid and a polyunsaturated dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a shikimic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-O-(1-carboxylatovinyl)-3-phosphonatoshikimate. 
Sodium it is an inorganic salt of sodium, the anion of which is the it(3-) linear coordination complex. It has a role as an allergen. It contains an it(3-). 
it is a dihydroxyphenylacetic acid having the two hydroxy substituents located at the 2- and 6-positions. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2,6-dihydroxyphenyl)acetate. 
it is an imidazoquinoline fused [4,5-c] carrying isobutyl and amino substituents at N-1 and C-4 respectively. A prescription medication, it acts as an immune response modifier and is used to treat genital warts, superficial basal cell carcinoma, and actinic keratosis. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an interferon inducer. it is a synthetic agent with immune response modifying activity. As an immune response modifier (IRM), it stimulates cytokine production, especially interferon production, and exhibits antitumor activity, particularly against cutaneous cancers. it's proapoptotic activity appears to be related to Bcl-2 overexpression in susceptible tumor cells. (NCI04) 
it is a phenolate anion obtained by deprotonation of the 2-hydroxy group of norsolorinic acid anthrone. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). It is a conjugate base of a norsolorinic acid anthrone. 
it is a purine nucleobase that consists of purine bearing an oxo substituent at position 6. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an oxopurine, a purine nucleobase and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from an adenine. it is a purine-based organic compound in human muscle tissues, it is formed during purine catabolism as a product of xanthine oxidase action on xanthine, and occasionally is found as a constituent of nucleic acids. The potent anti-inflammatory and cytoprotective effects of purines may be mediated by cell surface adenosine receptors. it protects against oxidant-induced cell injury by inhibiting activation of nuclear poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP). (NCI04) 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 3-dehydro-4,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose as the sugar component. It is a dTDP-sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an organofluorine compound that is 3-phenylpropan-1-ol bearing a trifluoromethyl group at position 3 on the phenyl ring. It is an organofluorine compound and a member of propan-1-ols. 
it is an aromatic ether that is 1,4-dimethoxybenzene which is substituted at position 2 by a 2-(glycylamino)-1-hydroxyethyl group. A direct-acting sympathomimetic with selective alpha-adrenergic agonist activity, it is used (generally as its hydrochloride salt) as a peripheral vasoconstrictor in the treatment of certain hypotensive states. The main active moiety is its major metabolite, deglyit. It has a role as a prodrug, an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent and a vasoconstrictor agent. It is a secondary alcohol, an amino acid amide and an aromatic ether. It derives from a glycinamide and a deglyit. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a direct-acting prodrug and sympathomimetic agent with antihypotensive properties. it is converted to its active metabolite, desglyit by deglycination reaction. Desglyit selectively binds to and activates alpha-1-adrenergic receptors of the arteriolar and venous vasculature. This causes smooth muscle contraction and leads to an elevation of blood pressure. Desglyit diffuses poorly across the blood-brain barrier, and is therefore not associated with effects on the central nervous system (CNS). 
it with a small amount of an adulterant added so as to be unfit for use as a beverage. it is a primary it that is ethane in which one of the hydrogens is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a polar solvent, a neurotoxin, a central nervous system depressant, a teratogenic agent, a NMDA receptor antagonist, a protein kinase C agonist, a disinfectant, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a primary it, an alkyl it, a volatile organic compound and a member of its. It is a conjugate acid of an ethoxide. Alcohol is a volatile liquid prepared by fermentation of certain carbohydrates. Alcohol acts as a central nervous system (CNS) depressant, a diuretic, and a disinfectant. Although the exact mechanism of CNS depression is unknown, it may act by inhibiting the opening of calcium channels, mediated by the binding of the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-amino butyric acid (GABA) to GABA-A receptors, or through inhibitory actions at N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)-type glutamate receptors. Alcohol inhibits the production of antidiuretic hormone, thereby producing diuresis that may lead to dehydration. This agent kills organisms by denaturing their proteins. 
Aloin is a diastereoisomeric mixture of aloin A (barbaloin) and aloin B (isobarbaloin), which have similar properties. It is a bitter-tasting, yellow-brown colored compound found in the exudate of at least 68 Aloe species at levels of up to 6.6% of leaf dry weight (making between 3% and 35% of the total exudate), and in another 17 species at indeterminate levels. It is used as a stimulant-laxative, treating constipation by inducing bowel movements. It has a role as a laxative and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It contains an aloin A and an aloin B. 
it is a colorless, odorless gas. It is relatively inert. The mixture is nonflammable and nontoxic, though asphyxiation may occur because of displacement of oxygen. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is a fluoroalkane and a fluorocarbon. It has a role as a refrigerant. 
it, also known as phe-phe or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in saliva, feces, urine, and blood. 
it is an L-lysine derivative that is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.1 (alkaline phosphatase) inhibitor, a human metabolite, a xenobiotic metabolite, a rat metabolite and a biomarker. It is a L-lysine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a it. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups of nerylneryl diphosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a nerylneryl diphosphate. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it appears as a white colored liquid with the odor of moth balls. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Flash point below 200Â°F. Used as a moth repellent, to make other chemicals, as a fumigant, and for many other uses. it is a dichlorobenzene carrying chloro groups at positions 1 and 4. It has a role as an insecticide. it is a synthetic, white crystalline solid that is practically insoluble in water and soluble in ether, chloroform, carbon disulfide, benzene, alcohol and acetone. It is used primarily as a space deodorant in products such as room deodorizers, urinal and toilet bowl blocks, and as an insecticide fumigant for moth control. When it is heated to decomposition, toxic gases and vapors (such as hydrochloric acid and carbon monoxide) are released. The primary route of potential human exposure to this compound is inhalation. Acute inhalation exposure to it can result in coughing and breathing difficulties. Breathing high levels of this chemical can cause headaches, dizziness and liver damage. Contact with it can irritate the eyes, leading to burning and tearing. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
N-(2-Carboxymethyl)-morpholine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). N-(2-Carboxymethyl)-morpholine is very soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). N-(2-Carboxymethyl)-morpholine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, N-(2-carboxymethyl)-morpholine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. N-(2-Carboxymethyl)-morpholine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, N-(2-Carboxymethyl)-morpholine, N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-morpholine, and N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-morpholine N-oxide can be biosynthesized from mycophenolate mofetil; which is mediated by the enzyme cocaine esterase. In addition, N-(2-Carboxymethyl)-morpholine, N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-morpholine, and N-(2-hydroxyethyl)-morpholine N-oxide can be biosynthesized from mycophenolate mofetil; which is catalyzed by the enzymes liver carboxylesterase 1 and cocaine esterase. In humans, N-(2-carboxymethyl)-morpholine is involved in the mycophenolic Acid metabolism pathway. 
it is a pyridazinium ion that is pyridazin-1-ium which is substituted by a phenyl, amino and methoxy groups at positions 1, 4 and 6, respectively. It has a role as an antihypotensive agent, an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor, a sympathomimetic agent and an adrenergic uptake inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a primary arylamine and a pyridazinium ion. 
it is an anthocyanidin cation that is flavylium bearing four hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 4', 5 and 7 as well as a methoxy substituent at position 3'. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, an apoptosis inducer and a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-aspartic acid, L-valine and two L-proline units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid, a L-valine and a L-proline. 
it is a carbohydrazide that results from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of DL-serine with the primary amino group of 4-(hydrazinylmethyl)benzene-1,2,3-triol. An aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase inhibitor (DOPA decarboxylase inhibitor) that does not enter the central nervous system, it is used as its hydrochloride salt as an adjunct to levodopa in the treatment of parkinsonism. By preventing the conversion of levodopa to dopamine in the periphery, it causes an increase in the amount of levodopa reaching the central nervous system and so reduces the required dose. it has no antiparkinson actions when given alone. It has a role as an EC 4.1.1.28 (aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase) inhibitor, an antiparkinson drug and a dopaminergic agent. It is a carbohydrazide, a member of catechols, a primary amino compound and a primary alcohol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acrylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing acrylic acid CH2=CHCO2H or a derivative thereof. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00022594 (Liposomal it in Treating Patients With Metastatic or Locally Recurrent Head and Neck Cancer). it is a semisynthetic analogue of camptothecin with antineoplastic activity. it selectively stabilizes the topoisomerase I-DNA covalent complex and forms an enzyme-drug-DNA ternary complex. As a consequence of the formation of this complex, both the initial cleavage reaction and religation steps are inhibited and subsequent collision of the replication fork with the cleaved strand of DNA results in inhibition of DNA replication, double strand DNA breakage and triggering of apoptosis. Independent from DNA replication inhibition, it also inhibits RNA synthesis, multi-ubiquitination and degradation of topoisomerase I and chromatin reorganization. 
it is a delta-amino acid comprising pentanoic acid with an amino substituent at C-5; a methylene homologue of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) that is a weak GABA agonist. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a delta-amino acid and an omega-amino fatty acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-aminopentanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is phenylacetic acid substituted by a 2-hydroxy-3-(propan-2-ylamino)propoxy group at position 4. It is a metabolite of the drug atenolol. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a biflavonoid isolated from the seeds of Garcinia kola that has been shown to exhibit hepatoprotective activity. It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a biflavonoid, a ring assembly, a member of dihydroflavonols, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones. 
it is the sodium salt of fosinopril, a phosphinic acid-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it is an ester prodrug that is hydrolysed by esterases to its active metabolite fosinoprilat. Fosinoprilat specifically and competitively inhibits angiotensin-converting enzyme thereby decreasing the formation of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II, resulting in diminished vasopressor activity. In addition, angiotensin II-mediated aldosterone secretion by adrenal cortex is decreased, which results in a decrease of sodium retention and an increase of serum potassium. (NCI05) 
it is the L-valinyl ester of ganciclovir, into which it is rapidly converted by intestinal and hepatic esterases. It is a synthetic analogue of 2'-deoxyguanosine. It has a role as a prodrug and an antiviral drug. It is a member of purines and a L-valyl ester. It derives from a guanine and a ganciclovir. it is a synthetic prodrug of ganciclovir, a nucleoside analogue of 2'-deoxyguanosine, with antiviral activity. After phosphorylation, it is incorporated into DNA, resulting in inhibition of viral DNA polymerase, viral DNA synthesis, and viral replication. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it or PQ 5, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as epoxides. Epoxides are compounds containing a cyclic ether with three ring atoms(one oxygen and two carbon atoms). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, panaquinquecol 5 is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, panaquinquecol 5 can be found in tea. This makes panaquinquecol 5 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a gallate ester obtained by the formal condensation of gallic acid with ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
(S)-alpha-hydroxyglutaric acid-gamma-lactone is a butan-4-olide obtained by formal intramolecular condensation between the 2-hydroxy and 4-carboxy groups of (S)-2-hydroxyglutaric acid It is a butan-4-olide and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a (S)-2-hydroxyglutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-alpha-hydroxyglutarate-gamma-lactone. 
it, also known as fema 2646, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, apple, and apricot tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Pristanoyl-CoA, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain 3-oxoacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A derivative, which is 3-oxo acylated long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. Pristanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Pristanoyl-CoA has been found in human liver tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, pristanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm and peroxisome. In humans, pristanoyl-CoA is involved in the oxidation OF branched chain fatty acids pathway. 
it was an inhaled drug used for the treatment of cystic fibrosis (CF), showing various improvements in lung function during a phase III clinical trial.  A new drug application (NDA) was filed with the FDA in 2011, however, the second phase III clinical trial showed a lack of improvement in lung function for cystic fibrosis patients taking it.  The drug was also evaluated in the treatment of retinal detachment and other diseases of the retina.  it has not gained FDA approval, and clinical trials with this drug have ceased since 2011. 
Dehydrochloromethyltestosterone is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of maprotiline, a tetracyclic antidepressant closely related to the tricyclic antidepressants with adrenergic activity and sedative properties. it exerts its effect by blocking the re-uptake of norepinephrine, thereby increasing the synaptic concentration of norepinephrine in the central nervous system and subsequently prolonging the action of norepinephrine on central receptors. 
it appears as colorless to yellowish-brown crystals or light brown solid. (NTP, 1992) Biphenyl-4-amine is an aminobiphenyl that is biphenyl substituted by an amino group at position 4. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. 
N-(dodecanoyl)ethanolamine is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of dodecanoic acid (myristic acid) with the amino group of ethanolamine. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine and a N-(saturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Kidney Neoplasms, Colorectal Neoplasms, Metastases, Neoplasm, and Carcinoma, Renal Cell. Vascular Disrupting Agent it is a water-soluble phosphate prodrug of N-acetylcolchinol with potential antiangiogenesis and antineoplastic activities. it is converted in vivo into N-acetylcolchinol. N-acetylcolchinol binds to and destabilizes the tubulin cytoskeleton of endothelial cells in tumor blood vessels, which may result in tumor endothelial cell apoptosis, the selective occlusion of tumor blood vessels, cessation of tumor blood flow, and tumor necrosis. 
Butorphanol D-tartrate is the (S,S)-tartaric acid salt of butorphanol. It is used for relief or moderate to severe pain. It has a role as a kappa-opioid receptor agonist, a mu-opioid receptor agonist and an opioid analgesic. It is a morphinane alkaloid and a tartrate salt. It contains a butorphanol. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is 2-nitrobenzoic acid in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by a 2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy group. It is a herbicide used for the post-emergence control of a variety of annual broadleaf weeds. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzoic acids, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound, an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid and a C-nitro compound. 
it is a vascular-acting photosensitizer consisting of a water-soluble, palladium-substituted bacteriochlorophyll derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, paldeliporfin is activated locally when the tumor bed is exposed to low-power laser light; reactive oxygen species (ROS) are formed upon activation and ROS-mediated necrosis may occur at the site of interaction between the photosensitizer, light and oxygen. Vascular-targeted photodynamic therapy (VTP) with it may allow tumor-site specific cytotoxicity while sparing adjacent normal tissues. 
it is the first members of a new class of anti-HIV drugs which is also called fusion inhibitors. It has received fast track designation from the FDA and is in Phase I/II clinical testing. 
Acrylyl-CoA, also known as acryloyl-CoA or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Acrylyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Acrylyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, acrylyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, acrylyl-CoA is involved in the propanoate metabolism pathway. Acrylyl-CoA is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include malonyl-CoA decarboxylase deficiency, the malonic aciduria pathway, and the methylmalonic aciduria due to cobalamin-related disorders pathway. 
5, 14-Dihydroxy-11-methoxy-6, 8, 19-trioxapentacyclo[10. 7. 0. 0Â², â¹. 0Â³, â·. 0Â¹Â³, Â¹â·]nonadeca-1(12), 2(9), 10, 13(17)-tetraene-16, 18-dione, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as difurocoumarocyclopentenones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a cyclopenten-2-one ring fused to the coumarin moiety of the difurocoumarin skeleton. 5, 14-Dihydroxy-11-methoxy-6, 8, 19-trioxapentacyclo[10. 7. 0. 0Â², â¹. 0Â³, â·. 0Â¹Â³, Â¹â·]nonadeca-1(12), 2(9), 10, 13(17)-tetraene-16, 18-dione is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it (it) is an investigational non-steroidal progestin. It is a high affinity, high efficacy agonist of the progesterone receptor (PR) with a much more selective binding profile relative to most conventional progestins. Because of this it may prove to produce fewer side effects in comparison. It is currently in the process of being developed for clinical use as a contraceptive by Ligand Pharmaceuticals. An analog of it, 4-fluoropropylit (18F), has been developed as a radiotracer for imaging of the PR in positron emission tomography. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as a contraceptive drug, a progestin, a synthetic oral contraceptive and a female contraceptive drug. It derives from a norgestrel. It is an enantiomer of a dexonorgestrel. it is the levorotatory form of norgestrel and synthetic progestogen with progestational and androgenic activity. it binds to the progesterone receptor in the nucleus of target cells, thereby stimulating the resulting hormone-receptor complex, initiating transcription, and increasing the synthesis of certain proteins. This results in a suppression of luteinizing hormone (LH) activity and an inhibition of ovulation, as well as an alteration in the cervical mucus and endometrium. 
it is the (7alpha,7'alpha,8alpha,8'alpha)-stereoisomer of it. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is estr-4-ene substituted by an oxo group at position 3, methyl groups at positions 2 and 17 and a beta-hydroxy group at position 17. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it appears as brown waxy solid or colorless crystals. Used as a rodenticide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)methyl]benzoic acid with the primary aromatic amino group of 4-methyl-N(3)-[4-(pyridin-3-yl)pyrimidin-2-yl]benzene-1,3-diamine. Used (as its mesylate salt) for treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia and gastrointestinal stromal tumours. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-methylpiperazine, a member of pyridines, a member of benzamides, an aromatic amine and a member of pyrimidines. It derives from a benzamide. it is an antineoplastic agent that inhibits the Bcr-Abl fusion protein tyrosine kinase, an abnormal enzyme produced by chronic myeloid leukemia cells that contain the Philadelphia chromosome. it also inhibits the receptor tyrosine kinases for platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) and stem cell factor (SCF)/c-kit; the SCF/c-kit receptor tyrosine kinase is activated in gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST). This agent inhibits proliferation and induces apoptosis in cells that overexpress these oncoproteins. 
Daidzein 7-(6-O-acetyl-beta-D-glucoside) is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is daidzein in which the phenolic hydrogen at position 7 has been replaced by a 6-O-acetyl-beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, an O-acyl carbohydrate, an acetate ester, a glycosyloxyisoflavone, a hydroxyisoflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of phenols. It derives from a daidzein. 
L-cis-Cyclo(aspartylphenylalanyl), also known as L-cis-cyclo(phenylalanylaspartyl) or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. L-cis-Cyclo(aspartylphenylalanyl) exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, L-cis-cyclo(aspartylphenylalanyl) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an oxopurine that is xanthine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 7 is replaced by a methyl group. It is an intermediate metabolite in the synthesis of caffeine. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an oxopurine and a purine alkaloid. It derives from a 7H-xanthine. 
it is an androstanoid that is androst-4-en-19-al substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 17. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a 19-oxo steroid, an androstanoid, a steroid aldehyde and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It derives from an androst-4-ene-3,17-dione. 
it is a member of the class of 2,5-diketopiperazines that is piperazine-2,5-dione in which one hydrogen at position 3 and one hydrogen at position 6 are replaced by p-hydroxybenzyl groups. 
(Z)-Oak lactone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom (Z)-Oak lactone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Z)-oak lactone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a heparin octasaccharide consisting of 4-deoxy-alpha-L-threo-hex-4-enopyranuronosyl, 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl, (5xi)-2-O-sulfo-D-xylo-hexopyranuronosyl, 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl, (5xi)-D-xylo-hexopyranuronosyl, 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl, (5xi)-D-xylo-hexopyranuronosyl, and 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranose units joined in sequence by (1->4) linkages. Sequence: DHexA-GlcNSO3-HexA(2SO4)-GlcNSO3-HexA-GlcNSO3-HexA-GlcNSO3. It is a heparin octasaccharide, an oligosaccharide sulfate and an amino octasaccharide. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of acetic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an acetic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
One or more of the three isomeric (1,2- 1,3- and 1,4-) dinitrobenzenes, which are solids at room conditions, presumably in a non-aqueous solvent or carrier. Toxic by skin absorption. Exposure of the confined material to heat or shock may result in explosive decomposition. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
Amphotericin B is a polyene antifungal antibiotic produced by Streptomyces nodosus, with antifungal activity. Amphotericin B binds to ergosterol, an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, thereby causing depolarization of the membrane and altering cell membrane permeability. This leads to leakage of important intracellular components, cell rupture, and eventually cell death. This agent may also induce oxidative damage in fungal cells and has been reported to stimulate host immune cells. 
it is the 20-hydroxy derivative of leukotriene B4. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a leukotriene B4. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is 5-Methylidene-5H-dibenzo[a,d]cycloheptene in which one of the hydrogens of the methylidene group is substituted by a 2-(dimethylamino)ethyl group. A centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant, it is used as its hydrochloride salt in the symptomatic treatment of painful muscle spasm. It has a role as a muscle relaxant, a tranquilizing drug and an antidepressant. It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. it is a centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant with antidepressant activity. The exact mechanism of action of it has not been fully determined, but this drug seems to primarily act at the brain stem to reduce tonic somatic motor activity, influencing both gamma and alpha motor neurons leading to a reduction in muscle spasms. 
it is the acetate salt form of cortisone, a synthetic or semisynthetic analog of the naturally occurring cortisone hormone produced by the adrenal glands with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. it diffuses through the cell membrane and binds to nuclear glucocorticoid receptors. The receptor-ligand complex binds to promotor regions of certain genes and initiates RNA transcription. This results in an induction of synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins while inhibiting the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators. 
it, also known as nootkatane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eremophilane, 8, 9-secoeremophilane and furoeremophilane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based either on the eremophilane skeleton, its 8, 9-seco derivative, or the furoeremophilane skeleton. Eremophilanes have been shown to be derived from eudesmanes by migration of the methyl group at C-10 to C-5. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a citrus, gardenia, and grapefruit peel tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), citrus, lime, and lemon. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a colorless, crystalline solid with a camphor-like odor. It may cause illness from inhalation or ingestion and may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. When heated to high temperatures it may emit toxic fumes. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used to make other chemicals. it is a member of the class of chloroethanes that is ethane in which all the hydrogens are replaced by chloro groups. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a refrigerant. It is a chlorocarbon and a member of chloroethanes. it is a crystalline, colorless, toxic, solid chlorinated hydrocarbon with a camphor-like odor and emits toxic and irritating fumes when heated to decomposition. it was used as an anthelmintic to treat fascioliasis in cattle and sheep, in refining aluminum alloys, in smoke bombs and pyrotechnic and as a degassing agent and polymer additive. Exposure to this substance irritates the skin and mucous membranes, causes liver damage and acts as a central nervous system depressant. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an N-acyl-1-deoxy-4-hydroxysphinganine in which the acyl group on nitrogen is hexacosanoyl and in which C-1 is substituted by a cyclitolic [(1S,2S,3R,4R,5S)-2,3,4,5-tetrahydroxycyclohexyl] amino group. It is a synthetic analogue of the CD1d-presented agonist alpha-galactosylceramide. It has a role as an epitope. It is an amino cyclitol and a N-acyl-1-deoxy-4-hydroxysphinganine. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. it is a sympathomimetic amine structurally similar to amphetamine with anorexiant activity. it stimulates the central nervous system and increases the release of norepinephrine and dopamine from nerve terminals and inhibits their uptake. This suppresses appetite, increases motor activity, causes euphoria, mental alertness and excitement. This drug may also cause an increase in heart rate and blood pressure. it is used in the treatment of obesity. 
it is a tertiary amine that consists of N,N-dimethyltryptamine bearing an additional hydroxy substituent at position 5. It has a role as a hallucinogen and a coral metabolite. It is a tryptamine alkaloid and a tertiary amine. It derives from a N,N-dimethyltryptamine. 
it is an iminium ion with formula C8H13N6O, that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of methanopterin by Methanocaldococcus jannaschii. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
DG(10:0/0:0/10:0), also known as diacylglycerol(20:0) or 1, 3-dicaprin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-diacylglycerols. These are diacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at positions 1 and 3. DG(10:0/0:0/10:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, DG(10:0/0:0/10:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a 2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-5-{[2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)ethyl](methyl)amino}-2-(propan-2-yl)pentanenitrile that has S configuration. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a dexverapamil. 
it is a thiazolidinone that is 2-thioxo-4-thiazolidinone which is substituted at position 3 by a (m--trifluoromethyl)phenyl group and at position 5 by a p-carboxybenzylidene group. It is an inhibitor of cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator, a membrane protein and chloride channel in vertebrates that is encoded by the CFTR gene. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.49 (channel-conductance-controlling ATPase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzoic acids, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a thiazolidinone. 
it is a pyranonaphthoquinone antibiotic from strain OS-3966 of Streptomyces rosa var. notoensis. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a benzoisochromanequinone, an organooxygen heterocyclic antibiotic, a member of p-quinones and a monocarboxylic acid. it is a quinone antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces rosa var. notoensis with activity against gram-positive bacteria, mycoplasmas and fungi. Within an organism, it is first reduced by flavin or NADH dehydrogenase then rapidly autooxidized leading to the production of singlet molecular oxygen (O2-). The increase in intracellular O2- results in inhibition of DNA, RNA and cell-wall peptidoglycan synthesis. Further, it may have antineoplastic properties resulting from a reduction in DNA methylation by inhibiting DNA methyltransferase 3B (DNMT3B) and reactivating the tumor suppressor gene RASSF1A. 
it is a lipopeptide that is an analogue of human GLP-1 in which the lysine residue at position 27 is replaced by arginine and a hexadecanoyl group attached to the remaining lysine via a glutamic acid spacer. Used as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. It has a role as a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist and a neuroprotective agent. It is a lipopeptide and a polypeptide. it is a long-acting, fatty acylated glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) analog administered subcutaneously, with antihyperglycemic activity. it's prolonged action and half-life of 11-15 hours are attributed to the attachment of the fatty acid palmitic acid to GLP-1 that reversibly binds to albumin. Albumin binding protects liraglutide from immediate degradation and elimination and causes GLP-1 to be released from abumin in a slow and consistent manner. This agent may cause thyroid C-cell tumors and increases the risk of acute pancreatitis. 
it is a penicillin compound having a 6beta-(phenoxyacetyl)amino side-chain. It is a penicillin allergen and a penicillin. It is a conjugate acid of a phenoxymethylpenicillin(1-). it is a member of the penicillin family exhibiting broad-spectrum antibiotic property. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBP), the enzymes that catalyze the synthesis of peptidoglycan, which is a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to the interruption of cell wall synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell growth inhibition and cell lysis. 
it is a phlorotannin that is eckol in which the hydroxy group at position 7 is replaced by a 2,4,6-trihydroxyphenoxy group. Isolated from the marine brown alga, Ecklonia cava, it exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant and an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor. It is a phlorotannin and an aromatic ether. It derives from an eckol and a phloroglucinol. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzothiophenes that is 1-benzothiophene in which the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a 1-[carbamoyl(hydroxy)amino]ethyl group. A selective 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor, it inhibits the formation of leukotrienes LTB4, LTC4, LDT4, and LTE4. It is used for the management of chronic asthma. It has a role as an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an anti-asthmatic drug and a leukotriene antagonist. It is a member of ureas and a member of 1-benzothiophenes. It derives from a hydride of a 1-benzothiophene. it is a synthetic derivative of hydroxyurea with antiasthmatic properties. The leukotriene inhibitor it blocks 5-lipoxygenase, which catalyzes the formation of leukotrienes from arachidonic acid; causes bronchodilation; decreases bronchial mucous secretion and edema; and may prevent or decrease the symptoms of asthma. (NCI04) 
it is an aminoacyl phosphate consisting of N-acetyl-L-2-aminoadipic acid having the phosphate group located at the 6-position. It derives from a L-2-aminoadipic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-2-aminoadipate 6-phosphate(3-). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from one of the carboxy groups of succinic acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoanion and a succinate. It is a conjugate base of a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a succinate(2-). 
it appears as a light green crystalline solid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in medicine, chemical analysis and metallurgy. it (anhydrous) is a compound of ammonium, iron and sulfate in which the ratio of ammonium to iron(2+) to sulfate ions is 2:1:2. It is a metal sulfate, an iron molecular entity and an ammonium salt. It contains an iron(2+). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glioma, Melanoma, Ependymoma, Gliosarcoma, and Lung Cancer, among others. it is a methylated tryptophan with immune checkpoint inhibitory activity. it inhibits the enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO), which degrades the essential amino acid tryptophan, and may increase or maintain tryptophan levels important to T cell function. Tryptophan depletion is associated with immunosuppression involving T cell arrest and anergy. 
Anabol-4-19 is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
Sucrose octaacetate, also known as it or fema 3038, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. Sucrose octaacetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, sucrose octaacetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Sucrose octaacetate has a bitter and odorless taste. 
Hexafluoroacetone hydrate appears as a colorless liquid with a acetone-like odor. Toxic by inhalation. Nonflammable. Emits toxic fumes when heated to high temperatures. Heavier than air. Used as an intermediate in organic synthesis. 
it is a quaternary ammonium cation having 2-bromobenzyl, ethyl and two methyl groups attached to the nitrogen. It blocks noradrenaline release from the peripheral sympathetic nervous system, and is used in emergency medicine, cardiology, and other specialties for the acute management of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, an anti-arrhythmia drug and an antihypertensive agent. 
it is a methoxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted at positions 4' and 7 by hydroxy and methoxy groups respectively. It has a role as a metabolite, a bone density conservation agent and an apoptosis inhibitor. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a member of 7-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from a daidzein. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages, coffee and coffee products, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an anthocyanin cation consisting of pelargonidin having a rutinosyl [6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannosyl-(1->6)-beta-D-glucosyl] residue attached at the 3-hydroxy position. It is an anthocyanin cation, a rutinoside and a disaccharide derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it betaine. 
Spiramycin is a macrolide originally discovered as product of Streptomyces ambofaciens, with antibacterial and antiparasitic activities. Although the specific mechanism of action has not been characterized, spiramycin likely inhibits protein synthesis by binding to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This agent also prevents placental transmission of toxoplasmosis presumably through a different mechanism, which has not yet been characterized. 
it is a long-chain alkane that is heptadecane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 6, 10 and 14. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-chlorobenzoic acid with the amino group of 2-[4-(2-aminoethyl)phenoxy]-2-methylpropanoic acid. Benafibrate is used for the treatment of hyperlipidaemia. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antilipemic drug. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a propionic acid. it is an agonist of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha (PPARalpha) with antilipidemic activity. it decreases triglyceride levels, increases high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels, and decreases total and low density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels. 
Bis(2-furanylmethyl) sulfide, also known as 2, 2'-(thiodimethylene) difuran or bis-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. Bis(2-furanylmethyl) sulfide exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, bis(2-furanylmethyl) sulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Bis(2-furanylmethyl) sulfide is a coffee, earthy, and meaty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes bis(2-furanylmethyl) sulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A lipid-soluble benzoquinone which is involved in ELECTRON TRANSPORT in mitochondrial preparations. The compound occurs in the majority of aerobic organisms, from bacteria to higher plants and animals. 
it is an organic iodide salt and a cyanine dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it(4+). 
it is an aromatic nitrogen mustard derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it alkylates DNA and appears to concentrate primarily in the spleen and thymus where it causes lymphocyte depletion. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of 3-methylorsellinic acid, obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is the major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3-methylorsellinic acid. 
it is a 2-acetamido-2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose 1-phosphate having alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-glucosamine 1-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
A cyclohexanol and phenol derivative and metabolite of venlafaxine that functions as a SEROTONIN AND NORADRENALINE REUPTAKE INHIBITOR (SNRI) and is used as an ANTIDEPRESSIVE AGENT. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of fluthiacet with methanol. A proherbicide for fluthiacet, it is used for the control of broad-leaved weeds in crops such as maize and soya. It has a role as an agrochemical, an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a proherbicide. It is an organic sulfide, a methyl ester, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a thiadiazolopyridazine. It derives from a fluthiacet. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the vitamin D and derivatives class of chemicals. These are compounds containing a secosteroid backbone, usually secoergostane or secocholestane. It is known to target the vitamin D3 receptor. 
it, also known as fema 3741, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monocyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing 1 ring in the isoprene chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, campholenic alcohol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, campholenic alcohol can be found in fruits. This makes campholenic alcohol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-tyrosine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a dipeptide, a secondary carboxamide, a dicarboxylic acid, a primary amino compound and a member of phenols. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-tyrosine. It is a conjugate acid of a gamma-Glu-Tyr(1-). 
it is a tertiary amino compound and a stilbenoid. It has a role as an estrogen receptor antagonist, a bone density conservation agent, an estrogen receptor modulator, an estrogen antagonist, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor, an EC 1.2.3.1 (aldehyde oxidase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. it is an antineoplastic nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). it competitively inhibits the binding of estradiol to estrogen receptors, thereby preventing the receptor from binding to the estrogen-response element on DNA. The result is a reduction in DNA synthesis and cellular response to estrogen. In addition, it up-regulates the production of transforming growth factor B (TGFb), a factor that inhibits tumor cell growth, and down-regulates insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), a factor that stimulates breast cancer cell growth. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is abieta-7,13-diene substituted by a carboxy group at position 18. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an abietane diterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an abietate. 
it is a sphingoid consisting of (8E)-sphing-8-enine bearing an additional (R)-hydroxy substituent at the 4-position. It derives from a sphing-8-enine. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxysphing-8-enine(1+). 
it is a fluorinated steroid that is flunisolide in which the hydrogen at position 9 is replaced by fluorine. A corticosteroid with glucocorticoid activity, it is used (both as the anhydrous form and as the dihydrate) in creams, gels and ointments for the treatment of various skin disorders. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an antipruritic drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a cyclic ketal, a glucocorticoid, a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. it is the acetonide salt form of fluocinolone, a synthetic fluorinated corticosteroid with antiinflammatory, antipruritic and vasoconstrictive properties. Fluocinolone is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist that binds to cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently translocates to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both are potent mediators of inflammation. Fluocinolone exerts its vasoconstrictive effect through inhibition of nitric oxide synthase, thereby blocking nitric oxide production and effectively diminishing the effect of nitric oxide on vascular smooth muscles leading to reduced blood flow. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid isolated from the marine red algae, Laurencia scoparia. It has a role as an algal metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is an organobromine compound, a spiro compound, an olefinic compound, a sesquiterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. 
, also known as fema 2808 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a clean, creamy, and fruity taste. 
it is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate having cytosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Any synthetic therapeutic agent which is chemically identical to or similar to the endogenous human corticotropin-releasing factor (hCRF). Synthesized in the hypothalamus, hCRF stimulates the anterior pituitary gland to secrete adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH). In cerebral edema, hCRF acts by impeding the flow of fluid from blood vessels into brain tissue, thereby decreasing edema and stabilizing intracranial pressure. This agent possesses anti-edema properties independent of adrenal gland function. (NCI05) 
it is a nucleoside 5'-diphosphate(3-) arising from deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups of uridine 5'-diphosphate (UDP); major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an UDP. 
Ubiquinone-6, also known as coenzyme Q6 or coq-6, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ubiquinones. These are coenzyme Q derivatives containing a 5, 6-dimethoxy-3-methyl(1, 4-benzoquinone) moiety to which an isoprenyl group is attached at ring position 2(or 6). Ubiquinone-6 exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Ubiquinone-6 has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, ubiquinone-6 is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Ubiquinone-6 exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, ubiquinone-6 is involved in ubiquinone biosynthesis pathway. 
4-acetamidotoluene is a member of the class of toluenes that is 4-aminotoluene in which one of the hydrogens attached to the amino group has been replaced by an acetyl group. It is a member of toluenes and a member of acetamides. It derives from a p-toluidine. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is the N-(4-nitrobenzyl),N-phosphonomethyl derivative of 5-aminovaleric acid. It has a role as an epitope. It is a C-nitro compound, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of phosphonic acids. It derives from a valeric acid. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyanthraquinones that is 1,3-dihydroxyanthraquinone carrying additional sulfo and amino substituents at positions 2 and 4 respectively. The sodium salt is the histological dye 'nuclear fast red' It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an arenesulfonic acid, a primary arylamine and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. It is a conjugate acid of a nuclear fast red(1-). 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in citrus. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as methylthymol or 3-methoxy-p-cymene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a burnt, smoky, and woody tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, common thyme, pot marjoram, and citrus. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Formaldehyde cyanohydrin is an odorless colorless oil with a sweetish taste. Used in the manufacture of intermediates in pharmaceutical production, as a component of synthetic resins, as a chemical intermediate for organic compounds, and as a solvent. (EPA, 1998) it is an cyanohydrin that is acetonitrile in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. 
it is a dialkyl phosphate having ethyl as the alkyl group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a diethylphosphate(1-). 
Ioflupane I(123) is an azabicycloalkane that is ecgonine methyl ester in which the N-methyl group is replaced by 3-fluoropropyl and the 3beta-hydroxy group is replaced by 4-((123)I)iodophenyl. Used for the imaging of dopamine transporters in the brain of adult patients with potential Parkinsonian Syndromes. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent and a radiopharmaceutical. It is an azabicycloalkane, an organofluorine compound and a methyl ester. It derives from an ecgonine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet and sandalwood taste. 
it appears as a white to light yellow crystalline solid. Contact may severely irritate skin and eyes. Poisonous by ingestion and moderately toxic by skin contact. it is a member of the class of its that is phenol in which the hydrogen that is para to the hydroxy group has been replaced by a nitro group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. 
it is the sulfate salt form of spectinomycin, an aminocyclitol aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces spectabilis with bacteriostatic activity. Spectinomycin binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the initiation of protein synthesis and with proper protein elongation. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
Salts between a metal ion (most commonly the sodium ion, calcium ion, or potassium ion) and the it group ClO-. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Powerful irritants to the skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May cause ignition when in contact with organic materials. When involved in a fire they may accelerate combustion or cause an explosion. it is a chlorine oxoanion, a chlorine oxide and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hypochlorous acid. 
it appears as a clear, colorless liquid with a characteristic aromatic odor. About the same density as water. Flash point 5Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. May irritate the skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Used as an insecticide, larvacide and as a reagent for plastic or resin polymers. it is the simplest member of the class of monoits that is benzene carrying a single fluoro substituent. 
it is an N-arylpiperazine that is piperazine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 1 is replaced by a 6-methoxy-7-[3-(piperidin-1-yl)propoxy]quinazolin-4-yl group, while the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 4 is replaced by a (p-isopropoxyphenyl)aminocarbonyl group. it is an inhibitor of tyrosine kinases FLT3, PDGFR and KIT. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a N-carbamoylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a member of quinazolines, a member of piperidines, an aromatic ether, a tertiary amino compound and a member of phenylureas. it is a piperazinyl quinazoline receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the autophosphorylation of FLT3 (FMS-Like Tyrosine kinase-3), c-KIT and PDGF (platelet-derived growth factor) receptor tyrosine kinases, thereby inhibiting cellular proliferation and inducing apoptosis. 
it appears as colorless to brownish crystals or a white to brownish-white crystalline powder. Has neither odor nor taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of its that consists of 1,2,12,12a-tetrahydrochromeno[3,4-b]furo[2,3-h]chromen-6(6aH)-one substituted at position 2 by a prop-1-en-2-yl group and at positions 8 and 9 by methoxy groups (the 2R,6aS,12aS-isomer). A non-systemic insecticide, it is the principal insecticidal constituent of derris (the dried rhizome and root of Derris elliptica). It has a role as a phytogenic insecticide, a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor, a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a toxin. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a member of its. it is a naturally occurring organic heteropentacyclic compound and member of its that is found in the roots of several plant species. It is a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor, toxin, and metabolite, and is used as an antineoplastic agent and insecticide. It is characterized as a colorless to brownish or a white to brownish-white crystalline solid that is odorless. Exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion resulting from a transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group of L-alloisoleucine; major species at pH 7.3. It is an enantiomer of a D-alloisoleucine zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a L-alloisoleucine. 
Copper(II) chloride dihydrate is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of copper(II) chloride. It occurs naturally as the mineral eriochalcite. It has a role as an EC 5.3.3.5 (cholestenol Delta-isomerase) inhibitor. It is a hydrate and a halide mineral. It contains a copper(II) chloride. 
it, also known as 4-cppo, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpiperidines. Phenylpiperidines are compounds containing a phenylpiperidine skeleton, which consists of a piperidine bound to a phenyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 4-(4-chlorophenyl)-4-hydroxypiperidine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an ent-kaurane diterpenoid that is ent-kaur-16-en-19-oic acid carrying an additional 7alpha-hydroxy substituent. It is a conjugate acid of an ent-7alpha-hydroxykaur-16-en-19-oate. 
it appears as off-white to violet or dark brown powder. Emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides and sulfur oxides when heated to decomposition. it is a synthetic, off-white to violet solid that is soluble in water and ethanol. It is used primarily as a component of oxidizing 'permanent' hair- and fur-dye formulations. it is also used as an intermediate in the production of C.I. Basic Brown 2, a dye commonly used in numerous consumer products. The primary routes of potential human exposure to it are dermal contact and inhalation. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it as a natural plant alkaloid that has potent anticholinergic effects and is used to treat mild to moderate nausea, motion sickness and allergic rhinitis. it has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, it antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it is a phenothiazine substituted on nitrogen by a (1-methylpyrrolidin-3-yl)methyl group; a first-generation antihistamine with anticholinergic properties. It has a role as a histamine antagonist, a cholinergic antagonist and an antipruritic drug. It is a member of phenothiazines and a N-alkylpyrrolidine. 
5-Ethyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 5-Ethyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-ethyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5-Ethyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, 5-ethyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole can be found in coffee and coffee products and potato. This makes 5-ethyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dimethylxanthine having the two methyl groups located at positions 1 and 7. It is a metabolite of caffeine and theobromine in animals. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
A 9,10alpha-dihydro derivative of ERGOTAMINE that contains an isopropyl sidechain at the 2' position and an alpha-isobutyl sidechain at 5'alpha position of the molecule. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2,5-bis(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)benzoic acid with the primary amino group of piperidin-2-ylmethylamine. An antiarrhythmic agent used (in the form of its acetate salt) to prevent and treat tachyarrhythmia (abnormal fast rhythm of the heart). It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of piperidines, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic agent derived from trifluoroethoxy-benzamide exhibiting antiarrhythmic and local anesthetic activity. As a class Ic antiarrhythmic that blocks sodium channels, it depresses polarization phase 0 and decreases the induction velocity of the His-Purkinje system. It also decreases phase 4 slope and increases the depolarization threshold. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles used widely in the treatment of hypertension. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an angiotensin receptor antagonist, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a member of biphenyls, a member of benzimidazoles and a carboxybiphenyl. it is a benzimidazole derivative and a non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive property. it selectively antagonizes angiotensin II binding to the AT1 subtype receptor, located in vascular smooth muscle and adrenal gland. The antagonism results in vasodilation and inhibits the angiotensin II-mediated aldosterone production, which in turn leading to a decrease in sodium and water as well as an increase in potassium excretion leading to a subsequent reduction in blood pressure. 
it is strongly irritating to skin. It may cause visible destruction or irreversible alterations in human skin tissue at the site of contact. It is very toxic by ingestion, inhalation, or by skin absorption. It may be combustible though it may require some effort to ignite. 
it is a pyrazolooxadiazepine that is 7-oxo-1,2,4,5-tetrahydro-7H-pyrazolo[1,2-d][1,4,5]oxadiazepin which is substituted at positions 8 and 9 by 2,6-diethyl-4-methylphenyl and pivaloyloxy groups, respectively. A pro-herbicide (by hydrolysis of the pivalate ester to give the corresponding enol), it is used for control of grass weeds in cereal crops. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an agrochemical, an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor and a proherbicide. It is a pivalate ester and a pyrazolooxadiazepine. It derives from a it acid. 
4, 5-Dimethoxy-1, 2-benzenedicarboxylic acid, also known as 4, 5-dimethoxy-phthalic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. 4, 5-Dimethoxy-1, 2-benzenedicarboxylic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4, 5-dimethoxy-1, 2-benzenedicarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-(difluoromethyl)-1-methylpyrazole-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 9-(dichloromethylene)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1,4-methanonaphthalen-5-amine. It is an aromatic amide, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyrazoles, an olefinic phospholipid and a bridged compound. 
Ditiocarb zinc, also known as Diethyldithiocarbamic acid zinc salt, is a known chelator for copper and zinc. It also a dermatological sensitizer and allergen. Sensitivity to ditiocarb zinc may be identified with a clinical patch test. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamylphenols. These are organic compounds containing the 1, 3-diphenylpropene moiety with one benzene ring bearing one or more hydroxyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a flavone C-glycoside that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4', a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 6 and a 6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranosyl residue at position 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is a flavone C-glycoside and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
it is a 7-[3-(3-cyclohexyl-3-hydroxypropyl)-2,5-dioxoimidazolidin-4-yl]heptanoic acid that is the (3S,4R)-enantiomer of BW 245C. It is an enantiomer of a (3R,4S)-BW 245C. 
it is a member of the class of pyridines that is (pyridin-2-yl)acrylic acid substituted at position 6 by a [(1E)-1-(4-methylphenyl)-3-(pyrrolidin-1-yl)prop-1-en-1-yl group. It is a non-sedating antihistamine used for treatment of hayfever, urticaria, and rhinitis. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, a member of pyridines, a N-alkylpyrrolidine and an olefinic compound. it is a synthetic alkylamine with non-sedative antihistaminergic activity. it competitively blocks the histamine H1 receptor and limits the typical allergic and anaphylactic responses, including bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle, caused by actions of histamine on bronchial, and gastrointestinal smooth muscles, and on capillaries. This drug also prevents histamine-induced pain and itching of the skin and mucous membranes. (NCI05) 
it appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. 
it is the 3-(uracil-1-yl) derivative of L-alanine. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-alanine derivative. It derives from a uracil. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 2-aminobenzimidazole in which the primary amino group is substituted by a methoxycarbonyl group. A fungicide, it controls Ascomycetes, Fungi Imperfecti, and Basidiomycetes on a wide variety of crops, including bananas, cereals, cotton, fruits, grapes, mushrooms, ornamentals, peanuts, sugarbeet, soybeans, tobacco, and vegetables. It has a role as an antinematodal drug, a metabolite, a microtubule-destabilising agent and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a carbamate ester, a member of benzimidazoles, a benzimidazole fungicide and a benzimidazolylcarbamate fungicide. It derives from a 2-aminobenzimidazole. it is a broad-spectrum benzimidazole antifungal with potential antimitotic and antineoplastic activities. Although the exact mechanism of action is unclear, it appears to binds to an unspecified site on tubulin and suppresses microtubule assembly dynamic. This results in cell cycle arrest at the G2/M phase and an induction of apoptosis. 
2, 4, 6-Trimethoxybenzophenone, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzophenones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone attached to two phenyl groups. 2, 4, 6-Trimethoxybenzophenone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 4, 6-trimethoxybenzophenone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 4, 6-trimethoxybenzophenone can be found in garden tomato. This makes 2, 4, 6-trimethoxybenzophenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as dimethyl-heptane or 2-methyl octane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, isononane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, isononane can be found in alcoholic beverages, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes isononane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester obtained from the formal condensation of methanol and palmitoleic acid. It derives from a palmitoleic acid. 
2-O-acetyl-1-O-octadecyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a 2-acetyl-1-alkyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine betaine which has octadecyl as the alkyl group. PAF is a potent phospholipid activator and mediator of many leukocyte functions, including platelet aggregation, inflammation, and anaphylaxis. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a beta-adrenergic antagonist, a hematologic agent, a vasodilator agent and a bronchoconstrictor agent. 
it is a steroid that consists of androstane having double bonds at positions 1 and 4, two keto groups at positions 3 and 17 and a hydroxy group at position 9. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a 9-hydroxy steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is glycolic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the 2-hydroxy group is replaced by a 1-benzyl-1H-indazol-3-yl group. Although it has anti-inflammatory, antinecrotic, choleretic and antilipidaemic properties and has been used for the treatment of various inflammatory skin disorders, its principal effect is to inhibit the denaturation of proteins. Its lysine salt is used in the management of cataracts. It has a role as a radical scavenger and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a member of indazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadecanoic acid with the thiol group of coenzyme A. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA, a palmitoyl bioconjugate, an 11,12-saturated fatty acyl-CoA and a 3-substituted propionyl-CoA. It derives from a coenzyme A, a hexadecanoic acid and a hexadecanoate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-cysteine residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-cysteine. 
it is a nicotinic acid dinucleotide that is NADP(+) in which the carboxamide group on the pyridine ring is replaced by a carboxy group. It has a role as a calcium channel agonist, a signalling molecule and a metabolite. It derives from a NADP(+). It is a conjugate acid of a nicotinate-adenine dinucleotide phosphate(4-). 
it is a broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Ammonium citrate is a white granular solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in pharmaceuticals, and in chemical analysis. it is a citrate salt in which two of the three carboxy groups are deprotonated and associated with ammonium ions as counter-cations. It has a role as a buffer. It is an ammonium salt and a citrate salt. 
it is an organosulfinic acid that is benzenesulfinic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a 2-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a member of hydroxybiphenyls and an organosulfinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2'-hydroxybiphenyl-2-sulfinate. 
it is the (-)-enantiomer of usnic acid. It has a role as an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a it. 
it is an N-carbamoyl-L-alpha-amino acid anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy groups of N-carbamoyl-L-aspartic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N-carbamoyl-L-aspartic acid. 
it is a butane-1,3-diol of S-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-butane-1,3-diol. It derives from a hydride of a butane. 
N(omega),N'(omega)-dimethyl-L-arginine is a L-arginine derivative having two methyl groups at the N(omega)- and N'(omega)-positions It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a member of guanidines, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a L-arginine derivative and a dimethylarginine. It is a tautomer of a N(omega),N'(omega)-dimethyl-L-arginine zwitterion. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the sodium salt of pravastatin. A reversible inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA), it is used for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease. It is one of the lower potency statins, but has the advantage of fewer side effects compared with lovastatin and simvastatin. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug. It is an organic sodium salt and a statin (semi-synthetic). It contains a pravastatin(1-). it is the sodium salt of pravastatin with cholesterol-lowering and potential antineoplastic activities. Pravastatin competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses by suppressing MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. In addition, pravastatin, like other statins, exhibits pro-apoptotic, growth inhibitory, and pro-differentiation activities in a variety of tumor cells; these antineoplastic activities may be due, in part, to inhibition of the isoprenylation of Ras and Rho GTPases and related signaling cascades. 
it, also known as 1-it or 1-mercapto-2-methylpropane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a cooked, mustard, and vegetable tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, guava, and milk and milk products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an alpha-amino acid anion that is the conjugate base of citrulline, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a citrulline. 
A quinolizidine alkaloid isolated from several FABACEAE including LUPINUS; SPARTIUM; and CYTISUS. It has been used as an oxytocic and an anti-arrhythmia agent. It has also been of interest as an indicator of CYP2D6 genotype. 
it is a member of the class of prostaglandins J that consists of prosta-5,9,13-trien-1-oic acid substituted by an oxo group at position 11 and a hydroxy group at position 15 (the 5Z,13E,15S stereoisomer). It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a prostaglandin D2. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an oxopurine that is 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione substituted by methyl groups at N-1 and N-7. It is a metabolite of caffeine and is often found in human urine samples. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,7-dimethylurate anion. 
it, also known as L-b-aspartyl-p or 4-phospho-L-aspartate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aspartic acid and derivatives. Aspartic acid and derivatives are compounds containing an aspartic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of aspartic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as black cabbage, sour cherry, common walnut, and arctic blackberry. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxycyclohexanones that is cyclohexanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3 and 4, and by a hydroxymethyl group at position 5 (the 2R,3S,4R,5R-diastereomer). It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a cyclitol, a hydroxycyclohexanone and a tetrol. 
it, also known as alkanes, C9-13 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a labdane diterpenoid in which the labdane skeleton has double bonds at positions 8(17) and 14 and carries an S-hydroxy group at position 13. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a labdane diterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 
it appears as odorless colorless powder or white crystals. Used as a selective pre- and early post-emergence herbicide in soybeans, strawberries, various vegetable crops and ornamentals. Root- and foliage-absorbed herbicide selective in leek, celery, onion, carrot and strawberry. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a it with D configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a D-xylonate. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it is a colorless gas with a repulsive odor. It is very toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. When heated to high temperatures, it may emit toxic fluoride and tellurium fumes. It is heavier than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may violently rupture and rocket. It reacts with water to yield toxic vapors. 
(R)-malic acid is an optically active form of malic acid having (R)-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-malate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-malic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a sesquiterpene that is 1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,8a-octahydronaphthalene which is substituted at positions 1, 4 and 7 respetively by isopropyl, methylene and methyl groups (the 1S,4aS,8aR-diastereoisomer). It is a sesquiterpene, a carbobicyclic compound and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
Nonene appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sharp odor. Flash point 75Â°F. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. May irritate skin on contact. Inhalation of vapors may cause irritation. Prolonged inhalation may lead to breathing difficulty. Ingestion causes abdominal discomfort, nausea and diarrhea. 
it is a forty-four membered polypeptide consisting of L-His, Gly, L-Glu, Gly, L-Thr, L-Phe, L-Thr, L-Ser, L-Asp, L-Leu, L-Ser, L-Lys, L-Gln, L-Met, L-Glu, L-Glu, L-Glu, L-Ala, L-Val, L-Arg, L-Leu, L-Phe, L-Ile, L-Glu, L-Trp, L-Leu, L-Lys, L-Asn, Gly, Gly, LPro, L-Ser, L-Ser, Gly, L-Ala, L-Pro, L-Pro, L-Ser, L-Lys, L-Lys, L-Lys, L-Lys, L-Lys, and L-Lys-NH2 residues joined in sequence. Used as an adjunct to diet and exercise for the treatment of adults with type II diabetes. It has a role as a glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist, a hypoglycemic agent and a neuroprotective agent. It is a polypeptide and a peptidyl amide. 
it appears as a water-white liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Density 0.736 g / cm3 and flash point 35Â°F (Aldrich). Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. it is a secondary aliphatic amine having methyl and n-butyl as the two alkyl groups. 
it is a glycosyloxyflavone that is 3,5,7-trihydroxy-4'-methoxy-8-prenylflavone in which the hydroxy group at position 3 has been converted into its alpha-L-rhamnopyranoside. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It derives from an alpha-L-rhamnopyranose. 
Trimethyltin is an organotin compound that consists of stannane in which three of the four hydrogens are substituted by methyl groups. It has a role as a neurotoxin. It derives from a hydride of a stannane. 
it is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is 4-chloro-1,3-benzothiazol-2(3H)-one which is substituted on the nitrogen by a carboxymethyl group and at position 4 by chlorine. A post-emergence herbicide used (generally as a salt or ester) for the control of annual weeds in wheat and oilseed rape. It is not approved for use with the European Union. It has a role as a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. It is a member of benzothiazoles, a monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine pesticide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a methyluridine that consists of uridine bearing a single methyl substituent located at position O-2' on the ribose ring. 
it is a steroid ester resulting from the formal condensation of the 17-hydroxy function of fluorometholone with acetic acid. Used in the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the eye. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a steroid ester, a glucocorticoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, an acetate ester and a fluorinated steroid. It derives from a Delta(1)-progesterone and a fluorometholone. it is the acetate salt form of fluorometholone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic properties. it exerts its effect by interacting with cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
it is an azo dye with a structure consisting of nitrobenzene substituted on the 4-position of the phenyl group with a 4-[N-ethyl-N-(2-hydroxyethyl)]phenylazo group. It has a role as a dye and an allergen. It is a monoazo compound and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from an azobenzene. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-methyl-2-propyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5-methyl-2-propyloxazole can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 5-methyl-2-propyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of apraclonidine. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist and an antiglaucoma drug. It contains an apraclonidine. it is the hydrochloride salt form of apraclonidine, a clonidine derivative with selective alpha-2-adrenergic agonistic property. When administered directly to eyes, it enhances aqueous humor outflow and decreases aqueous production by vasoconstriction. It is used mostly in ophthalmic preparations for decreasing intraocular pressure. 
it is a D-fucopyranose having alpha-configuration at its anomeric centre. It has a role as an allergen. It is an enantiomer of an alpha-L-fucose. 
it is a dibenzoazepine that is 5H-dibenzo[b,f]azepine substituted by a 3-(dimethylamino)propyl group at the nitrogen atom. It has a role as an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor and an antidepressant. It derives from a hydride of a 5H-dibenzo[b,f]azepine. it is a synthetic tricyclic derivative, antidepressant it enhances monoamine neurotransmission in certain areas of the brain. It also induces sedation through histamine 1 receptor blockage; hypotension through beta-adrenergic blockage; and diverse parasympatholytic effects. it has less sedative effect than other members of its therapeutic family. It is used in major depression, dysthymia, bipolar depression, attention-deficit disorders, agoraphobia, and panic disorders. (NCI04) 
it is the calcium salt form of doxycycline exhibiting antimicrobial activity. Doxycycline blocks binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. (NCI) 
it is a disaccharide that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 6 has been converted into the corresponding alpha-L-arabinopyranoside. It derives from a beta-D-glucose and an alpha-L-arabinopyranose. 
it is an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of 3-methylbut-2-enoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acyl-CoA, a methyl-branched fatty acyl-CoA, a 2-enoyl-CoA and a monounsaturated fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a but-2-enoyl-CoA and a 3-methylbut-2-enoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a chloroindole that is 3-chloro-1H-indole substituted by a [(4-sulfamoylphenyl)sulfonyl]nitrilo group at position 7. It is a carbonic anhydrase inhbitor and a potential anti-cancer agent currently in clinical development. It has a role as an EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a chloroindole, a sulfonamide and an organochlorine compound. it is a novel sulfonamide compound with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits cyclin-dependent kinases (CDK), which regulate cell cycle progression and are usually over-expressed in cancerous cells. Inhibition of CDK results in G1/S phase arrest of the cell cycle, and may lead to induction of apoptosis and inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. In addition, it also inhibits carbonic anhydrases (CA), especially isoforms IX and XII that are involved in aqueous humor production and are highly overexpressed in some types of cancers. Inhibition of CA IX and XII results in interference with ion exchange and pH in hypoxic tumor tissue and preventing chemoresistance to weakly basic antineoplastic agents. 
it is a terpene ketone in which an (E,E)-farnesyl group is bonded to one of the alpha-methyls of acetone. It has a role as a hormone and a metabolite. It contains a 2-trans,6-trans-farnesyl group. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of phosphorous acid. It is a phosphite ion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a phosphorous acid. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenphosphite. 
it, marketed by GlaxoSmithKline as the ointment it, is an antibiotic for skin infections like impetigo. It was approved by the FDA in April 2007. 
it is a phosphonic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the phosphorus of phosphonic acid is substituted by a 2-aminoethyl group. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phosphonic acids and a primary amino compound. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a hydrocarbon odor. Usually found as a technical grade consisting of a mixture of isomers. Insoluble in water. Used as a solvent in organic synthesis and as a polymerization inhibitor. 
it is a member of the class of phenanthrolines that is 4,7-diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline carrying two additional sulfo substituents at positions 4' and 4'' It has a role as an iron chelator. It is a member of phenanthrolines and an arenesulfonic acid. It derives from a hydride of a 4,7-diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanones. Furanones are compounds containing a furan ring bearing a ketone group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the conjugate base of guanosine 3',5'-cyclic phosphate arising from deprotonation of the free phosphate OH group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3',5'-cyclic GMP. 
This amino acid is formed during the urea cycle from citrulline, aspartate and ATP. This reaction is catalyzed by it synthetase. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Slightly denser than water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a cyclic acetal that is pentane in which the carbon atoms at positions 1 and 3 are replaced by oxygen atoms respectively. It is a dioxolane and a cyclic acetal. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
2-Methylcrotonoyl-CoA(4-), also known as (e)-2-methylcrotonoyl-CoA or tiglyl-coenzyme A, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. 2-Methylcrotonoyl-CoA(4-) is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Methylcrotonoyl-CoA(4-) has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methylcrotonoyl-CoA(4-) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-methylcrotonoyl-CoA(4-) can be found in a number of food items such as pak choy, other bread, cascade huckleberry, and soy bean. This makes 2-methylcrotonoyl-CoA(4-) a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo steroid, a 17-oxo steroid and an androstanoid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
3-(6, 7-Dimethoxy-2H-1, 3-benzodioxol-5-yl)prop-2-en-1-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamyl alcohols. These are aromatic alcohols containing a 3-phenylprop-2-en-1-ol moiety. 3-(6, 7-Dimethoxy-2H-1, 3-benzodioxol-5-yl)prop-2-en-1-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines carrying 2-fluoro-4-methyl-5-hydroxyanilino and benzyloxy substituents at positions 4 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a benzyl ether, an aromatic ether, a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound, a substituted aniline, a halophenol, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organic cation and a fluorophenol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an alpha-tocopherol ester of all trans-retinoic acid (ATRA or tretinoin), with skin healing, differentiation inducing and anti-leukemia activities. By stimulating the formation of tissue granulation and wound healing, it promotes the healing of skin ulcers. In addition, this agent induces the granulocytic differentiation of human leukemia cells and inhibits cellular proliferation. Tretinoin tocoferil does not induce teratogenesis and is less toxic than ATRA. 
it appears as colorless odorless crystals. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. it is a pyridazinone that is pyridazin-3(2H)-one which is substituted at positions 2, 4, and 5 by m-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl, chloro, and methylamino groups, respectively. A pre-emergence herbicide used to control grasses and broad-leafed weeds in a variety of crops. Not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a pyridazinone, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an organochlorine compound and a secondary amino compound. 
Cocaine is a benzoid acid ester that that was originally used as a local anesthetic, but is no longer used because of its potent addictive qualities. When given in high doses systemically, cocaine has mood elevating effects that have led to its widescale abuse. High doses of cocaine can be associated with toxic reactions including hyperthermia, rhabdomyolysis, shock and acute liver injury which can be severe and even fatal. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzothiazepines. These are organic compounds containing a benzene fused to a thiazepine ring (a seven-membered ring with a nitrogen atom and a sulfur atom replacing two carbon atoms). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the acetate ester of octan-1-ol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an octan-1-ol. 
it is an arsine oxide derived from phenylarsine. It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. 
Hydroxyprogesterone derivative that acts as a PROGESTIN and is used to reduce the risk of recurrent MISCARRIAGE and of PREMATURE BIRTH. It is also used in combination with ESTROGEN in the management of MENSTRUATION DISORDERS. 
it is a thujene that has a bicyclo[3.1.0]hex-2-ene skeleton which is substituted at positions 2 and 5 by methyl and isopropyl groups, respectively. 
it is a peptide agonist of the gonadotropin releasing hormone-1 receptor (GnRH-1R) that is conjugated to the anthracycline antibiotic doxorubicin with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to GnRH-1Rs, which may be highly expressed on endometrial and ovarian tumor cell membrane surfaces, and is internalized. Once inside the cell, the doxorubicin moiety of this agent intercalates into DNA and inhibits the topoisomerase II activity, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell DNA replication and tumor cell proliferation. 
A class of plant growth hormone isolated from cultures of Gibberella fujikuroi, a fungus causing Bakanae disease in rice. There are many different members of the family as well as mixtures of multiple members; all are diterpenoid acids based on the gibberellane skeleton. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion in which the nitrogen is substituted with three methyl groups and a 2-acetoxypropyl group. Parasympathomimetic bronchoconstrictor drug used in clinical diagnosis. It has a role as a muscarinic agonist, a bronchoconstrictor agent, an epitope, a cholinergic agonist and a vasodilator agent. It is a quaternary ammonium ion and an acetate ester. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it has been used in trials studying the prevention and basic science of Japanese, Caucasian, Thromboembolism, Pharmacodynamics, and Pharmacokinetics, among others. it is an orally active inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. it is extensively metabolized in the liver to its active metabolite and is excreted by the kidneys and in the feces. 
2,2&#39;-dichlorodiethyl ether appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweet pleasant or nauseating odor. Flash point 131Â°F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Used in cleaning compounds, paints, textile finishing, and as a general solvent. 
Coreximine, also known as it or coramine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as protoberberine alkaloids and derivatives. These are alkaloids with a structure based on a protoberberine moiety, which consists of a 5, 6-dihydrodibenzene moiety fused to a quinolizinium and forming 5, 6-Dihydrodibenzo(a, g)quinolizinium skeleton. Coreximine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, coreximine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, coreximine can be found in soursop. This makes coreximine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an ultra-long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is triacontane in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a fatty alcohol 30:0 and an ultra-long-chain primary fatty alcohol. 
it is a macrocyclic lactone isolated from the bryozoan Bugula neritina with antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the cell-signaling enzyme protein kinase C, resulting in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, the promotion of tumor cell differentiation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. This agent may act synergistically with other chemotherapeutic agents. (NCI04) 
Polymyxin B1 is a polymyxin having a (6R)-6-methyloctanoyl group at the amino terminus. Polymyxin B is a mixture of the polypeptides polymyxins B1 and B2, both obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains, with antimicrobial activity. Polymyxin B exerts its antimicrobial effect through its cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Specifically, this antibiotic binds to the negatively charged site in the lipopolysaccharide layer of the bacterial cell membrane via electrostatic affinity with the positively charged amino groups in the cyclic peptide portion. Subsequently, the fatty acid portion of polymyxin B dissolves in the hydrophobic region of the bacterial cell membrane. This results in an alteration in cell membrane structure, disruption of cell wall integrity and an increase in permeability for water and molecules. This will eventually lead to bacterial cell death. Polymyxin B1 is a polypeptide obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains with antimicrobial activity. Polymyxin B1 exerts its antimicrobial effect through its cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Specifically, this antibiotic binds to the negatively charged site in the lipopolysaccharide layer of the bacterial cell membrane via electrostatic affinity with the positively charged amino groups in the cyclic peptide portion. Subsequently, the fatty acid portion of polymyxin B1 dissolves in the hydrophobic region of the bacterial cell membrane. This results in an alteration in cell membrane structure, disruption of cell wall integrity and an increase in permeability for water and molecules. This will eventually lead to bacterial cell death. 
it is an isochromane that is 3,4-dihydroisocoumarin bearing methyl and hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 8 respectively. It derives from an isocoumarin. 
it is the L-enantiomer of glucitol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a D-glucitol. 
Parillin, also known as sarsasaponin or smilacin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Parillin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Parillin has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, parillin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, parillin can be found in herbs and spices. This makes parillin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a quinoline derivative used for the prevention and therapy of P. falciparum malaria. it therapy is associated with a low rate of transient and asymptomatic serum enzyme elevations and is a rare cause of clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a quinolinemethanol derivative with antimalarial, anti-inflammatory, and potential chemosensitization and radiosensitization activities. Although the exact mechanism remains to be elucidated, it, a weak base, preferentially accumulates in lysosomes and disrupts lysosomal function and integrity, thereby leading to host cell death. Similar to chloroquine, the chemosensitizing and radiosensitizing activities of this agent may be related to its inhibition of autophagocytosis, a cellular mechanism involving lysosomal degradation that minimizes the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) related to tumor reoxygenation and tumor exposure to chemotherapeutic agents and radiation. Compared to chloroquine, it has better blood-brain-barrier (BBB) penetration. 
it, also known as it or fema 3394, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a caramel, citrus, and earthy tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, coffee and coffee products, fishes, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Kaempferol 3-O-beta-D-galactoside is a beta-D-galactoside compound with a 4',5,7-trihydroxychromen-3-yl group at the anomeric position. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a beta-D-galactoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a glycosyloxyflavone and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from a kaempferol. It is a conjugate acid of a kaempferol 3-O-beta-D-galactoside(1-). 
it is a white crystalline or irregularly flaked solid. It has a very faint mercaptan-type odor. It is not soluble in water. It can cause slight irritation to the eye and skin. it is an organic thiophosphate that is O,O-diethyl hydrogen phosphorothioate in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a 3,5,6-trichloropyridin-2-yl group. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an acaricide and an insecticide. It is an organic thiophosphate and a chloropyridine. 
it is a solid in the hydrated form or a colorless liquid with a strong ammonia-like odor. It is soluble in water. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a tetracycline analogue having a dimethylamino group at position 7 and lacking the methyl and hydroxy groups at position 5. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a member of tetracyclines, a tetracenomycin and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 7, 8 and 3' and hydroxy groups at positions 5, 6 and 4'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trimethoxyflavone and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
Sit is a structurally unique anticonvulsant that has been introduced as adjuvant therapy of Dravet syndrome, a rare form of severe childhood epilepsy. There is limited information on the safety of sit, but it has not been associated with serum aminotransferase elevations or linked to cases of clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is catechol substituted at positions 3, 4 and 5 (4, 5 and 6) with methyl groups and at position 6 (3) with a pentadecyl group. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. 
it, also known as aks-bbb/661 or fema 2868, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-hydroxybenzoic acid esters. These are benzoic acid esters where the benzene ring is ortho-substituted with a hydroxy group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a balsamic, carnation, and floral taste. 
Penicillin G and V are first generation penicillins that are used widely to treat infections due to susceptible organisms and have been linked rarely and only weakly with idiosyncratic liver injury. 
it is a branched amino hexasaccharide, which is a constituent of human breast milk. It is an amino hexasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is a hydroxypolyether phosphate consisting of hexaethylene glycol carrying a single O-phospho group. It derives from a hexaethylene glycol. 
it is a phosphonic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the phosphorus of phosphonic acid is substituted by a 3-aminopropyl group. It is a partial agonist of GABAB receptors. It has a role as a GABAB receptor agonist. It is a primary amino compound and a member of phosphonic acids. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of acrylamides that is (3R)-3-[4-amino-3-(4-phenoxyphenyl)pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-1-yl]piperidine in which the piperidine nitrogen is replaced by an acryloyl group. A selective and covalent inhibitor of the enzyme Bruton's tyrosine kinase, it is used for treatment of B-cell malignancies. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyrazolopyrimidine, an aromatic amine, an aromatic ether, a member of acrylamides, a N-acylpiperidine and a tertiary carboxamide. it is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule inhibitor of Bruton's tyrosine kinase (BTK) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to and irreversibly inhibits BTK activity, thereby preventing both B-cell activation and B-cell-mediated signaling. This leads to an inhibition of the growth of malignant B cells that overexpress BTK. BTK, a member of the src-related BTK/Tec family of cytoplasmic tyrosine kinases, is required for B cell receptor signaling, plays a key role in B-cell maturation, and is overexpressed in a number of B-cell malignancies. The expression of BTK in tumor cells is also associated with increased proliferation and survival. 
it is a dimethoxyflavone that is the 5,7-dimethyl ether derivative of chrysin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a chrysin. 
A 21-amino acid peptide produced in a variety of tissues including endothelial and vascular smooth-muscle cells, neurons and astrocytes in the central nervous system, and endometrial cells. It acts as a modulator of vasomotor tone, cell proliferation, and hormone production. (N Eng J Med 1995;333(6):356-63) 
it is a cholestanoid consisting of a cholesterol core having an oxo group at the 3-position, a C=C bond at the 4,5-position and an alpha-hydroxy group at the 7-position. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a cholestanoid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Rubber particle is a polymer consisting of cis-linked prenyl units. It contains a cis-1,4-polyisoprene. 
it is an essential nutrient and natural water-soluble vitamin of the B-complex family that must combine with an intrinsic factor for absorption by the intestine, Vitamin B12 (cyanoit) is necessary for hematopoiesis, neural metabolism, DNA and RNA production, and carbohydrate, fat, and protein metabolism. B12 improves iron functions in the metabolic cycle and assists folic acid in choline synthesis. B12 metabolism is interconnected with that of folic acid. Vitamin B12 deficiency causes pernicious anemia, megaloblastic anemia, and neurologic lesions. 
it is a member of the class of hopanoids that is bacteriohopane-30,31,32,33,34-pentol carrying additional methyl and amino substituents at positions 3 and 35 respectively. Isolated from Methylococcus capsulatus. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a hopanoid, a primary amino compound and a pentol. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder. Odorless. Bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a dimethylxanthine having the two methyl groups located at positions 1 and 3. It is structurally similar to caffeine and is found in green and black tea. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a bronchodilator agent, a muscle relaxant, an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor, an anti-asthmatic drug, an anti-inflammatory agent, an immunomodulator, an adenosine receptor antagonist, a drug metabolite, a fungal metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. it is a natural alkaloid derivative of xanthine isolated from the plants Camellia sinensis and Coffea arabica. it appears to inhibit phosphodiesterase and prostaglandin production, regulate calcium flux and intracellular calcium distribution, and antagonize adenosine. Physiologically, this agent relaxes bronchial smooth muscle, produces vasodilation (except in cerebral vessels), stimulates the CNS, stimulates cardiac muscle, induces diuresis, and increases gastric acid secretion; it may also suppress inflammation and improve contractility of the diaphragm. (NCI04) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03547115 (A Phase 1 Study of it in Subjects With B-Cell Malignancies or AML). it is a cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it selectively inhibits cyclin-dependent kinase 4 (CDK4) and 6 (CDK6). This inhibits retinoblastoma (Rb) protein phosphorylation early in the G1 phase, which prevents CDK-mediated G1-S phase transition and leads to cell cycle arrest. This suppresses DNA replication and decreases tumor cell proliferation. CDK4 and 6 are serine/threonine kinases that are upregulated in many tumor cell types and play a key role in the regulation of cell cycle progression. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis C, Chronic. it is a non-nucleoside, polymerase inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) nonstructural protein 5B (NS5B), a RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, with potential activity against HCV. Upon administration and after intracellular uptake, beclabuvir allosterically binds to the non-catalytic Thumb 1 site of viral HCV NS5B polymerase and causes a decrease in viral RNA synthesis and replication. The HCV NS5B protein is essential for the replication of the viral HCV RNA genome. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family. 
it is a pterin derivative that is an aspartyl derivative of sarcinapterin with a 7-proton instead of a 7-methyl group in the methanopterin moiety. It derives from a sarcinapterin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is a member of the class of benzamides resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of the pyridin-3-ylmethyl carbamate derivative of p-(aminomethyl)benzoic acid with one of the amino groups of benzene-1,2-diamine. It is an inhibitor of histone deacetylase isoform 1 (HDAC1) and isoform 3 (HDAC3). It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of pyridines, a carbamate ester, a substituted aniline, a primary amino compound and a member of benzamides. It derives from a 1,2-phenylenediamine. it is a synthetic benzamide derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits histone deacetylase, an enzyme that regulates chromatin structure and gene transcription. This agent appears to exert dose-dependent effects in human leukemia cells including cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1A (p21/CIP1/WAF1)-dependent growth arrest and differentiation at low drug concentrations; a marked induction of reactive oxygen species (ROS); mitochondrial damage; caspase activation; and, at higher concentrations, apoptosis. In normal cells, cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1A expression has been associated with cell-cycle exit and differentiation. 
Romidepsin is an intravenously administered histone deacetylase inhibitor and antineoplastic agent that is approved for use in refractory or relapsed cutaneous and peripheral T cell lymphomas. Romidepsin is associated with modest rate of minor serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been linked to cases of clinically apparent liver injury, although it has been reported to cause reactivation of hepatitis B. 
it is a member of the class of furans that is 5-methyl-2,3-dihydrofuran with a hydroxy group at position 4 and a keto group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of furans, an enol and a cyclic ketone. It derives from a 5-methyl-2,3-dihydrofuran. 
it, previously called bis-POM PMEA, with trade names it and it, is an orally-administered acyclic nucleotide analog reverse transcriptase inhibitor (ntRTI) used for treatment of hepatitis B. It is ineffective against HIV-1. it is the diester prodrug of adefovir. it is a dipivoxil formulation of adefovir, a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of adenosine with activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV), herpes virus, and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 2-hydroxy-4-methylpentanoic acid. Derived from the metabolism of the branched-chain amino acids, it belongs to the 2-hydroxycarboxylic acid group of amino acid metabolites. It is a 2-hydroxy-4-methylvaleric acid and a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-2-hydroxy-4-methylpentanoic acid. 
it is a colorless solid, solid and solutions have a slight blue fluorescence. Used in biochemical research. (EPA, 1998) it is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene consisting of four fused benzene rings, resulting in a flat aromatic system. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. it is a parent class of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons containing four fused rings. (IUPAC 1998) 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is estrane containing a double bond between positions 4 and 5 and substituted by an ethyl group and a hydroxy group at the 17alpha and 17beta positions, respectively. It is an anabolic steroid that has little androgenic effect and only slight progestational activity. It has been used to promote growth in boys with delayed bone growth. It has a role as an anabolic agent. It is a tertiary alcohol and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is quercetagetin methylated at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant, an analgesic, an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor and a lipoxygenase inhibitor. It is a member of flavonols, a pentahydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetagetin. 
3alpha-hydroxy-5beta-androstan-17-one 3-glucosiduronic acid is a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 3alpha-hydroxy-5beta-androstan-17-one. 
Cocarboxylase, also known as berolase, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiamine phosphates. These are thiamine derivatives in which the hydroxyl group of the ethanol moiety is substituted by a phosphate group. Within the cell, cocarboxylase is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. Cocarboxylase exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
Alpha-(methylamino)isobutyric acid is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is isobutyric acid in which the alpha-hydrogen has been replaced by a methylamino group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is an alanine derivative, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an isobutyric acid. 
it is a nereistoxin analogue insecticide that is 2-(dimethylamino)propane-1,3-dithiol with both sulfhydryls bearing sulfate groups. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Fumonisin b1, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fumonisins. These are diesters of propane-1, 2, 3-tricarboxylic acid (TCA) and similar long-chain aminopolyol backbones (for FB1: 2S-amino-12S, 16R-dimethyl-3S, 5R, 10R, 14S, 15R-pentahydroxyeicosane). Structurally, fumonisins resemble the sphingoid bases sphinganine (SA) and sphingosine (SO) to which TCA groups have been added at the C-14 and C-15 positions. Fumonisin b1 is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, fumonisin B1 is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Fumonisin b1 is formally rated as a possible carcinogen (by IARC 2B) and is also a potentially toxic compound. 
it is an oxoaporphine alkaloid that is 4,5,6,6a-tetradehydronoraporphin-7-one substituted by a methylenedioxy group across positions 1 and 2. It is isolated from Annona glabra and has been shown to exhibit antimicrobial and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It is a cyclic ketone, an oxacycle, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an alkaloid antibiotic and an oxoaporphine alkaloid. It derives from an aporphine. 
it is a member of the class of piperidines that is the 4-acetyl-2-methoxyphenyl ether of 3-(piperidin-1-yl)propan-1-ol which is substituted at position 4 of the piperidine ring by a 6-fluoro-1,2-benzoxazol-3-yl group. A member of the group of second generation antipsychotics (also known as an atypical antipsychotics), it is used for the treatment of schizophrenia. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist and a second generation antipsychotic. It is a monoamine, an organofluorine compound, a tertiary amino compound, a methyl ketone, a member of 1,2-benzoxazoles, a member of piperidines, an aromatic ether and an aromatic ketone. 
it appears as odorless white rhomboid prisms or a dense white powder. Density 6.77 g / cm3. Melting point 1170Â°F (632Â°C). Extremely toxic by ingestion. Very toxic by skin absorption and ingestion. A slow acting cumulative poison. Used as a rat poison, and an ant bait. Also used for analysis (testing for iodine in the presence of chlorine) and ozonometry. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1H-imidazole in which the hydrogen attached to a nitrogen is replaced by a monochlorotrityl group. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of imidazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a conazole antifungal drug and an imidazole antifungal drug. it is a synthetic, imidazole derivate with broad-spectrum, antifungal activity. it inhibits biosynthesis of sterols, particularly ergosterol, an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, thereby damaging and affecting the permeability of the cell membrane. This results in leakage and loss of essential intracellular compounds, and eventually causes cell lysis. 
it is a polyglutamatable folate antagonist analogue of methotrexate with antineoplastic activity. it inhibits dihydrofolate reductase, thereby increasing cellular levels of polyglutamates, inhibiting thymidylate synthase and glycinamide ribonucleotide formyl transferase, impairing synthesis of purine nucleotides and amino acids, and resulting in tumor cell death. it may overcome tumor resistance to methotrexate, which loses its activity after it is polyglutamated. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it or 5-methoxyindol-6-yl D-glucosiduronic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenolic glycosides. These are organic compounds containing a phenolic structure attached to a glycosyl moiety. Some examples of phenolic structures include lignans, and flavonoids. Among the sugar units found in natural glycosides are D-glucose, L-Fructose, and L rhamnose. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a member of the class of thiazolidines that is (4R)-3-methyl-1,3-thiazolidine-4-carboxylic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a (4R)-2-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,3-thiazol-4-yl group. A siderophore that is produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa (via condensation of salicylic acid and two molecules of cysteine) as a mixture of two easily interconvertible diastereoisomers, it I (major) and it II (minor). The enantiomeric compounds, enant-it, are produced by Pseudomonas fluorescens. It has a role as a siderophore and a metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of thiazolidines. 
A peptide hormone that lowers calcium concentration in the blood. In humans, it is released by thyroid cells and acts to decrease the formation and absorptive activity of osteoclasts. Its role in regulating plasma calcium is much greater in children and in certain diseases than in normal adults. 
it appears as fine beige crystals or white powder. Odor of chlorine. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid that is pyridine-2-carboxylic acid which is substituted by a chloro group at positions 3,5 and 6, and by an amino group at position 4. It is a systemic herbicide used to control deeply rooted herbaceous weeds and woody plants in rights-of-way, forestry, range lands, pastures, and small grain crops. It has a role as a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. It is an aminopyridine, a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid, a chloropyridine and an organochlorine pesticide. It derives from a picolinic acid. 
it is a TDP sugar having 4-dehydro-6-deoxy-D-galactose as the sugar fragment. It derives from a dTDP-D-galactose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a strong disagreeable odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Flash point near 50Â°F. 
it appears as white to yellowish crystals or mostly yellow flaky solid (with some white flakes). Has a floral-honey odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a methylbenzoic acid carrying a methyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a m-toluate. 
it is an N-acyl-amino acid resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of arachidonic acid with the amino group of L-serine. It is an endocannabinoid-like lipid isolated from bovine brains. It has a role as a cannabinoid receptor agonist, a vasodilator agent, a pro-angiogenic agent, a neuroprotective agent and a mammalian metabolite. It derives from an arachidonic acid and a L-serine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a broad-spectrum, fifth-generation, pyrrolidinone cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxyoctanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid anion and a hydroxyoctanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxyoctanoic acid. 
it is an amino cyclitol consisting of scyllo-inositol with the hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 3 replaced by unsubstituted amino groups and that at position 2 replaced by hydrogen. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It derives from a streptamine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
The serotonin type 3 (5-HT3) receptor antagonists are potent antiemetics used for prevention of postsurgical or chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting and for some agents as therapy of diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome. The 5-HT3 receptor antagonists are associated with a low rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but have been only rarely implicated in cases of clinically apparent liver injury. it is an indole derivative and a potent serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist with anti-emetic property. it blocks the activity of serotonin released from the enterochromaffin cells of the small intestine by selectively inhibiting and inactivating 5-HT3 receptors located on the nerve terminals of the vagus nerve in the periphery and centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. This results in suppression of signalling to trigger chemo- and radiotherapy induced nausea and vomiting. 
it, also known as fema 3794 or sclareolide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthofurans. Naphthofurans are compounds containing a furan ring fused to a naphthalene moiety. Furan is a 5 membered- ring aromatic ring with four carbon and one oxygen atoms. Naphthalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon made up of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ite is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is an ambergris, dry, and labdanum tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes ite a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Myelofibrosis, Multiple Myeloma, Myeloid Metaplasia, and Advanced Solid Tumors, among others. 
Scopolamine as a natural plant alkaloid that has potent anticholinergic effects and is used to treat mild to moderate nausea, motion sickness and allergic rhinitis. Scopolamine has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Scopolamine is a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is the N-(p-nitrophenylphosphobutyryl) derivative of glycine; a cognate transition state analogue of the esterase-like catalytic antibody D2.3. It has a role as an epitope. It is a C-nitro compound, a phosphonic ester and a N-acylglycine. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-asparagine and L-glutamine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-glutamine. 
it is an antiinfective agent with activity against several parasitic nematodes and scabies and is the treatment of choice for onchocerciasis (river blindness). It is typically given as one or two oral doses. it therapy has been associated with minor, self-limiting serum aminotransferase elevations and very rare instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is an orally bioavailable macrocyclic lactone derived from Streptomyces avermitilis, with antiparasitic and potential anti-viral activities. Upon administration, it exerts its anthelmintic effect through binding and activating glutamate-gated chloride channels (GluCls) expressed on nematode neurons and pharyngeal muscle cells. This causes increased permeability of chloride ions, causing a state of hyperpolarization and results in the paralysis and death of the parasite. it may exerts its antiviral effect, including its potential activity against severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2), by binding to the importin (IMP) alpha/beta1 heterodimer, which is responsible for the nuclear import of viral proteins such as the integrase (IN) protein. This inhibits nuclear import of host and viral proteins and may inhibit viral replication. 
it is a benzazepine. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, a vasodilator agent, an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a dopamine agonist and an antihypertensive agent. it is a benzazepine derivative with vasodilatory and antihypertensive properties. it, a dopamine (DA) receptor agonist, binds specifically to peripheral DA1 receptors and to alpha-2 adrenoceptors with moderate affinity. However, this agent exhibits no significant affinity to DA2, other alpha adrenergic, beta adrenergic, muscarinic, or serotonergic receptors. Receptor binding modulates the transmembrane flux of ions, thereby stimulating adenylate cyclase activity, as well as the release of prolactin. This results in vasodilatation, increased renal blood flow thereby enhancing natriuresis and diuresis leading to a lowering in diastolic blood pressure. 
Thioproline is a sulfur-containing amino acid that is proline in which the methylene group at position 4 is replaced by a sulfur atom. It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent, an antioxidant and an antidote. It is a sulfur-containing amino acid, a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a thioproline zwitterion. it is a cyclic sulfur amino acid derivative with potential antineoplastic and antioxidant activities. Acting on cellular membranes of malignant cells through an unknown mechanism, it may induce malignant cells to revert back to an untransformed state. This agent may also restore contact inhibition, a phenomenon characterized by the paracrine inhibition of mitosis following the formation of a critical cell mass, presumably the result of cell-to-cell signal transfer. it may also produce antioxidant effects secondary to its release of cysteine and restoration of glutathione concentrations. 
it is a cyclopropylcarboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2,2-dichloro-1-ethyl-3-methylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid with the amino group of 1-(4-chlorophenyl)ethylamine. A rice fungicide with specific action against Pyricularia oryzae. It is not highly toxic to mammals but shows a moderate level of toxicity to birds, fish and earthworms. It has a role as an EC 4.2.1.94 (scytalone dehydratase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic, a melanin synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a cyclopropylcarboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an amide fungicide. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the indole-3-acetic acid derivatives. These are compounds containing an acetic acid (or a derivative) linked to the C3 carbon atom of an indole. it is known to target interleukin-2. 
it is biphenyl substituted with nitro groups at the 2- and 2'-positions. It is a member of biphenyls and a C-nitro compound. 
it is a dihydroxyflavone that is chrysin substituted by prenyl groups at positions 6 and 8 respectively. It is a 7-hydroxyflavonol and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a chrysin. 
it is conjugate acid of 1D-myo-inositol 2-amino-2-deoxy-alpha-D-glucopyranoside arising from protonation of the nitrogen. It is a conjugate acid of a 1D-myo-inositol 2-amino-2-deoxy-alpha-D-glucopyranoside. 
it is a 3-O-(geranylgeranyl)glycerol 1-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a sn-1-O-(geranylgeranyl)glycerol 3-phosphate. 
it is a 1-O-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the acyl group is specified as lauroyl (dodecanoyl) It is a 1-O-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and a dodecanoate ester. 
it is the sulfate salt form of neomycin, a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces fradiae with antibacterial activity. Neomycin is an antibiotic complex consisting of 3 components: the two isomeric components B and C are the active components, and neomycin A is the minor component. Neomycin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, neomycin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it is an N-substituted amine that is a derivative of aniline in which one of the amino hydrogen atoms is replaced with a hydroxy substituent. 
it is the monohydrate form of creatine similar or identical to endogenous creatine produced in the liver, kidneys, and pancreas. Creatine, in phosphate form, helps supply energy to muscle cells for contraction. After intense effort, when ATP deposits are depleted, creatine phosphate donates phosphate groups toward the fast synthesis of ATP. Dietary supplementation with creatine may improve muscle wasting associated with cancer and other chronic diseases. 
it is a 4-demethoxydaunorubicin (idarubicin) analog with an aziridinyl group in position C-3' and a methylsulphonyl on position C-4', with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon intravenous administration, it alkylates guanine residues at the N7 position in the DNA major groove, resulting in DNA base pair mismatching, DNA interstrand crosslinking, the inhibition of DNA repair and synthesis, cell-cycle arrest, and apoptosis. 
it is the calcium salt form of fosamprenavir, prodrug of amprenavir, and a human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease inhibitor with antiviral property. Fosamprenavir is converted to amprenavir by cellular phosphatases in the epithelial cells of the intestine. Then amprenavir binds to the active site of HIV-1 protease, thereby preventing the proteolytic cleavage of viral Gag-Pol polypeptide into individual functional proteins, thereby leading to the formation of immature non-infectious viral particles. 
it is a tetrapeptide hydroxamate siderophore that is isolated from Streptomyces coelicolor. It has a role as a siderophore and a bacterial metabolite. It is a tetrapeptide, a hydroxamic acid and a member of formamides. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Homatropine Hydrobromide is the hydrobromide salt form of homatropine, a synthetic tertiary amine alkaloid with antimuscarinic properties. Homatropine, a competitive inhibitor of acetylcholine at the muscarinic receptor, blocks parasympathetic nerve stimulation. When applied topically to the eye, dilation of the pupil (mydriasis) and paralysis of accommodation (cycloplegia) result from the local anticholinergic effects on the ciliary muscle and iris. 
it is an odorless, white, crystalline powder. Natural aluminum oxide. Very high melting and hard. Used for polishing, grinding, and abrasive operations. An inhalation hazard when present as a dust. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of maleic acid. It has a role as an algal metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a plant metabolite. It contains a maleate(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as its. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines resulting from the formal monoacylation of guanidine with the carboxy group of 3,5-diamino-6-chloropyrazine-2-carboxylic acid. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker and a diuretic. It is a member of pyrazines, an organochlorine compound, an aromatic amine and a member of guanidines. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a synthetic pyrazine derivative with antikaliuretic and diuretic properties. it inhibits sodium channels located in the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the kidney, thereby preventing the absorption of sodium and increasing its excretion along with water, to produce naturesis. In response to the hypernatremic conditions in the kidney, the plasma membrane becomes hyperpolarized and electrochemical forces are reduced, which then prevents the excretion of potassium and hydrogen into the lumen. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leiomyoma and Clinical Trial, Phase I. it is an orally available progestin and selective progesterone receptor modulator (SPRM), with potential anti-progesterone and antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, it competitively binds to the progesterone receptor (PR) in progesterone-responsive tissue and inhibits PR-mediated gene expression. This interferes with progesterone activity in the reproductive system and may inhibit PR-mediated proliferative effects in cells overexpressing PRs. As a result, this agent may suppress ovulation and inhibit proliferation of endometrial tissue or uterine fibroid formation. 
it is an orally active epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor used in the treatment of T790M mutation positive non-small cell lung cancer. It is available under the brand name Olita made by Hanmi Pharmaceuticals. it was developed by Hanmi Pharmaceuticals and Boehringer Ingelheim. it recieved breakthrough therapy designation in the United States in December 2015 and was approved for use in Korea in May 2016. it is an orally available small molecule, mutant-selective inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits mutant forms of EGFR, thereby leading to cell death of EGFR-expressing tumor cells. As this agent is selective towards mutant forms of EGFR, its toxicity profile may be reduced as compared to non-selective EGFR inhibitors which also inhibit the EGFR wild type form. 
it is a secondary alcohol that is pentane substituted at position 3 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a pheromone and a biomarker. It is a secondary alcohol and a pentanol. It derives from a hydride of a pentane. 
it is a tetrahydroxyindolizidine alkaloid that consists of octahydroindolizine having four hydroxy substituents located at positions 1, 6, 7 and 8 (the 1S,6S,7R,8R,8aR-diastereomer). It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-HIV-1 agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and an EC 3.2.1.* (glycosidase) inhibitor. 
it is an aminonicotinic acid in which the amino group is situated at position 2 of the pyridine ring. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aminopyridine and an aminonicotinic acid. It derives from a nicotinic acid. 
it is a phenethylamine alkaloid that is 2-phenylethanamine substituted by a methyl group at the amino nitrogen and a methyl and a hydroxy group at position 2 and 1 respectively. It has a role as a nasal decongestant, a sympathomimetic agent, a vasoconstrictor agent, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of phenylethanolamines and a phenethylamine alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a (-)-itium. it is an alkaloid that is an hydroxylated form of phenethylamineand sympathomimetic amine, with potential bronchodilatory and anti-hypotensive activities. Following administration, it activates post-synaptic noradrenergic receptors. Activation of alpha-adrenergic receptors in the vasculature induces vasoconstriction, and activation of beta-adrenergic receptors in the lungs leads to bronchodilation. 
it is an acylcholine with an acyl group that is hexanoyl. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hexanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea in which the two nitrogen atoms are substituted by an ethyl group and a 2-cyano-2-(methoxyimino)acetyl group respectively. A fungicide used to control Peronosporales on a range of crops including vines, hops and potatoes. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of ureas, a nitrile, an oxime O-ether and an aliphatic nitrogen antifungal agent. 
Ecgonine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a member of the class of coumestans that is coumestan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 9, a methoxy group at position 3 and a prenyl group at position 2 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of coumestans, a polyphenol, a delta-lactone and an aromatic ether. It derives from a coumestan. 
it is the stable isotope of sulfur with relative atomic mass 31.972071. The most abundant (95.02 atom percent) isotope of naturally occurring sulfur. 
Methscopolamine Bromide is the bromide salt form of methscopolamine, a quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine with anticholinergic properties. Methscopolamine bromide exerts its effect on muscarine receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, thereby blocking the actions of acetylcholine. This leads to an inhibition of gastric secretions and gastrointestinal motility. 
it is a N-glycosyl compound, a ribose monophosphate, an aminopyrimidine and a hydroxypyrimidine. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,5-diamino-4-hydroxy-6-(5-phosphonatoribosylamino)pyrimidine(3-). 
it appears as white crystals, plates, leaflets or light tan powder. Sublimes readily. Exhibits strong fluorescence and long phosphorescence on exposure to ultraviolet light. (NTP, 1992) it is a it. It is a tautomer of a 3H-it, a 1H-it, an 8aH-it and a 4aH-it. 
A water-soluble aminoglycosidic antibiotic complex isolated from fermentation filtrates of Bacillus circulans. Two components (A and B) have been separated from the complex. Both are active against many gram-positive and some gram-negative bacteria. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of alfuzosin, a quinazoline compound with smooth muscle-relaxing activity. Alfuzosin selectively binds to and antagonizes post-synaptic alpha-1-adrenoreceptors in smooth muscle of the prostate, bladder base, bladder neck, prostatic capsule, and prostatic urethra, initiating relaxation of smooth muscle and resulting in improvement of urine flow and the symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). This agent also blocks alpha-1-adrenoreceptors in peripheral vascular smooth muscle, resulting in vasodilatation and a decrease in peripheral vascular resistance. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and mulberry. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Amino acids that are not synthesized by the human body in amounts sufficient to carry out physiological functions. They are obtained from dietary foodstuffs. 
Emetine Hydrochloride is the chloride salt of a white crystalline bitter alkaloid isolated from the root of the plant Psychotria Ipecacuanha (ipecac root) and other plants with antiemetic and anthelminthic properties. Emetine inhibits protein synthesis in eukaryotic (but not prokaryotic) cells by irreversibly blocking ribosome movement along the mRNA strand and inhibits DNA replication in the early S phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00746590 (Study of Anti-tumour Effects and Safety of Prolarixâ„¢ in Hepatocellular Carcinoma). it is a prodrug of a bifunctional alkylating, dinitrobenzamide derivative with antineoplastic activity. it can be activated by the human enzyme quinone oxidoreductase 2 (NQO2) in the presence of the cosubstrate caricotamide, an analogue of the natural cosubstrate dihydronicotinamide riboside (NRH), which acts as an electron donor. The resulting active, but short-lived metabolite, dinitrobenzamide, leads to DNA replication inhibition and the induction of apoptosis in NQO2 expressing cancer cells. Due to the lack of the natural cosubstrate NRH, NQO2 expression is normally latent but is upregulated in certain types of tumor cells. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. About the same density as water. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Very irritating to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. it is an isocyanate composed of a benzene ring bearing a single isocyanato substituent. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. It is a member of isocyanates and a member of benzenes. 
it is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide substituted by a butyl group at the nitrogen atom. It has been isolated from the plant Prunus africana and has been shown to exhibit antiandrogenic activity. It has a role as a neurotoxin and a plant metabolite. 
Myo-inositol hexakisphosphate is a myo-inositol hexakisphosphate in which each hydroxy group of myo-inositol is monophosphorylated. It has a role as an iron chelator, an antineoplastic agent, a signalling molecule, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a myo-inositol hexakisphosphate(12-). 
it is the sulfate salt of atropine, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. Atropine functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) 
TG(20:0/20:0/20:0), also known as tag(60:0) or tracylglycerol(60:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. Thus, TG(20:0/20:0/20:0) is considered to be a triradylglycerol lipid molecule. TG(20:0/20:0/20:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. TG(20:0/20:0/20:0) has been found in human adipose tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, TG(20:0/20:0/20:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. TG(20:0/20:0/20:0) can be biosynthesized from DG(20:0/20:0/0:0) and eicosanoyl-CoA; which is catalyzed by the enzyme diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase. In humans, TG(20:0/20:0/20:0) is involved in the metabolic disorder called de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(20:0/20:0/20:0) pathway. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-prenylated xanthones. These are organic compounds containing a C5-isoprenoid group linked to a xanthone moiety at the 8-position. Xanthone is a tricyclic compound made up of two benzene rings linearly fused to each other through a pyran ring that carries a ketone group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and purple mangosteen. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it. 
it is a recombinant human parathyroid hormone analogue that is used to treat osteoporosis in women or men with a high risk for bone fracture. it therapy has not been associated with serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and has not been implicated in instances of clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a hydrate that is the trihydrate form of amoxicillin; a semisynthetic antibiotic, used either alone or in combination with potassium clavulanate (under the trade name Augmentin) for treatment of a variety of bacterial infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. It contains an amoxicillin. Amoxicillin is a broad-spectrum, semisynthetic aminopenicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Amoxicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding protein (PBP) 1A located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide of glutaric acid containing benzene and piperidinium moieties; a transition state analogue hapten used to elicit catalytic antibodies 5C8 and 14B9. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide and a piperidinium ion. It derives from a glutaric acid. 
A semisynthetic bile acid made from cholic acid. It is used as a cholagogue, hydrocholeretic, diuretic, and as a diagnostic aid. 
it is a capsaicinoid that is the carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzylamine with the carboxy group of nonanoic acid. It is the active ingredient in many pepper sprays. It has a role as a lachrymator. It is a capsaicinoid and a member of phenols. 
it is a chromanol that is chromane in which the hydrogen at position 6 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a chromanol and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydride of a chromane. 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide consisting of a cyclic tetramer of the depsipeptide D-Hiv-N-methyl-L-leucine (where D-Hiv = D-alpha-hydroxyisovaleric acid). Found in the fungal species Beauveria bassiana and Verticillium lecanii, it has insecticidal properties and is used as a commercial biopesticide to control of insects of agricultural, veterinary and medical significance. For elucidation of the structure, see Suzuki et al., Tetrahedron Lett. 1977 v25, 2167-2170. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an insecticide and a fungal metabolite. 
it is a N-formyl amino acid that is the N-formyl-derivative of L-aspartic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a N-acyl-L-aspartic acid and a N-formyl amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a biflavonoid isolated from the rhizome of Sarcophyte piriei and exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a biflavonoid, a monosaccharide derivative, a beta-D-glucoside and a hydroxyflavonoid. It derives from an eriodictyol. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is (2S)-2-aminobutanoic acid substituted by a (Z)-methyl-NNO-azoxy moiety at position 4. It is an antibiotic isolated from the culture broth of Bacillus cereus and exhibits antifungal activity. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antifungal agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an azoxy compound and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is methacrylic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a carboxylic acid group. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid and an olefinic compound. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an itaconate(2-). 
Pinostrobin is a monohydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5 and a methoxy group at position 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antidote. It is a monohydroxyflavanone and a monomethoxyflavanone. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
1, 2, 4, 5-Tetrathiane, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrathianes. These are organic compounds containing a tetrathiane ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic ring made up of four sulfur atoms and two carbon atoms. Within the cell, 1, 2, 4, 5-tetrathiane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1, 2, 4, 5-tetrathiane can be found in mushrooms. This makes 1, 2, 4, 5-tetrathiane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Powder or liquid forms available as drugs. Used in obstetrics and in the treatment of migraine headaches. (EPA, 1998) Ergotamine Tartrate is the tartrate salt form of ergotamine, an ergot alkaloid and adrenergic alpha agonist with vasoconstrictor activity. Ergotamine tartrate selectively binds to alpha-adrenergic receptors thereby stimulating vascular smooth muscle and causing vasoconstriction in both arteries and veins. Ergotamine tartrate also blocks serotonin 5-HT1D receptors, thereby also causing vasoconstriction in cerebral blood vessels. Constriction of cerebral blood vessels caused by this agent may reduce the blood flow and pressure in cerebral arteries and may relieve the pain of vascular headaches. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid, lump solid or powder. A deadly human poison by ingestion. Toxic by skin absorption through open wounds, by ingestion, and by inhalation of dust. it is a cyanide salt containing equal numbers of sodium cations and cyanide anions. It has a role as an EC 1.15.1.1 (superoxide dismutase) inhibitor. It is a cyanide salt, a one-carbon compound and a sodium salt. 
it is a dibenzothiazepine, a N-alkylpiperazine and a N-arylpiperazine. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist, a histamine antagonist, an adrenergic antagonist and a second generation antipsychotic. it is a dibenzothiazepine derivative with antipsychotic property. it fumarate antagonizes serotonin activity mediated by 5-HT 1A and 5-HT2 receptors. With a lower affinity, this agent also reversibly binds to dopamine D1 and D2 receptors in the mesolimbic and mesocortical areas of the brain leading to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, it also binds to other alpha-1, alpha-2 adrenergic and histamine H1 receptors. 
it is a member of the class of monohydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones that is embelin in which the hydroxy group at position 5 is replaced by a methoxy group. Isolated from Lysimachia punctata and Embelia ribes, it exhibits antileishmanial activity as well as inhibitory activity towards hepatitis C protease. It has a role as a metabolite, a hepatitis C protease inhibitor, an antileishmanial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is an enol ether and a member of monohydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones. It derives from an embelin. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as 4-methylbenzoyl. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02092935 (A Study of it Compared With Vancomycin for the Treatment of Clostridium Difficile-Associated Diarrhoea (CDAD)). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is phenylacetic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 on the benzene ring is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxyphenylacetate. 
(1S, 2S, 4R, 8R)-p-Menthane-1, 2, 8, 9-tetrol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (1S, 2S, 4R, 8R)-p-Menthane-1, 2, 8, 9-tetrol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1S, 2S, 4R, 8R)-p-menthane-1, 2, 8, 9-tetrol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1S, 2S, 4R, 8R)-p-menthane-1, 2, 8, 9-tetrol can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes (1S, 2S, 4R, 8R)-p-menthane-1, 2, 8, 9-tetrol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a derivative of tetracycline in which the amide function is substituted with a pyrrolidinomethyl group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antiprotozoal drug and a prodrug. It is a member of tetracyclines and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it appears as a colorless volatile liquid with an agreeable odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. May be narcotic in high concentrations. Used as a solvent and in the manufacture of cosmetics. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.1.1]heptane which is substituted by an oxo group at position 2 and by methyl groups at positions 4, 6 and 6, and which contains a double bond between positions 3 and 4. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a cyclic ketone and an enone. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of oxyphencyclimine, a synthetic tertiary amine and antimuscarinic agent with antispasmodic and antisecretory activities. Oxyphencyclimine binds to and blocks the muscarinic receptor on smooth muscle. This agent has a direct relaxing effect on smooth muscle and therefore prevents spasms in the muscles of the gastrointestinal tract, inhibits gastrointestinal propulsive motility, decreases gastric acid secretion and controls excessive pharyngeal, tracheal and bronchial secretion. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver tissue. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a guanine ribonucleotide derivative with immunostimulatory and immunomodulatory activity. it undergoes facilitated transport across the plasma membrane into the cytoplasmic compartment of the cell and acts intracellularly, bypassing the biochemical steps involved in the membrane signal transduction pathway used by Ag or anti-IgM Abs to activate B cells. This agent activates the Toll-like receptor 7 (TLR7), a member of the TLR family of pathogen-associated molecular pattern recognition receptors thereby activating the innate immune system. This activation requires endosomal maturation and recognition is restricted to TLR7. As a result, it induces cycling B cells to proliferate and differentiate non-specifically and recruit antigen-reactive B cells to undergo differentiation to antibody production, markedly amplifying the underlying response in the process. 
it is a polyphenol that is isolated from Acronychia pedunculata and exhibits moderate antioxidant and antityrosinase activities. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is a member of acetophenones, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether and an olefinic compound. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is the aglycone of novobiocin. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of benzamides, a hydroxycoumarin and a polyphenol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an organic sodium salt having 2-amino-5-[(1-methoxy-2-methylindolizin-3-yl)carbonyl]benzoate as the counterion. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist. It contains a 2-amino-5-[(1-methoxy-2-methylindolizin-3-yl)carbonyl]benzoate. 
it is an off-white to pale tan waxy solid with a very faint slightly sweet odor. Used as a broad spectrum insecticide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as terpene lactones. These are prenol lipids containing a lactone ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Beta-it, also known as B-elemenone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Beta-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Beta-elemenone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Beta-elemenone can be found in herbs and spices. This makes Beta-elemenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a triglyceride obtained by formal acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol by propionic acid. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It is a triglyceride and a propanoate ester. 
it is a 2-{4-[(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoic acid that has S configuration. It is the (inactive) enantiomer of the herbicide quizalofop-P. It is an enantiomer of a quizalofop-P. 
it is a L-valine derivative that is 3-methyl-L-valine in which carboxy OH group is replaced by a methylnitrilo group and the one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a (2R)-2-{(1S)-1-[formyl(hydroxy)amino]ethyl}-5-phenylpentanoyl group. It is a potent MMP9 and ADAM10 metalloprotease inhibitor with IC50 of 2.5 and 5.3 nM, respectively. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor and an EC 3.4.24.* (metalloendopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a L-valine derivative, an aldehyde and a member of hydroxylamines. 
it is an alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with sympathomimetic activity. it (PPA) binds to and activates alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract resulting in vasoconstriction and reduction in swelling of nasal mucous membranes and reduction in tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion. This agent also stimulates the release of norepinephrine from its storage sites resulting in the effects already described. Finally, PPA indirectly stimulates beta-receptors producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pentanoic acid (valeric acid) substituted with a keto group at C-2 and a methyl group at C-4. A metabolite that has been found to accumulate in maple syrup urine disease. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methyl-2-oxopentanoate. 
it is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols that is 1-phenylethan-1-ol substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It is a dimethoxybenzene and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
it is a tumor targeting imaging agent composed of the tumor-specific peptide chlorotoxin (CTX), a 36-amino acid neurotoxin found in the venom of the Leiurus quinquestriatus scorpion, linked to the fluorescent dye indocyanine green (ICG), with potential tumor imaging activity using a near-infrared (NIR) imaging system. Upon intravenous administration of BLZ-100, the CTX moiety of BLZ-100 specifically binds to and is internalized by cancer cells of neuroectodermal origin. Using a NIR imaging system, the ICG, which emits light in the NIR range, permits the intraoperative visualization of tumor cells. This leads to the clear distinction of healthy tissues from tumor cells, and facilitates the surgical removal of tumor tissue while sparing normal, healthy cells. 
it, also known as quinolin-2-ylamine or fragment 19, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as its and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an amino group attached to a quinoline ring system. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sharp musty odor like rubbing alcohol. Flash point 53-77Â°F. Autoignites at 700Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air and mildly irritate the eyes, nose, and throat. Density approximately 6.5 lb / gal. Used in making cosmetics, skin and hair preparations, pharmaceuticals, perfumes, lacquer formulations, dye solutions, antifreezes, rubbing alcohols, soaps, window cleaners, acetone and other chemicals and products. it is the parent member of the class of propan-1-ols that is propane in which a hydrogen of one of the methyl groups is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a protic solvent and a metabolite. 
it is a dihydroceramide compound having a hexacosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen atom. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a N-acylsphinganine, a Cer(d44:0) and a N-(very-long-chain fatty acyl)-sphingoid base. It derives from a sphinganine. 
it appears as colorless to red crystals or green powder. (NTP, 1992) Pararosaniline is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride of 4,4'-[(4-iminocyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene)methanediyl]dianiline. One of the major constituents of Basic fuchsin, together with rosanilin, magenta II and new fuchsin. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It contains a pararosaniline(1+). 
it is a white crystalline solid. Used as a rodent repellent, molluscicide, fungicide and insecticide. (EPA, 1998) it is an organotin compound that is triphenylstannane in which the hydrogen attached to tin is replaced by a chloro group. A fungicide used to control blights on potatoes, leaf spot diseases on sugar beet and anthracnose on beans. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organotin compound and a chlorine molecular entity. It derives from a triphenylstannane. 
it is a member of the class of cystathionines derived from homoselenocysteine and serine residues joined by a selenide bond. It is a member of cystathionines and a selenoamino acid. 
it is a member of the class of biphenyls that is biphenyl in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted at positions 2and 4 by a methyl and a 5-methyl-1,3,4-oxadiazol-2-yl groups, respectively, while the other phenyl group is substituted at positions 2 and 5 by a methyl and an N-(cyclopropyl)aminocarbohyl group, respectively. An inhibitor of p38-alpha MAP kinase. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of biphenyls, a member of 1,3,4-oxadiazoles, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of cyclopropanes and a ring assembly. 
Thiosultap disodium is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of thiosultap. An insecticide used to control various pests on rice, vegetable, and fruit trees. It has a role as an insecticide. It contains a thiosultap(2-). 
Chloropivaloyl chloride appears as a colorless liquid. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Corrosive. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an alkylglycerol that is glycerol in which one of the primary hydroxy groups has been converted into the corresponding octadecyl ether. It is used in cosmetics as a stabilising ingredient and skin-conditioning agent. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 3-amino-7-(methylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium as the counterion. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a 3-amino-7-(methylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of acebutolol, prepared using equimolar amounts of acebutolol and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug, a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent and a sympathomimetic agent. It contains an acebutolol(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of acebutolol, a synthetic butyranilide derivative with hypotensive and antiarrhythmic activity. Acebutolol acts as a cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist with little effect on bronchial receptors and has intrinsic sympathomimetic properties. Having stabilizing and quinidine-like effects on cardiac rhythm, Acebutolol is used in ventricular arrhythmias. Other indications include hypertension, alone or in combinations with other agents. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone hydroxylated at C-2', -4 and -4'. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor, a biological pigment, a NMDA receptor antagonist, a GABA modulator and a metabolite. It derives from a trans-chalcone. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a myo-inositol bisphosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
Everolimus is an inhibitor of cell proliferation and immunosuppressive agent that is used alone or in combination with calcineurin inhibitors to prevent cellular rejection after organ transplantation, and in combination with other anticancer agents as treatment of advanced renal cell and other cancers. Everolimus therapy can be associated with mild serum enzyme elevations, but has yet to be linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is an alkane that is undecane substituted by methyl groups at positions 4 and 6. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an undecane. 
it, also known as it or 3-(9-adeninyl)propionic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-aminopurines. These are purines that carry an amino group at position 6. Purine is a bicyclic aromatic compound made up of a pyrimidine ring fused to an imidazole ring. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 6-amino-9H-purine-9-propanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 6-amino-9H-purine-9-propanoic acid can be found in mushrooms. This makes 6-amino-9H-purine-9-propanoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it or hydroxycoumalin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranones and derivatives. Pyranones and derivatives are compounds containing a pyran ring which bears a ketone. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Tripamide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. Tripamide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, tripamide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a phosphatidylinositol dimannoside having the phosphatidyl moiety (with acyl groups palmitoyl and tuberculostearoyl at the 1- and 2-positions respectively) at the 1-position, and with two single mannosyl residues at the 2- and 6-positions of the inositol ring. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a tuberculostearic acid. 
it is a 1,1-diunsubstituted alkanesulfonate that is ethanesulfonate substituted by an amino group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a taurine. 
it is a docosenoic acid having a cis- double bond at C-13. It is found particularly in brassicas - it is a major component of mustard and rapeseed oils and is produced by broccoli, Brussels sprouts, kale, and wallflowers. It is a conjugate acid of an erucate. it is a monounsaturated very long-chain fatty acid with a 22-carbon backbone and a single double bond originating from the 9th position from the methyl end, with the double bond in the cis- configuration. 
it is a C19-gibberellin, initially identified in Gibberella fujikuroi. It differs from gibberellin A1 in the absence of the beta-OH at C-9 and the alpha-OH at C-7, the substitution of the methylene group at C-8 by a beta-Me and the presence of an alpha-OH also at C-8 (all gibbane skeletal numberings). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a C19-gibberellin, a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid and a lactone. 
Estradiol is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is estra-1,3,5(10)-triene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 17. It has a role as an estrogen and a human metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid and a 17-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it, also known as fema 2072 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a mild, fennel, and fruity taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyruvic acid derivatives. Phenylpyruvic acid derivatives are compounds containing a phenylpyruvic acid moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted at the second position by an pyruvic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is 1,6-dihydrodibenzo[cd,g]indazole-3-sulfonic acid substituted by an oxo group at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, an arenesulfonic acid and a cyclic ketone. 
it is a mixture of isomers used as contrast medium, mainly for brain and spinal cord visualization. it is a myelographic oil-ester (U.S. Patent 2,348,231). it, which was never shown to be safe, was initially introduced for use in small amounts (1-2cc) for locating spinal tumors. It next appeared on the world scene for high volume (12-15cc), routine use, in diagnosing disc herniations. A number of clinicians have published on the dangers of oil myelography. In 1942 Van Wagenen (a neurosurgical colleague of Warrens, at the University of Rochester) identified it as causing chemical meningitis in 30 patients where \ 
2', 6'-Dihydroxy-4'-methoxyacetophenone, also known as it or 1-(2, 6-dihydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)ethanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 2', 6'-Dihydroxy-4'-methoxyacetophenone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2', 6'-dihydroxy-4'-methoxyacetophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2', 6'-dihydroxy-4'-methoxyacetophenone can be found in european plum, fruits, and sweet orange. This makes 2', 6'-dihydroxy-4'-methoxyacetophenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as fema 3824, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a 2,4-dichloro-1,3,5-triazine with a multi-substituted napthalen-2-yldiazenyl substituent at the 6-position. It has a role as a dye. It is an azo compound and a chloro-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea which is substituted at position 1 by a 3-tert-butyl-1-methylpyrazol-5-yl group and at position 3 by a p-chlorophenyl group. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of pyrazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. 
Nitronaphthalene appears as a yellow crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. May irritate skin and eyes. Readily ignitable and may be difficult to extinguish once ignited. Used to make dyes and other chemicals. it is a mononitronaphthalene substituted by a nitro group at position 1. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a mouse metabolite. 
it is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of cinnamyl alcohol with acetic acid. Found in cinnamon leaf oil. It has a role as a fragrance, a metabolite and an insecticide. It derives from a cinnamyl alcohol. 
it appears as a yellow liquid with a pungent odor. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Very irritating to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Poisonous by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a benzoindole that is 4,5-dihydro-3H-benzo[e]indole in which the nitrogen is substituted by a 3-carboxy-4-hydroxyphenyl group. A non-narcotic analgesic and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it has greater analgesic and inflammatory responses than aspirin but with less gastrointestinal toxicity. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a member of pyrroles, a benzoindole and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is a 3beta-sterol having the structure of desmosterol with an extra double bond at C-7--C-8. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a desmosterol. 
it is a 6-hydroxynicotine. It derives from a (R)-nicotine. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-6-hydroxynicotinium. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-6-hydroxynicotine. 
it is a member of bilenes. It derives from a bilene-b. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a cyclohexanecarboxylate ester that consists of 4-(2-carboxyethyl)phenyl cyclohexanecarboxylate bearing an aminomethyl substituent at the 4-position. It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a liquid with an acrid odor. Flash point near 140Â°F. Slightly less dense than water. Vapors much heavier than air. May irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of terazosin, a quinazoline derivative with adrenergic antagonistic property. it selectively inhibits alpha-1 adrenergic receptors, resulting in vasodilation leading to decreased peripheral vascular resistance and a reduced venous return to the heart as well as decreased urethral resistance, which potentially improving urine flow and symptoms related to benign prostatic hyperplasia. In addition, terazosin decreases low-density lipoproteins (LDL) and triglycerides while increasing the concentration of high-density lipoproteins (HDL). 
it is a member of the class of pterocarpans that is (6aR,11aR)-pterocarpan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 9, a methoxy group at position 3 and a prenyl group at position 2. Isolated from Erythrina glauca and Erythrina burttii, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of pterocarpans, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It derives from a (6aR,11aR)-pterocarpan. 
it is a 1,3-diglyceride with both acyl groups specified as oleoyl. It is a 1,3-diglyceride, a dioleoylglycerol and a diacylglycerol (18:1/0:0/18:1). It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a sulfonamide compound having a 4-nitrosophenyl group attached to the sulfur atom and a 1,2-oxazol-3-yl group attached to the nitrogen atom. It has a role as a metabolite and an allergen. It is a member of isoxazoles, a sulfonamide and a nitroso compound. It derives from a sulfamethoxazole and a sulfanilamide. 
Lisinopril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor widely used in the therapy of hypertension and heart failure. Lisinopril is associated with a low rate of transient serum aminotransferase elevations and has been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury that can be severe and even fatal. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 11,12-dihydro-6H-6,12-epoxydibenzo[b,f]oxocine substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4, 7 and 8, methoxy groups at positions 3 and 9, methyl groups at positions 6 and 12, an oxo group at position 11 and a formyl group at position 1. It is isolated as a racemate from Ascochyta and exhibits inhibitory activity against HIV-1 integrase. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a cyclic ether, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone, an aldehyde and a bridged compound. 
it is a methoxyisoflavan that is isoflavan carrying a double bond across positions 3 and 4, methoxy groups at positions 7 and 4' and methyl groups at positions 2, 2 and 4 respectively. It derives from a hydride of an isoflavan. 
it, also known as 6-deoxyphysalin h, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as physalins and derivatives. These are steroidal constituents of Physalis plants which possess an unusual 13, 14-seco-16, 24-cyclo-steroidal ring skeleton (where the bond that is normally present between the 13 and 14 positions in other steroids is broken while a new bond between positions 16 and 24 is formed). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, physalin H is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, physalin H can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes physalin H a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a glycosyl alditol consisting of alpha-D-glucopyranose and D-mannitol residues joined in sequence by a (1->1) glycosidic bond. It has a role as a sweetening agent. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose and a D-mannitol. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as chlorohydrins. These are alcohols substituted by a chlorine atom at a saturated carbon atom otherwise bearing only hydrogen or hydrocarbyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a colorless liquid with a strong unpleasant odor. Mp: -41.3Â°C; bp: 177Â°C. Density: 0.84 g cm-3. Insoluble in water. 
8-(2-chloro-3,4,5-trimethoxybenzyl)-2-fluoro-9-pent-4-yn-1-yl-9H-purin-6-amine is a member of the class of 6-aminopurines that is 2-fluoroadenine carrying additional 2-chloro-3,4,5-trimethoxybenzyl and pent-4-yn-1-yl substituents at positions 8 and 9 respectively. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of 6-aminopurines, an organofluorine compound, an acetylenic compound, a member of methoxybenzenes and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an adenine. 
it is a carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-thienylacetic acid with the amino group of methyl 3-aminothiophene-2-carboxylate. It is a selective inhibitor of c-Jun N-terminal kinases (JNKs). It has a role as a c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitor. It is a methyl ester, a member of thiophenes and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a 2-thienylacetic acid. 
it is a member of the class of pyridines that is pyridine which is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 3. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an antilipemic drug. It is a member of pyridines and an aromatic primary alcohol. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is the O-sulfo derivative of L-serine. It is an O-sulfoamino acid, a L-serine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
2, 5-Diethyl-3-methylpyrazine, also known as fema 3915, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 5-Diethyl-3-methylpyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-diethyl-3-methylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 5-Diethyl-3-methylpyrazine is a hazelnut, meaty, and toasted tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products, coffee and coffee products, and potato. This makes 2, 5-diethyl-3-methylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an onium cation obtained by protonation of ammonia. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a cofactor. It is a nitrogen hydride, an onium cation and a monovalent inorganic cation. It is a conjugate acid of an ammonia. 
it appears as a powdered or flaked solid substance. Strong irritant to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Concentrated aqueous solutions used as a glue. it is an inorganic sodium salt having silicate as the counterion. It contains a silicate ion. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is trans-decalin substituted at positions 2, 4a, and 8 by 2-hydroxypropan-2-yl, methyl and methylidene groups, respectively (the 2R,4aR,8aS-diastereoisomer). It has a role as a volatile oil component. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder. Metallic taste. Solutions are acid to litmus. Absence of general acid/base catalysis. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt of the synthetic central nervous system stimulant methylphenidate. Methylphenidate appears to activate the brain stem arousal system and cortex to produce its stimulant effect and, in some clinical settings, may improve cognitive function. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is a 5'''-epimer of silvestrol. Isolated from Aglaia silvestris, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of dioxanes, an ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a methyl ester. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2,5-dichlorobenzoic acid with methanol. It as used as a plant growth regulator and fungicide for grafting of grapevines. It has a role as a plant growth regulator and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a methyl ester and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a 2,5-dichlorobenzoic acid. 
it is a recombinant interleukin-1 (IL-1) receptor antagonist that has antiinflammatory and immunomodulatory actions and is used in the therapy of rheumatoid arthritis and other inflammatory arthritides. it is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy and with rare instances of clinically apparent, acute liver injury. it is a recombinant human nonglycosylated interleukin-1 (IL-1) receptor antagonist with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to the IL-1 receptor, thereby blocking the binding of the IL-1 to and activation of its receptor. Blockade of IL-1 activity may inhibit the cascade of downstream pro-angiogenic factors such as vascular endothelial cell growth factor, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and IL-6, resulting in inhibition of tumor angiogenesis. (NCI04) 
DG(18:0/18:0/0:0)[rac], also known as 1, 2-dioctadecanoylglycerol or 1, 2-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2-diacylglycerols. These are diacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at positions 1 and 2. Thus, DG(18:0/18:0/0:0)[rac] is considered to be a diradylglycerol lipid molecule. DG(18:0/18:0/0:0)[rac] exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, DG(18:0/18:0/0:0)[rac] is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Quinupristin and dalfopristin are intravenously administered, streptogramin antibiotics used in fixed combination to treat severe bacterial infections due to susceptible organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The fixed combination of quinupristin and dalfopristin is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been convincingly linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. Dalfopristin is a semi-synthetic derivative of streptogramin A produced by streptomycetes. Dalfopristin inhibits the early phase of protein synthesis in the bacterial ribosome by binding to the 70S subunit, and also alters the configuration of the ribosome to make it more susceptible for streptogramin B binding. Dalfopristin is used in combination with quinopristin, a streptogramin B derivative. This combination is active against most gram-positive organisms, including Enterococcus faecium, and is also active against some gram-negative organisms and mycoplasma. 
it is an amide of salicylic acid and of aniline; it is therefore both a salicylamide and an anilide. It is a member of salicylamides, a member of its and a benzanilide fungicide. 
it appears as a yellowish-white powder in a liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Primary hazard is to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrates the soil to contaminate groundwater and nearby waterways. 
it is an acyl-CoA(4-) that is the tetraanion of it, arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an acyl-CoA(4-) and a short chain fatty acyl-CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is an orally bioavailable pentafluoroethyl derivative of a mifepristone-related steroid with antiprogestagenic activity. it is a pure, highly receptor-selective progesterone receptor (PR) antagonist; binding of this agent to PRs inhibits PR activation and the associated proliferative effects. Unlike many other antiprogestins such as mifepristone, this agent does not appear to convert to an agonist in the presence of protein kinase A (PKA) activators and shows high antiprogestagenic activity on both progesterone receptor (PR) isoforms PR-A and PR-B. 
it is the 4-phospho derivative of L-aspartic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an aminoacyl phosphate, a L-aspartic acid derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-phosphonato-L-aspartic acid(2-) and a 4-phospho-L-aspartate. 
5-oxo-L-proline is an optically active form of 5-oxoproline having L-configuration. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is a L-proline derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a 5-oxoproline. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-oxo-L-prolinate. It is an enantiomer of a 5-oxo-D-proline. it is a keto derivative of the amino acid proline. 
it is a carboxylic ester. It derives from a benzyl alcohol. it is a synthetic carboxylic ester compound and organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a clear or light straw-colored liquid with a mild ester odor, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it, also known as it or NSC 688263, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. Within the cell, acetyl-N-formyl-5-methoxykynurenamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it can be biosynthesized from melatonin; which is mediated by the enzyme indoleamine 2, 3-dioxygenase 1. In humans, acetyl-N-formyl-5-methoxykynurenamine is involved in the tryptophan metabolism pathway. 
it is an odorless yellow solid. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a yellowish, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic chromium fumes upon heating. it is highly corrosive and is a strong oxidizing agent. This substance is used as a corrosion inhibitor, metal conditioner and is used in paints, varnishes and oil colors. it primarily affects the lungs causing shortness of breath, bronchitis, pneumonia and asthma but can also affect the gastrointestinal tract, liver, kidneys and immune system. This substance is a known human carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer and cancer of the sinonasal cavity. (NCI05) 
it appears as colorless crystals. Used as a fungicide and as a anticancer drug. (EPA, 1998) it is a dicarboximide that is 4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperidine-2,6-dione in which one of the hydrogens attached to the carbon bearing the hydroxy group is replaced by a 3,5-dimethyl-2-oxocyclohexyl group. It is an antibiotic produced by the bacterium Streptomyces griseus. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a protein synthesis inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of piperidones, a piperidine antibiotic, an antibiotic fungicide, a dicarboximide, a secondary alcohol and a cyclic ketone. It derives from a piperidine-2,6-dione. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tyrosine and derivatives. Tyrosine and derivatives are compounds containing tyrosine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of tyrosine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a pyrazine that is substituted by a methoxycarbonyl group at position 2 and an amino group at position 3. It is a member of pyrazines, a methyl ester and an aromatic amine. 
it is an organic iodide salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a diIC18(7)(1+). It derives from a C7-indocyanine. 
it is a polyprenol diphosphate compound having eight prenyl units with undefined stereochemistry about the double bonds. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
Encelin, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmanolides, secoeudesmanolides, and derivatives. These are terpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmanolide (a 3, 5a, 9-trimethyl-naphtho[1, 2-b]furan-2-one derivative) or secoeudesmanolide (a 3, 6-dimethyl-5-(pentan-2-yl)-1-benzofuran-2-one derivative) skeleton. Encelin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, encelin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, encelin can be found in herbs and spices. This makes encelin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Alantolactone, also known as helenin or alant camphor, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmanolides, secoeudesmanolides, and derivatives. These are terpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmanolide (a 3, 5a, 9-trimethyl-naphtho[1, 2-b]furan-2-one derivative) or secoeudesmanolide (a 3, 6-dimethyl-5-(pentan-2-yl)-1-benzofuran-2-one derivative) skeleton. Alantolactone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, alantolactone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, alantolactone can be found in herbs and spices. This makes alantolactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of bromhexine and hydrogen chloride. It is used as a mucolytic for the treatment of respiratory disorders associated with productive cough (i.e. a cough characterised by the production of sputum). It has a role as a mucolytic. It contains a bromhexine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of bromhexine, a secretolytic, with mucolytic activity. Upon administration, bromhexine increases lysosomal activity and enhances hydrolysis of acid mucopolysaccharide polymers in the respiratory tract. This increases the production of serous mucus in the respiratory tract, which makes the phlegm thinner and decreases mucus viscosity. This contributes to its secretomotoric effect, and allows the cilia to more easily transport the phlegm out of the lungs. This clears mucus from the respiratory tract and may aid in the treatment of respiratory disorders associated with abnormal viscid mucus, excessive mucus secretion and impaired mucus transport. 
it is an amino acid derivative comprised of three allysyl side chains plus one unaltered lysyl side chain from the same or neighboring polypeptides condensed into a pyridinium ring. it is found in elastin and its detection in urine, plasma, or sputum samples can be used as a marker for excessive elastin degradation, which is associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and other pathologies. 
it is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the amino groups of 2,6-diamino-2,3,6-trideoxy-alpha-D-glucose. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6-diamino-2,3,6-trideoxy-alpha-D-glucose. 
it is a yellow crystalline solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. It is a water emulsifiable liquid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. It is used as a herbicide. it is the organic cation formed formally by addition of an ethylene bridge between the nitrogen atoms of 2,2'-bipyridine. Most often available as the dibromide. It has a role as a herbicide and a defoliant. It derives from a hydride of a 2,2'-bipyridine. 
Coenzyme A is a coenzyme containing pantothenic acid, adenosine 3-phosphate 5-pyrophosphate, and cysteamine; involved in the transfer of acyl groups, notably in transacetylations. 
it is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the tertiary amino group of triethanolamine. It has a role as a buffer. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It is a conjugate acid of a triethanolamine. 
it is a glycosylsphingoid consisting of sphingosine having a beta-D-galactosyl residue attached at the 1-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a sphing-4-enine and a sphingosine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a homodetic cyclic peptide that is a dipeptide composed of L-proline and L-tyrosine joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dipeptide, a homodetic cyclic peptide, a pyrrolopyrazine and a member of phenols. It derives from a L-proline and a L-tyrosine. 
An azapeptide and HIV-PROTEASE INHIBITOR that is used in the treatment of HIV INFECTIONS and AIDS in combination with other ANTI-HIV AGENTS. 
it is dexamethasone in which the hydroxy group at the 17alpha position is substituted by hydrogen. A synthetic corticosteroid with glucocorticoid activity, it is used as an anti-inflammatory and anti-pruritic in the treatment of various skin disorders, including skin allergies and psoriasis. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an antipruritic drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 20-oxo steroid, a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with metabolic, anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive activity. it activates specific intracellular receptors, which bind to distinct sites on DNA to modify gene transcription. This results in an induction of the synthesis of anti-inflammatory proteins and suppression of the synthesis of inflammatory mediators. This leads to an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. it is indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. 
it is a carboxamide that is the N-dichloroacetyl derivative of (1R,2S)-2-amino-3-fluoro-1-[4-(methanesulfonyl)phenyl]propan-1-ol. A synthetic veterinary antibiotic that is used for treatment of bovine respiratory disease and foot rot; also used in aquaculture. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It is a sulfone, a secondary alcohol, an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a dichloroacetic acid. 
An agent derived from licorice root. It is used for the treatment of digestive tract ulcers, especially in the stomach. Antidiuretic side effects are frequent, but otherwise the drug is low in toxicity. 
A 31-amino acid peptide that is the C-terminal fragment of BETA-LIPOTROPIN. It acts on OPIOID RECEPTORS and is an analgesic. Its first four amino acids at the N-terminal are identical to the tetrapeptide sequence of METHIONINE ENKEPHALIN and LEUCINE ENKEPHALIN. 
it is the chloride salt of bethanechol. A slowly hydrolysed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects, it is used to increase smooth muscle tone, as in the gastrointestinal tract following abdominal surgery, treatment of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease, and as an alternative to catheterisation in the treatment of non-obstructive urinary retention. It has a role as a muscarinic agonist. It is a carbamate ester, a quaternary ammonium salt and a chloride salt. It contains a bethanechol. it is a synthetic quaternary ammonium base derivative, parasympathomimetic Bethanechol is a slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects. Generally used to increase smooth muscle tone, Bethanechol is used to treat reflux esophagitis and to initiate urination after surgery, in urinary infections, or for enlarged prostate. It may cause hypotension, cardiac rate changes, and bronchial spasms. (NCI04) 
The porcine antidiuretic hormone (VASOPRESSINS). It is a cyclic nonapeptide that differs from ARG-VASOPRESSIN by one amino acid, containing a LYSINE at residue 8 instead of an ARGININE. Lys-vasopressin is used to treat DIABETES INSIPIDUS or to improve vasomotor tone and BLOOD PRESSURE. 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is 4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-5-one which is substituted at position 1 by a tert-butylaminocarbonyl group and at position 3 by an isopropyl group. A selective herbicide for pre- and post-emergence control of annual dicotyledonous weeds and grasses, it is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a member of triazoles and a carbohydrazide. 
it is a tetrapeptide consisting of Fmoc-L-aspartic acid 4-methyl ester, methyl L-alpha-glutamic acid 5-methyl ester, L-valine and the fluoromethyl ketone derived from the 1-carboxy group of L-aspartic acid 4-methyl ester coupled in sequence. It is a specific, irreversible caspase-3 inhibitor that also shows potent inhibition of caspase-6, caspase-7, caspase-8, and caspase-10. It has a role as an apoptosis inhibitor, an EC 3.4.22.56 (caspase-3) inhibitor and a neuroprotective agent. 
1, 1-Dihexyloxyethane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. 1, 1-Dihexyloxyethane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 1-dihexyloxyethane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 1-Dihexyloxyethane is a sweet, ethereal, and green tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes 1, 1-dihexyloxyethane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as N-benzoylaspartate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aspartic acid and derivatives. Aspartic acid and derivatives are compounds containing an aspartic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of aspartic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in common pea and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Decomposed by water to hydrochloric acid with the evolution of heat. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used to make various silicon containing compounds. 
it is a colorless liquid with a weak chemical odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of 3-methylflavone-8-carboxylic acid with 2-(1-piperidinyl)ethanol. It has a role as a parasympatholytic, a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is a member of piperidines, a member of flavones, a carboxylic ester and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a 3-methylflavone-8-carboxylic acid and a 2-(piperidin-1-yl)ethanol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic parasympatholytic with antimuscarinic, muscle relaxant and urinary antispasmodic properties. it binds and inhibits muscarinic receptors, thereby suppressing the micturition reflex and increases urinary bladder capacity by modifying the micturition center in the brain stem. In addition, this agent has been found to inhibit cyclic AMP formation in striatal membranes of the brain through stimulation of pertussis toxin-sensitive G protein-coupled receptors which in turn suppress isovolumetric urinary bladder contraction. 
it is an alicyclic compound that is cyclopent-3-en-1-ol carrying additional hydroxymethyl substituents at positions 3 and 4 as well as a 2-hydroxyethyl substituent at position 2 (the 1R,2R-diastereomer). It has a role as a sedative and a plant metabolite. It is a tetrol, a primary allylic alcohol and an alicyclic compound. 
it is an abscisic acid anion derived from (+)-abscisic acid. It is a 2-cis-abscisate and an apo carotenoid sesquiterpenoid. It is a conjugate base of a (+)-abscisic acid. 
it is a kanamycin that is kanamycin B lacking the 3- and 4-hydroxy groups on the 2,6-diaminosugar ring. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antibacterial agent. It derives from a kanamycin B. it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from kanamycin B. it is active against bacterial strains that are resistant to kanamycin. 
it is a prodrug of imidazotetrazine alkylating agent with antineoplastic property. it undergoes ring opening upon the nucleophilic attack at C-4 by an activated molecule of water within the major groove of DNA. The resulting bioactive mono-alkyltriazene species are capable of alkylating nucleophilic residues in the immediate vicinity such as N-7 and/or O-6 sites of guanine, thereby causes intra- or inter-stranded DNA cross-links and trigger apoptosis. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is mandelic acid in which positions 3 and 4 on the benzene ring are substituted by a methylenedioxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzodioxoles. It derives from a mandelic acid. 
it appears as a colorless liquefied gas with a sweet odor. mp: -104Â°C, bp: -23.1Â°C. Insoluble in water, soluble in ethanol, chloroform and benzene. Moderately toxic by inhalation. Used as a specialty fuel. Denser than air. Vapors may ignite at distant sources of ignition and flash back. it is an alkyne, a terminal acetylenic compound and a gas molecular entity. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of isovaleric acid; reported to improve ruminal fermentation and feed digestion in cattle. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acid anion, a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a 3-methyl fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an isovaleric acid. 
The beta-2 adrenergic agonists are a large group of drugs that mimic the actions of naturally occurring catecholamines such as norepinephrine, epinephrine and dopamine. Direct agonists directly interact with the adrenergic receptors, whereas indirect agonists typically stimulate the release of endogenous catecholamines. The beta-2 adrenergic agonists act mainly on the smooth muscle of the vasculature, bronchial tree, intestines and uterus. These agents also act on the liver stimulating glycogenolysis and release of glucose from the liver and muscle (particularly if used in high doses). The beta-2 adrenergic agonists are used largely as bronchodilators in the management of asthma, both in control of acute symptomatic attacks as well as chronic, long term prevention and management. These agents are some of the most commonly prescribed drugs for asthma and are widely used and proven to be well tolerated and safe. The use of beta adrenergic agonists in asthma has not been associated with elevations in serum aminotransferase or alkaline phosphatase levels or in causing clinically apparent liver disease. When given in large doses or after intentional overdose, beta adrenergic agonists can cause liver injury. Most case reports of liver damage from these agents have been associated with their use in control of premature labor (for their effects on relaxation of uterine smooth muscle). The liver injury typically arises within a few days of starting high dose intravenous beta adrenergic agonists, is usually asymptomatic, not associated with jaundice, and rapidly reversed once the medication is stopped. Terbutaline Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of terbutaline, an ethanolamine derivative with bronchodilating and tocolytic properties. Terbutaline sulfate selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors, leading to intracellular adenyl cyclase activation via a trimeric G protein and subsequent increase in cyclic cAMP production. Increased cAMP levels result in relaxation of bronchial and vascular smooth muscle mediated through the activation of protein kinase A (PKA), which phosphorylates proteins in control of muscle tone. cAMP also inhibits calcium ion release from intracellular stores, reduces calcium entry into cells and induces the sequestration of intracellular calcium all of which aids the relaxation of airway muscles. Terbutaline sulfate also increases mucociliary clearance and reduces release of inflammatory cell mediators. 
it is a pyridinium ion consisting of nicotinic acid having a methyl substituent on the pyridine nitrogen. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-methylnicotinate. 
it is a 3-hydroxy-L-aspartic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (3R)-3-hydroxy-L-aspartate(1-) and a (3R)-3-hydroxy-L-aspartate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a (3S)-3-hydroxy-D-aspartic acid. 
it is a benzenesulfonamide derivative with vasodilatory activity. it selectively inhibits phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5), thus inhibiting the degradation of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) found in the smooth muscle of the corpus cavernosa and corpus spongiosum of the penis; inhibition of cGMP degradation results in prolonged muscle relaxation, vasodilation, and blood engorgement of the corpus cavernosa, and, so, prolonged penile erection. This agent does not significantly inhibit the PDE11 isozyme; PDE11 inhibition may be associated with significant myalgia. 
it is a potent Kinesin Spindle Protein (KSP) inhibitor that caused marked tumor regression in preclinical models of human solid tumors and human leukemias, often leading to durable responses. it is a synthetic, small molecule targeting the kinesin spindle protein (KSP) with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically inhibits KSP (kinesin-5 or Eg5), resulting in activation of the spindle assembly checkpoint, induction of cell cycle arrest during the mitotic phase, and consequently cell death in tumor cells that are actively dividing. Because KSP is not involved in postmitotic processes, such as neuronal transport, this agent does not cause the peripheral neuropathy that is often associated with tubulin-targeting agents. KSP is an ATP-dependent microtubule motor protein that is essential for the formation of bipolar spindles and the proper segregation of sister chromatids during mitosis. 
it is a bacteriostatic antibiotic with activity against Gram-positive bacteria. it is used in the treatment of upper and lower respiratory tract infections. 
Manganese(II) chloride is an inorganic chloride in which manganese(II) is coordinated to two chloride ions. In its anhydrous state manganese(II) chloride is a polymeric solid, which adopts a layered cadmium chloride-like structure. It has a role as a nutraceutical. It is a manganese coordination entity and an inorganic chloride. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is nitrogen substituted by three methyl groups and a 2-oxoethyl group. It is an intermediate in the metabolism of amino acids like glycine, serine and threonine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite, an Aspergillus metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. 
it, also known as dipropyl ester or hexanedioic acid, 9CI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, dipropyl hexanedioate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a mild and alcoholic taste. 
it solution, [aqueous] is a white crystalline mass dissolved in an aqueous solution. Solution may be colorless to slightly pink in color with a distinctive it odor; sharp burning taste. Aqueous solution will be acidic and act as such. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption; strong irritant to tissues. it is an organic hydroxy compound that consists of benzene bearing a single hydroxy substituent. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a disinfectant, an antiseptic drug, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. it; it. Used as a germicidal agent and as an intermediate in chemical synthesis. Highly toxic; corrosive to the skin. 
it is a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-piperideine-2-carboxylate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a greenish or yellow-brown crystalline solid. Density 15.0 lb /gal. Melts at 64Â°C and loses the seven waters of hydration at 90Â°C. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used for water or sewage treatment, as a fertilizer ingredient. it (anhydrous) is a compound of iron and sulfate in which the ratio of iron(2+) to sulfate ions is 1:1. Various hydrates occur naturally - most commonly the heptahydrate, which loses water to form the tetrahydrate at 57â„ƒ and the monohydrate at 65â„ƒ. It has a role as a reducing agent. It is a metal sulfate and an iron molecular entity. It contains an iron(2+). 
it, also known as it or fema 2895, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, cinnamon, and floral taste. 
Beta-hexachlorocyclohexane is the beta-isomer of hexachlorocyclohexane. It has a role as a pesticide and a persistent organic pollutant. it is the gamma-isomer of benzene hexachloride, a colorless to white colored, synthetic, crystalline solid with a slight musty odor that emits toxic fumes of hydrochloric acid and other chlorinated compounds when heated to decomposition. it is used as an insecticide for hardwood logs, lumber, and crops. it also has topical pediculicide and scabicide activities probably due to its neurotoxic effects. Inhalation exposure to this substance causes severe irritation of the nose and throat, causes anemia, and affects the liver, nervous, cardiovascular, and immune system. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. 
it is a diamine that is 1,2-phenylenediamine carrying a methyl substituent at position 4 and a 3-phenylpropyl substituent at position N1. It has a role as a NF-kappaB inhibitor. It is a diamine and a substituted aniline. It derives from a 1,2-phenylenediamine. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is benzoic acid carrying a hydroxy substituent at C-4 of the benzene ring. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxybenzoate. 
it is pyrazole in which a hydrogen adjacent to one of the nitrogen atoms is substituted by a 2-aminoethyl group. It is a histamine H2-receptor agonist used clinically to test gastric secretory function. It has a role as a histamine agonist, a diagnostic agent and a gastrointestinal drug. It is a member of pyrazoles and a primary amino compound. it is a histamine H2 receptor agonist with diagnostic application. it selectively targets and binds to the H2 receptor, thereby mimicking the effect of histamine on these receptors. This may lead to an increase in gastric secretions. it can be used in gastric function tests. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ovarian Cancer, Lung Neoplasms, Ovarian Neoplasms, Peritoneal Neoplasms, and Fallopian Tube Cancer, among others. 
it appears as white crystals or fine white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a benzenedicarboxylic acid cosisting of two carboxy groups at ortho positions. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a phthalate(1-) and a phthalate. 
(1XI, 3S)-1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as harmala alkaloids. Harmala alkaloids are compounds with a structure based on harmaline, harmine, harmalol, harman or a derivative of those parents. These parents are beta-carbolines, consisting of a pyrimidine fused to the pyrrole moiety of an indole to form a pyrido[3, 4-b]indole (1XI, 3S)-1, 2, 3, 4-Tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1xi, 3S)-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1xi, 3S)-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes (1xi, 3S)-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-1-methyl-beta-carboline-1, 3-dicarboxylic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a branched alkane consisting of heptadecane bearing two methyl substituents at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of guanfacine, a centrally acting alpha-2 adrenergic agonist with antihypertensive activity. Alpha-2 receptor stimulation by it results in a decreased sympathetic outflow from the vasomotor center to the heart, kidneys, and peripheral vasculature. This leads to a decrease in heart rate and peripheral vascular resistance. (NCI05) 
3-methoxy-4-hydroxy-5-all-trans-polyprenylbenzoic acid is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is 4-hydroxybenzoic acid substituted with a methoxy group at C-3 and a polyprenyl chain of unspecified length at C-5. It is an olefinic compound, a monohydroxybenzoic acid and a methoxybenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-methoxy-4-hydroxy-5-all-trans-polyprenylbenzoate. 
it is a triazolopyridine that is 5,6,7,8-tetrahydro[1,2,4]triazolo[4,3-a]pyridin-3(2H)-one which is substituted at position 2 by a 2,4-dichloro-5-(prop-2-yn-1-yloxy)phenyl group. A protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide to control weeds in fruit crops such as pineapple, citrus, melons, and grapes. Not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. It is a triazolopyridine, a terminal acetylenic compound and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a dithioacetal consisting of two molecules of L-cysteine joined via their sulfanyl groups to methylene. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a toxin. It is a dithioacetal, a L-cysteine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a tricyclic antidepressant that widely used in the therapy of depression. it can cause mild and transient serum enzyme elevations but is a rare cause of clinically apparent acute cholestatic liver injury. it is a dibenzoxepin derivative and tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) with antipruritic, antidepressive and anxiolytic activities. it blocks the reuptake of norepinephrine and serotonin (5-HT) into presynaptic terminals thereby prolonging the availability of the monoaminergic neurotransmitters within the synaptic cleft and enhancing their neurotransmission. it also has antagonistic effects on histamine H1, 5-HT2, alpha-1 adrenergic, and muscarinic receptors. The antipruritic effect of this agent is mediated through inhibition of histamine receptors. 
it appears as a solid or paste-like semisolid. Used to make plastics. it is a mixture obtained by combining equimolar amounts of hydrogen peroxide and urea. It has a role as an oxidising agent, a reagent and a disinfectant. It contains a hydrogen peroxide and a urea. it is an agent composed of urea and hydrogen peroxide. As an earwax removal agent, it releases, upon administration into the ear, oxygen and causes foaming which helps soften, loosen and remove excessive earwax. It is also used as a disinfectant and in dentistry for its teeth whitening effects. 
Congmuyenoside a, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. Congmuyenoside a exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, congmuyenoside a is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, congmuyenoside a can be found in green vegetables. This makes congmuyenoside a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as DMMF CPD or fema 3664, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanones. Furanones are compounds containing a furan ring bearing a ketone group. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, mesifurane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a mildew, sweet, and caramel tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes mesifurane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a sesquiterpene that consists of (1S,5R)-2-methylbicyclo[3.1.0]hex-2-ene having a (2R)-6-methylhept-5-en-2-yl group attached at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a maleate ester resulting from the formal condensation of both carboxy groups of maleic acid with ethanol. A colourless liquid at room temperature (m.p. -10â„ƒ) with boiling point 220â„ƒ at 1 atm., it is commonly used as a dienophile for Diels-Alder-type cycloaddition reactions in organic synthesis. It has a role as a glutathione depleting agent. It is a maleate ester and an ethyl ester. It derives from an ethanol. 
it is a 1,3,4-oxadiazole substituted by a 2-chlorophenyl group at position 2 and a 5-methyl-2-thienyl group at position 5. It is a member of thiophenes, a member of 1,3,4-oxadiazoles and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a member of the class of 2,1-benzoxathioles that is 2,1-benzoxathiole 1,1-dioxide in which both of the hydrogens at position 3 have been substituted by 3-bromo-4-hydroxy-5-methylphenyl groups. A hydrophilic dye that is used as a pH indicator and to measure serum albumin concentrations. It has a role as an acid-base indicator, a dye and a two-colour indicator. It is a 2,1-benzoxathiole, an arenesulfonate ester, an organobromine compound, a sultone and a polyphenol. 
it is a ketone that is 4-hydroxy-2-butanone in which the hydroxy hydrogen has been replaced by a propyl group. It is a ketone and an ether. 
it is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of 2-hydroxy-(indol-3-yl)acetic acid. This is a very minor tautomer; the major tautomer is the corresponding oxindole. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxy-(indol-3-yl)acetic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is 3,3-dimethylbutanamide substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 4 and a 3-hydroxypropyl group at the carbomyl nitrogen. It has a role as a cholinergic drug and a provitamin. It is an amino alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is an alcoholic analogue of D-pantothenic acid and cholinergic agent. it acts as a precursor of coenzyme A necessary for acetylation reactions and is involved in the synthesis of acetylcholine. Although the exact mechanism of the actions of it is unclear, it may enhance the effect of acetylcholine. it acts on the gastrointestinal tract and increases lower intestinal motility. It is also applied topically to the skin to relieve itching and to promote healing. 
it is a semi-synthetic macrolide antibiotic obtained by acetylation of the three free hydroxy groups of oleandomycin. it is only found in individuals that have taken the drug. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.97 (taurochenodeoxycholate 6alpha-hydroxylase) inhibitor and a xenobiotic. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a polyketide, a monosaccharide derivative, an epoxide, an acetate ester and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from an oleandomycin. 
it is a bromophenol containing only hydroxy and bromo substituents that are para to one another. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a persistent organic pollutant, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a rat metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a marine metabolite. 
it is a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid in which the hydroxy group is located at the 7alpha-position. A structural derivative of the bile acid, chenodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid, a bile acid and a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid. 
it, also known as fema 3230 or mercaptoethylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cabbage, meaty, and sulfurous taste. 
it is a dibenzodioxocine that is the 1'-O-acetyl derivative of penicillide. It is isolated from Penicillium purpurogenum and acts as an acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.26 (sterol O-acyltransferase) inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a lactone, a member of phenols, an acetate ester and a dibenzodioxocine. It derives from an AS-186a. 
it is a member of quinolines and an organic iodide salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a cryptocyanin cation. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is androst-4-ene carrying three oxo-substituents at positions 3, 11 and 17. It has a role as an androgen, a human urinary metabolite, a marine metabolite and an EC 1.1.1.146 (11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 17-oxo steroid, an androstanoid and an 11-oxo steroid. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 
it is a it in which the double bond at position 6-7 has E configuration. It is the major or sole alarm pheromone in most species of aphid. It has a role as an alarm pheromone and a metabolite. 
2, 3-Diethyl-5, 6-dimethylpyrazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 3-Diethyl-5, 6-dimethylpyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 2, 3-diethyl-5, 6-dimethylpyrazine can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 3-diethyl-5, 6-dimethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a brominated analog of mannitol with potential antineoplastic activity. it most likely acts through alkylation via derived epoxide groups. 
it is a glucosaminoglycan consisting of L-asparagine having the heptasaccharide alpha-D-Man-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Man-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Man-(1->6)]-alpha-D-Man-(1->6)]-beta-D-Man-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcNAc-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcNAc attached at the N(4)-position It is a N(4)-glycosyl-L-asparagine, a glucosamine oligosaccharide and a glucosaminoglycan. It derives from an alpha-D-Manp-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Manp-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Manp-(1->6)]-alpha-D-Manp-(1->6)]-beta-D-Manp-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcpNAc-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcpNAc. 
it is a chlorophenylmethane that is methane in which two of the hydrogens have been replaced by p-chlorophenyl groups. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a chlorophenylmethane. It derives from a hydride of a diphenylmethane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as angular pyranocoumarins. These are organic compounds containing a pyran (or a hydrogenated derivative) angularly fused to a coumarin moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in citrus. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a polyunsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of (7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosapentaenoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a docosapentaenoate and a (7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosapentaenoyl derivative. It is a conjugate base of a (7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosapentaenoic acid. 
it is a pyrrolo[3,4-b]pyrazine compound having a 4-methylpiperazine-1-carboxyl group at the 5-position, a 5-chloropyridin-2-yl group at the 6-position and an oxo-substituent at the 7-position. It has a role as a central nervous system depressant and a sedative. It is a pyrrolopyrazine and a monochloropyridine. it is the racemic form of a nonbenzodiazepine, cyclopyrrolone with hypnotic and sedative activity and without significant anxiolytic activity. Although the exact mechanism of action remains to be fully elucidated, it is able to bind to and activate the omega-1 subtype of the alpha subunit of the gamma-aminobutyric acid-benzodiazepine GABA receptor complex (GABA-A), a chloride ionophore complex in the central nervous system (CNS). This leads to the opening of chloride channels, causing hyperpolarization, inhibition of neuronal firing, and enhancement of the inhibitory effect of GABA. This eventually leads to a hypnotic effect and allows for an induction of sleep. 
An anionic surface-active agent used for its wetting properties in industry and used in medicine as an irritant and sclerosing agent for hemorrhoids and varicose veins. 
Tetrapropyl orthotitanate appears as a clear yellow liquid with a mild fruity odor. Slightly denser than water and dissolves in water. May irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. 
Aluminum nitrate appears as a white, crystalline solid. Noncombustible but can accelerate the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved or the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Fires that involve this material, produce oxides of nitrogen. Uses include, petroleum refining, dyeing, and leather tanning. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of one of the two OH groups in chromic acid. It is a chromium oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a chromic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a chromate(2-). 
it is an anthocyanin cation consisting of delphinidin having a beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at the 3-hydroxy position. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside and an anthocyanin cation. It derives from a delphinidin. It is a conjugate acid of a delphinidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside betaine. 
it is a thioaldehyde that is benzaldehyde in which the oxygen has been replaced by divalent sulfur. It is a thioaldehyde and a member of benzenes. It derives from a hydride of a toluene. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, pyrafoline D is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, pyrafoline D can be found in herbs and spices. This makes pyrafoline D a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Rhodamine 110 is an organic chloride salt and a xanthene dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a rhodamine 110(1+). 
it is a sulfanylbenzoic acid that is the 2-sulfanyl derivative of benzoic acid. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic and an antipyretic. It is a conjugate acid of a thiosalicylate(1-). 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide that is isolated from the previously unculturable bacterial species Eleftheria terrae and is active against gram-positive bacteria. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is a peptide antibiotic, a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. 
it, also known as b-hydroxycumene or fema 2732, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-phenyl-1-propanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
A noncompetitive antagonist at GABA-A receptors and thus a convulsant. it blocks the GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID-activated chloride ionophore. Although it is most often used as a research tool, it has been used as a CNS stimulant and an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially the barbiturates. 
it is a C19-steroid that is testosterone in which the hydrogen at the 16alpha position has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an androgen. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a C19-steroid, an androstanoid, a diol and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a testosterone. 
Vapreotide is a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin with direct and indirect antitumor effects. Vapreotide binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity, in the similar behaviors as other octapeptide somatostatin analogues. Like octreotide, this agent has direct and indirect antitumor effects via inhibiting the release of growth hormone and other peptides that regulate release of insulin, gastrointestinal hormones. Furthermore, vapreotide may also be useful for inducing hemostasis in cases of acute hemorrhage of the upper gastrointestinal tract. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is 7-hydroxyisoflavone and in which the phenyl group at position 3 is replaced by a 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl group. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzodioxoles and a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Methionine S-oxide is the S-oxide derivative of methionine. It is a biomarker of oxidative stress. It has a role as a biomarker and a human metabolite. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound consisting of two ortho-fused cyclopentane rings and containing one double bond located at position 2. It is a polycyclic olefin and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is the 1,2-cyclic phosphate derived from glycerol. It derives from a glycerol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
4-bromophenyl 2,4-dibromophenyl ether is a polybromodiphenyl ether that is diphenyl ether in which the hydrogens at the 2, 4, and 4' positions have been replaced by bromines. 
it is an ergoline alkaloid comprising 6-methylergoline having additional unsaturation at the 9,10-position and a carboxy group at the 8-position. It derives from a hydride of a 6-methylergoline. 
it appears as a water-white to pale yellow liquid with an acetone-like odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Flash point near 135Â°F. May be toxic by ingestion. Used as a solvent. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-benzimidazol-2-one in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a piperidin-4-yl group, which in turn is substituted on the nitrogen by a 4,4-bis(p-fluorophenyl)butyl group. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic, an antidyskinesia agent and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a member of benzimidazoles, an organofluorine compound and a heteroarylpiperidine. it is a diphenylbutylpiperidine derivative and a dopamine antagonist with antipsychotic property. it selectively inhibits type 2 dopaminergic receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby decreasing dopamine neurotransmission and reducing the occurrence of motor and vocal tics and delusions of parasitosis. In addition, this agent antagonizes alpha-adrenergic and 5-HT2 receptors. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 7-hydroxytrichodermol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Acarbose is a pseudotetrasaccharide and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase with antihyperglycemic activity. Acarbose binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, acarbose inhibits pancreatic alpha-amylase which hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the small intestines. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as protoberberine alkaloids and derivatives. These are alkaloids with a structure based on a protoberberine moiety, which consists of a 5, 6-dihydrodibenzene moiety fused to a quinolizinium and forming 5, 6-Dihydrodibenzo(a, g)quinolizinium skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, lambertine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, lambertine can be found in fruits and tea. This makes lambertine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 4' and 5' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at position 3' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a flavanone glycoside, a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a monosaccharide derivative, a beta-D-glucoside and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is an analogue of the hormone vasopressin with antidiuretic and antihemorrhagic properties. it has selective affinity for the V2 receptor and acts on the distal kidney tubule by increasing the cellular permeability thereby stimulating water reabsorption. This antidiuretic agent is used in the treatment of central diabetes insipidus. An unrelated action of it is to increases circulating factor VIII and is used in patients with haemophilia and von Willebrand's disease. 
1-methyl-pyrazole-4-carboxylic acid is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is N-methylpyrazole substituted by a carboxy group at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of pyrazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a N-methylpyrazole. 
it is the first intermediate in the biosynthesis of vitamin B12 from uroporphyrinogen III, in which one methyl group has been introduced at position 2 of the tetrapyrrole framework. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is iminodiacetic acid with an oxo substituent. It is used as an inhibitor of alpha-ketoglutarate dependent (EC 1.14.11.*) enzymes. It has a role as an EC 1.14.11.* (oxidoreductase acting on paired donors, 2-oxoglutarate as one donor, incorporating 1 atom each of oxygen into both donors) inhibitor. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and a N-acylglycine. 
it is an iodothyronine having iodo substituents in the 3-, 3'-, 5- and 5'-positions and a sulfate group attached to the phenol function. It derives from a thyroxine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an oxooctadecadienoic acid that consists of (10E,12Z)-octadecadienoic acid with the oxo substituent located at position 9. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an oxooctadecadienoic acid and an enone. It derives from a 9-HODE. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a tetracycline with broad-spectrum antibacterial and antiprotozoal activity. it is bacteriostatic and inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby preventing the addition of amino acids to the growing peptide chain. This tetracycline is active against a wide range of gram-positive and gram-negative organisms, spirochetes, rickettsial species, certain protozoa and Mycoplasma and Chlamydia organisms. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as cereals and cereal products, nuts, coffee and coffee products, and mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is ethyl mandelate in which the hydroxy group has been replaced by a (dimethoxyphosphorothioyl)sulfanediyl group. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and an ethyl ester. 
it is an aryl phosphate resulting from the formal condensation of phosphoric acid with 3 mol eq. of phenol. It has a role as a flame retardant and a plasticiser. It derives from a phenol. 
it is trianion of 5,10-methylenetetrahydromethanopterin arising from deprotonation of phosphate and carboxy groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of a 5,10-methylenetetrahydromethanopterin. 
it, also known as N-ivga or N-isovaleryl-DL-glutamate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glutamic acid and derivatives. Glutamic acid and derivatives are compounds containing glutamic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of glutamic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the class of dihydroflavonols that is (+)-dihydrokaempferol substituted by a prenyl group at position 8 and a beta-D-glucopyranosyl group at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. Isolated from Phellodendron amurense and Commiphora africana, it exhibits inhibition of intestinal P-glycoprotein. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of dihydroflavonols, a flavanone glycoside, a trihydroxyflavanone, a monosaccharide derivative, a beta-D-glucoside and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (+)-dihydrokaempferol. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is lanosta-8,24-diene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at the 3beta position. It is the compound from which all steroids are derived. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a 14alpha-methyl steroid. It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 
it is a colorless to yellowish liquid with a strong garlic-like odor. It is insoluble in water. It is liable to heat and ignite spontaneously in air. If involved in a fire phosphine gas, a highly flammable and toxic gas, will evolve. It is irritating to mucous membranes. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of cortisol phosphate. It contains a cortisol phosphate(2-). 
Desoxyn is a DEA controlled drug. The active ingredient Methamphetamine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. Desoxyn is classified by the DEA as Stimulants. Street names for Methamphetamine are Meth, Speed, Ice, Shards, Bikers Coffee, Stove Top, Tweak, Yaba, Trash, Chalk, Crystal, Crank, and Shabu. 
2, 4-Dimethylpyridine, also known as 2, 4-lutidene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methylpyridines. These are organic compounds containing a pyridine ring substituted at one or more positions by a methyl group. 2, 4-Dimethylpyridine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethylpyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a linear amino tetrasaccharide consisting of two sialyl, one galactose and one glucose residue (at the reducing end) connected by sequential alpha-(2->8)-, alpha-(2->3)- and beta-(1->4)-linkages. 
it is a triol that is butane carrying three hydroxy substituents at position 1, 2 and 3. It derives from a butane. 
it is a carbazole derivative with antiemetic activity. As a selective serotonin receptor antagonist, it competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5HT3 receptors, resulting in suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. (NCI04) 
it, also known as 2-ketobutan-3-yl butanoate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 1-methyl-2-oxopropyl butyrate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an acetic, berry, and butter taste. 
A muscarinic antagonist that has effects in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been used in the treatment of arteriosclerotic, idiopathic, and postencephalitic parkinsonism. It has also been used to alleviate extrapyramidal symptoms induced by phenothiazine derivatives and reserpine. 
it is a water-soluble, semi-synthetic derivative of the sesquiterpine lactone artemisinin with anti-malarial, anti-schistosomiasis, antiviral, and potential anti-neoplastic activities. Upon hydrolysis of it's active endoperoxide bridge moiety by liberated heme in parasite-infected red blood cells, reactive oxygen species and carbon-centered radicals form, which have been shown to damage and kill parasitic organisms. Additionally, in vitro studies demonstrate that this agent induces DNA breakage in a dose-dependent manner. it has also been shown to stimulate cell differentiation, arrest the cell cycle in the G1 and G2/M phases, inhibit cell proliferation, and induce apoptosis through mitochondrial and caspase signaling pathways. Artemisinin is isolated from the plant Artemisia annua. 
it is an imine that is 4-methylidenecyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-imine in which both the hydrogens of the methylidene group are replaced by 4-aminophenyl groups. The hydrochloride salt is the histological dye 'pararosaniline'. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a substituted aniline and an imine. It is a conjugate base of a pararosaniline(1+). 
it is a carbamate ester that is the isopropyl ester of (3,4-diethoxyphenyl)carbamic acid. A fungicide with strong activity against Botrytis cinerea and benzimidazole-resistant strains of Botryis spp. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a carbamate ester, an aromatic ether and a carbanilate fungicide. It derives from an aniline. 
it has been used in trials studying the basic science and prevention of Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation, Persistent or Permanent Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation, and Persistent or Permanent Non-valvular Atrial Fibrillation. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is N-[o-(2-chloroethoxy)phenyl]sulfonylurea in which one of the hydrogens attached to the non-sulfonylated nitrogen has been replaced by a 4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl group. A herbicide used to control broad-leaved weeds in cereals, its use within the EU has been banned after September 2017 on the grounds of potential groundwater contamination and risks to aquatic life. It has a role as a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, a N-sulfonylurea, a member of 1,3,5-triazines and an organochlorine compound. 
Laurolitsine, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof. Laurolitsine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, laurolitsine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a tertiary amino compound that is 2-(aminomethyl)-N,N-dimethylpropane-1,3-diamine in which the primary ammino groups have each been acylated by condensation with the carboxy group of 2-{3-[(1R)-3-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-1-hydroxypropyl]phenoxy}acetic acid, the hydroxy groups of which have been esterified by condensation with the carboxy group of L-pipecolic acid, the nitrogen of which has been acylated by condensation with (2S)-2-(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)butyric acid. It is a synthetic, cell-permeable ligand that can be used to induce homodimerization of fusion proteins containing the DmrB domain. It has a role as a ligand. It is a N-acylpiperidine, a carboxylic ester, an aromatic ether and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a bifunctional mechlorethamine derivative with alkylating and antimetabolite activities. Although the exact mechanism of action of it is unknown, this agent appears to alkylate and crosslink macromolecules, resulting in DNA, RNA and protein synthesis inhibition, and eventually the induction of apoptosis. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid, methionine, with the S-methyl group trifluoro-substituted. It is an organofluorine compound, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-methionine derivative. 
it is a white crystalline, odorless solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. It is water emulsifiable. It is toxic by inhalation, skin absorption, and/or ingestion. When heated or burned it may emit toxic hydrogen chloride and phosgene. It is used as a pesticide. 
, also known as isoglabranin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-prenylated flavanones. These are flavanones that features a C5-isoprenoid substituent at the 6-position. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 2-arylpropionic acid carrying a phenyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of alpha-methylstyrene (AMS), a volatile hydrocarbon. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. 
it is a crystalline solid. Melting point 104-106Â°F (40-41Â°C). Used as a herbicide. it is an aromatic amide that is N-(2,6-diethylphenyl)acetamide substituted by a methoxymethyl group at at the nitrogen atom while one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by a chlorine atom. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is an organochlorine compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an aromatic amide. It derives from a N-phenylacetamide. 
it is a lignan that is tetrahydrofuran substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 4, a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 5 and a 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl moiety at position 2 (the 2S,3R,4R,5R stereoisomer). Isolated from the aerial parts of Piper futokadsura, it exhibits inhibitory activity against production of nitric oxide (NO). It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a member of benzodioxoles and a member of oxolanes. 
it, also known as P-hydroxy-pb, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as barbituric acid derivatives. Barbituric acid derivatives are compounds containing a perhydropyrimidine ring substituted at C-2, -4 and -6 by oxo groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
(11S,12R)-EET is an 11,12-EET in which the epoxy moiety has 11S,12R-configuration. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an (11S,12R)-EET(1-). It is an enantiomer of an (11R,12S)-EET. 
it is a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid obtained via hydrolysis of the beta-lactam ring of amoxicillin. It has a role as an allergen. It is a conjugate acid of an amoxicilloate. 
it is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid that is isolated from the bark of Phyllanthus engleri, a plant native to Tanzania and Zimbabwe. It acts as a potent and specific inhibitor of renal cancer cell growth. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a guaiane sesquiterpenoid, a cinnamate ester and a glycolate ester. 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is 2H-1,2,3-triazole carrying two phenyl substituents at positions 4 and 5. It is a triazole and a ring assembly. It derives from a 2H-1,2,3-triazole. 
it is a 2-phenylcyclopropan-1-amine that is the (1S,2R)-enantiomer of tranylcypromine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (1R,2S)-tranylcypromine. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is phenyl 1H-pyrazol-4-yl ketone in which the pyrazolyl group is substituted at positions 1 and 5 by methyl and hydroxy groups, respectively, and in which the phenyl group is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 4 by methyl, 4,5-dihydro-1,2-oxazol-3-yl, and methylsulfonyl groups, respectively. A potent inhibitor of 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase (HPPD) that is rapily metabolised by corn to non-active substances, it is used as a herbicide for the treatment of broadleaf weeds. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a sulfone, a member of isoxazoles, an aromatic ketone and a pyrazolone. 
it is an orally active, small molecule antibiotic for treatment of pulmonary TB. Currently in Phase I clinical trials, it could replace one or more drugs in the current first-line TB drug regimen, simplify therapy, and shorten the TB treatment regimen. 
it is a primary alcohol that is the S-methyl derivative of mercaptoethanol. It is found as a volatile component in Cucumis melo Var. cantalupensis. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an aliphatic sulfide and a primary alcohol. It derives from a mercaptoethanol. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2Z)-2-methylbut-2-enoic (angelic) acid with the 3-hydroxy group of ingenol. Used for the topical treatment of actinic keratosis. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, a carboxylic ester and a cyclic terpene ketone. It derives from an angelic acid and an ingenol. it is a selective small-molecule activator of protein kinase C (PKC) isolated from the plant Euphorbia peplus with potential antineoplastic activity. it activates various protein kinase C (PKC) isoforms, thereby inducing apoptosis in some tumor cells, including myeloid leukemia cells, melanoma cells, and basal cell carcinoma cells. The PKC family consists of signaling isoenzymes that regulate many cell processes including proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis. 
it is a rose oxide in which both of the stereocentres have R configuration. It is also known as it. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,4S)-rose oxide. 
it is a nutritional supplement containing the zinc salt form of gluconic acid for the purpose of providing zinc. As an essential trace element, zinc is of key importance in many biological processes, acts as an antioxidant and strengthens the immune system. Although the mechanism of action is not completely known, zinc supplementation may be used to increase immunity against viruses or may interfere with the replication of certain viruses, such as the human papillomavirus (HPV). 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a second generation (atypical) antipsychotic agent that is taken sublingually and used in the treatment of schizophrenia and manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar 1 disorder. it is associated with a low rate of transient and mild serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy, but has not been linked to instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is an ammonium betaine that is the conjugate base of choline hydrogen sulfate, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfate OH group. It is an ammonium betaine and a member of its. It is a conjugate base of a choline hydrogen sulfate. 
it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is 2,4-heptadienoic acid substituted by hydroxy and oxo groups at positions 2 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and an enone. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-6-oxo-2,4-heptadienoate. 
it is a tetradecenoic acid in which the double bond is at the 9-10 position and has Z configuration. it has been isolated from Serenoa repens and has cytotoxic and apoptosis-inducing effects. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, a plant metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor. It is a tetradecenoic acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a myristoleate. 
it is a fumarate salt prepared from equimolar amounts of bedaquiline and fumaric acid. It is used in combination therapy for the treatment of pulmonary multi-drug resistant tuberculosis by inhibition of ATP synthase, an enzyme essential for the replication of the mycobacteria. It has a role as an antitubercular agent and an ATP synthase inhibitor. It contains a bedaquiline(2+). 
it, sodium salt appears as odorless white crystals or crystalline powder. Aqueous solution is neutral or alkaline to litmus, but not alkaline to phenolphthalein. Effloresces in dry air. Intensely sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a 1,2-benzisothiazole having a keto-group at the 3-position and two oxo substituents at the 1-position. It is used as an artificial sweetening agent. It has a role as a sweetening agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a 1,2-benzisothiazole and a N-sulfonylcarboxamide. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, a mutagen and an antineoplastic agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an ether. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a methoxyacetate. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound consisting of 1,3,6,7-tetrahydroxyxanthen-9-one having a beta-D-glucosyl residue at the 6-position. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a member of xanthones. It derives from a xanthone. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 6-(diethylamino)-N,N-diethyl-3H-xanthen-3-iminium as the cation. Depending on the mode of manufacture, pyronin B also exists in the form of an FeCl3 complex. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an organic chloride salt and an iminium salt. It contains a pyronin B(1+). 
it is a trisaccharide found in vegetables consisting of beta-D-fructofuranose having beta-D-fructofuranosyl and alpha-D-glucopyranosyl residues attached at the 1- and 2-positions respectively. 
it, also known as it(2-) or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine nucleotide sugars. These are pyrimidine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as garden tomato (var. ), pigeon pea, rice, and summer grape. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a synthetic piperidine derivative, effective against diarrhoea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an antidiarrhoeal drug and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of piperidines, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tertiary alcohol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic agent chemically related to the opiates with anti-diarrheal properties. it decreases gastro-intestinal motility by effects on the circular and longitudinal muscles of the intestine. Part of its anti-diarrheal effect may be due to a reduction of gastro-intestinal secretion produced by opioid receptor binding in the intestinal mucosa. (NCI04) 
it is a diterpenoid isolated from Ajuga lupulina and has been shown to exhibit anti-inflammatory and antibacterial activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor and a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor. It is a diterpenoid, a furofuran, an acetate ester and an epoxide. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder with a feebly acid taste. pH (saturated aqueous solution) 2.7. pH (1.3% solution) 3-3.5. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid that is pyridine in which the hydrogen at position 3 is replaced by a carboxy group. It has a role as an antidote, an antilipemic drug, a vasodilator agent, a metabolite, a B vitamin, an EC 3.5.1.19 (nicotinamidase) inhibitor, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid and a pyridine alkaloid. It is a conjugate acid of a nicotinate. it is a water-soluble vitamin belonging to the vitamin B family, which occurs in many animal and plant tissues, with antihyperlipidemic activity. it is converted to its active form itamide, which is a component of the coenzymes nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) and its phosphate form, NADP. These coenzymes play an important role in tissue respiration and in glycogen, lipid, amino acid, protein, and purine metabolism. Although the exact mechanism of action by which it lowers cholesterol is not fully understood, it may act by inhibiting the synthesis of very low density lipoproteins (VLDL), inhibiting the release of free fatty acids from adipose tissue, increasing lipoprotein lipase activity, and reducing the hepatic synthesis of VLDL-C and LDL-C. 
Cocaethylene, also known as it or ethylcocaine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. Cocaethylene is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Cocaethylene has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, cocaethylene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a yellowish-colored crystalline solid with a pungent, irritating odor. Poisonous by ingestion or inhalation of vapors. May severely damage skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used to make dyes and as a photographic chemical. it is the simplest member of the class of its, obtained by the formal oxidation of hydroit to the corresponding diketone. It is a metabolite of benzene. It has a role as a cofactor, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is the acetate salt of an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. Caspofungin inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
it is a diterpenoid that is 6a,7,8,10a-tetrahydro-6H-benzo[c]chromene substituted at position 1 by a hydroxy group, positions 6, 6 and 9 by methyl groups and at position 3 by a pentyl group. A biosynthetic precursor to Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol, the principal psychoactive constituent of the cannabis plant. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a neuroprotective agent, a biomarker and a metabolite. It is a diterpenoid, a benzochromene, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a polyketide and a phytocannabinoid. It is a conjugate acid of a Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinolate. 
it is a green crystalline solid. It is slightly soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in ceramics. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)pyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a pyruvate. It is a conjugate base of a (4-hydroxyphenyl)pyruvic acid. 
it is a thiolactone arising from formal condensation of the mercapto (sulfanyl) and carboxylic acid groups of L-homocysteine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a thiolactone and a member of tetrahydrothiophenes. It derives from a L-homocysteine. 
it is a salt typically used as a source of calcium in a variety of over the counter supplements. it is the citrate salt of calcium. An element necessary for normal nerve, muscle, and cardiac function, calcium as the citrate salt helps to maintain calcium balance and prevent bone loss when taken orally. This agent may also be chemopreventive for colon and other cancers. (NCI04) 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a 2-amino-3-(2-methylenecyclopropyl)propanoic acid. It has a role as a phytotoxin and a plant metabolite. 
it is a UDP-sugar in which the sugar component is L-iduronic acid. It is a member of iduronates and an UDP-sugar. It derives from a L-idopyranuronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-L-iduronate(3-). 
it is a polyketide isolated from the bark of Asimina triloba. It has been shown to exhibit cytotoxicity in the NCI human tumor cell line screen. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a polyketide, a butenolide and a triol. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of mycophenolic acid with the anomeric hydroxy group of beta-D-glucuronic acid. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a gamma-lactone, a member of phenols and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a mycophenolic acid and a beta-D-glucuronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid substituted by a formyl group at position 3, a hydroxy group at position 5 and a 2,6-dihydroxybenzoyl group at position 4. Isolated from Penicillium purpurogenum, it exhibits antiviral activity. It has a role as an antiviral agent, an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a member of benzoic acids, a member of benzaldehydes, a member of resorcinols and a member of benzophenones. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is cyclohexane in which a single hydrogen is replaced by a nitro group. It is a carbocyclic compound and a nitrohydrocarbon. 
it is a labdane diterpenoid isolated from the Indian Coleus plant. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an anti-HIV agent, a protein kinase A agonist, an adenylate cyclase agonist, an antihypertensive agent and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is a labdane diterpenoid, an acetate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a triol, a cyclic ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
Prisms (from water) or white crystalline powder. Distinct amine fishy or ammonia-like odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of 1,2,dimethylhydrazine with 2 mol eq. of hydrogen chloride. It contains a 1,2-dimethylhydrazine(2+). 
it is an ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of (2S,3S,5R,10R,12S,14S,15R,16R)-2-amino-12,16-dimethylicosane-3,5,10,14,15-pentol. Major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a (2S,3S,5R,10R,12S,14S,15R,16R)-2-amino-12,16-dimethylicosane-3,5,10,14,15-pentol. 
Amylose is a glucan composed of unbranched chains of D-glucopyranose residues in alpha(1->4) glycosidic linkage. The number of repeated glucose subunits (n) is usually in the range of 300 to 3000, but can be many thousands. One of the two components of starch (the other, 70-80%, being amylopectin). Cf. linear maltodextrin, in which the chain length is typically between 3 and 17 glucose units. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the ester formed between N-hydroxysuccinimide and (4-hydroxy-5-iodo-3-nitrophenyl)acetic acid. It is a N-hydroxysuccinimide ester and a member of 2-nitrophenols. It contains a (4-hydroxy-3-iodo-5-nitrophenyl)acetyl group. It derives from a (4-hydroxy-3-iodo-5-nitrophenyl)acetic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monocyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing 1 ring in the isoprene chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in citrus and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a imidazolidine-2,4-dione that consists of hydantoin bearing phenyl and 4-hydroxyphenyl substituents at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydantoin. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and polyketide that is 11a,11b-dihydrobenzo[b]cyclopenta[2,3]indeno[4,5-e][1,4]dioxine-6,8,9(8aH)-trione which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 7, and by methyl groups at the 2, 8a, 11 and 11b positions. A cathepsin K inhibitor, it was first isolated from Paecilomyces carneus and subsequently obtained from Aspergillus nidulans cocultivated with a soil-dwelling actinomycete. It has a role as an EC 3.4.22.38 (cathepsin K) inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. It is a polyketide, a member of phenols and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 
Maltotetraose is a maltotetraose tetrasaccharide in which the glucose residue at the reducing end is in the aldehydo open-chain form. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it appears as colorless liquid or white to yellow crystalline solid with an odor of dead fish or ammonia. Liquid floats and mixes with water. Solid sinks and mixes in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a secondary amino compound that is diethanolamine substituted by methyl groups at positions 1 and 1'. It is a versatile chemical used in a variety of personal care, cosmetic and industrial products. It has a role as a surfactant, an emulsifier and a buffer. It is a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and an aminodiol. It derives from a 1-aminopropan-2-ol. 
it is a valine derivative that is valine in which the amino group has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an isovaleric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-3-methylbutyrate. 
it is a member of the class of triazoloquinazolines that is [1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-c]quinazoline substited at positions 2, 5 and 9 by furan-2-yl, amino and chloro groups respectively. A potent antagonist at adenosine A1 and adenosine A2A receptors. It has a role as an adenosine A1 receptor antagonist, an adenosine A2A receptor antagonist, a central nervous system stimulant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a triazoloquinazoline, an organochlorine compound, a member of furans, a biaryl, an aromatic amine and a primary amino compound. 
it is a member of the class of maleimides carrying 3-chloro-4-hydroxyphenylamino and 2-nitrophenyl substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor, an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of maleimides, a member of nitrobenzenes, a member of phenols, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a substituted aniline and a secondary amino compound. 
Stannane, acetoxytriphenyl- appears as a white crystalline solid. Melting point 123-131Â°C (253-268Â°F). Used as a fungicide, algaecide and molluscicide. Controls early and late blight on potatoes. it is an organotin compound that is the O-acetyl derivative of triphenyltin hydroxide. A fungicide used to control blights on potatoes, leaf spot diseases on sugar beet and anthracnose on beans. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organotin compound and an acetate ester. It derives from a fentin hydroxide. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group from 4,5-dimethyl-2-(trimethylsilyl)thiophene-3-carboxlic acid with the amino group of allylamine. A fungicide seed dressing for cereals used mainly to control 'take-all'. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of thiophenes, an organosilicon compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an olefinic compound and an amide fungicide. 
it belongs to a novel class of insulin sensitizers developed for treatment of type 2 diabetes. In insulin-resistant rodent models, it and a close analog lowered both fasting blood glucose and insulin levels and improved glycemic excursion during an oral glucose tolerance test. it is an inhibitor of the protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) and dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) alpha and gamma agonist with hypoglycemic and anti-lipidemic activity. it inhibits PTP1B preventing the dephosphorylation of the insulin receptor, which improves insulin sensitivity and decreases blood glucose levels. In addition, this agent is able to stimulate both PPAR alpha and gamma thereby further improving glucose homeostasis and reducing triglyceride (TG) and free fatty acid levels. it was also shown to be a potent inhibitor of IkappaB kinase beta (IKKbeta), which cotributes to its anti-inflammatory properties. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is glutaric acid substituted at position 2 by a methyl group. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide substituted by an acetylamino group at position 4 and a 4,6-dimethyl-pyrimidin-2-yl group at the nitrogen atom. It is a metabolite of the antibiotic sulfamethazine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a sulfonamide, a member of acetamides and a member of pyrimidines. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of thiophene-2-carboxylic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a thiophene-2-carboxylic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzothiazoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene fused to a thiazole ring (a five-membered ring with four carbon atoms, one nitrogen atom and one sulfur atom). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-butylbenzothiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-butylbenzothiazole can be found in nuts. This makes 2-butylbenzothiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a tertiary amine in which the substituents on nitrogen are benzyl, phenyl and 3-(2-methylpropoxy)-2-(pyrrolidin-1-yl)propyl. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, an anti-arrhythmia drug, an antihypertensive agent and a calcium channel blocker. It is a tertiary amine and a member of pyrrolidines. 
3-(4-aminophenyl)pyruvic acid is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 3-(4-aminophenyl)propanoic acid which is substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a substituted aniline. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(4-aminophenyl)pyruvate. 
it is a hydrochloride salt prepared from equimolar amounts of pazopanib and hydrochloric acid. Used for treatment of kidney cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It contains a pazopanib(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of a small molecule inhibitor of multiple protein tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. Pazopanib selectively inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR)-1, -2 and -3, c-kit and platelet derived growth factor receptor (PDGF-R), which may result in inhibition of angiogenesis in tumors in which these receptors are upregulated. 
it is a monohydroxyquinoline that is quinolin-8-ol in which the hydrogens at positions 5 and 7 have been substituted by chlorine. A synthetic antibacterial prepared by chlorination of quinolin-8-ol, it is used for the treatment of dandruff and seborrhoeic dermatitis of the scalp. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antiseborrheic and an antifungal drug. It is a monohydroxyquinoline and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a quinolin-8-ol. it is a synthetic quinoline derivative with antibacterial activity. Although the mechanism of action is not fully understood, topical administration of it diminishes mitotic activity in the epidermis, thereby reducing excessive scaling associated with dandruff or seborrheic dermatitis of the scalp, including psoriasis and eczema. 
it is a dihydroxybenzaldehyde that is resorcinol which has been substituted by a formyl group para to one of the hydroxy groups. 
it is an S-substituted glutathione that is glutathione in which the mercapto hydrogen has been replaced by a chloromethyl group. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound and a S-substituted glutathione. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the L-enantiomer of selenomethionine. It is an enantiomer of a D-selenomethionine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is the amino acid methionine with selenium substituting for the sulphur moiety. Methionine is an essential amino acid in humans, whereas selenium is a free-radical scavenging anti-oxidant, essential for the protection of various tissues from the damages of lipid peroxidation. As a trace mineral that is toxic in high doses, selenium is a cofactor for glutathione peroxidase, an anti-oxidant enzyme that neutralizes hydrogen peroxide. it is considered a safe, efficacious form of selenium and is readily bioavailable. Selenium may be chemoprotective for certain cancers, particularly prostate cancer. (NCI04) 
1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-{[4-(phenylsulfanyl)benzyl]oxy}ethyl]imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles that carries a 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-{[4-(phenylsulfanyl)benzyl]oxy}ethyl group at position 1. It is a member of imidazoles, a dichlorobenzene, an ether and an aryl sulfide. 
it is an antibacterial agent used in swine. it is a mutagen/carcinogen and has been banned in Canada, Australia, and the European Union. 
Colored liquid with an amine odor. Used as a pharmaceutical, a central nervous system stimulant. (EPA, 1998) it is a primary amine that is isopropylamine in which a hydrogen attached to one of the methyl groups has been replaced by a phenyl group. it is a synthetic substance related to natural sympathomimetic amines. it appears to exert its central nervous system (CNS) and peripheral effects indirectly by inducing the release of biogenic amines from their storage sites in nerve terminals. This agent is a commonly abused psychostimulant drug, which may be snorted, taken orally, smoked, or injected. it induces psychologic dependence which is manifested by elevated mood, increased wakefulness, concentration, physical performance and a feeling of well-being. With sustained use, the effects of tachycardia and enhanced alertness diminish while psychotoxic effects such as hallucinations and delusions may occur. (NCI04) 
it is an aminoquinoline that consists of quinoline in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a 4-methylpiperazin-1-yl group. A 5-HT3 agonist. Has almost the same affinity for 5-HT3 sites as quipazine but unlike the latter, does not bind to 5-HT1B sites. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine and an aminoquinoline. 
it (anhydrous) is the monohydrochloride salt of levobupivacaine. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, an adrenergic antagonist, an amphiphile, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an EC 3.6.3.8 (Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It contains a levobupivacaine(1+). It is an enantiomer of a dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous). Levobupivacaine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of levobupivacaine, an amide derivative with anesthetic property. Levobupivacaine reversibly binds voltage-gated sodium channels to modulate ionic flux and prevent the initiation and transmission of nerve impulses (stabilizing neuronal membrane), thereby resulting in analgesia and anesthesia. In comparison with racemic bupivacaine, levobupivacaine is associated with less vasodilation and has a longer duration of action. 
it is an L-tyrosine derivative that is the ethyl ester of N-acetyltyrosine. It is an ethyl ester, a member of acetamides, a member of phenols and a L-tyrosine derivative. 
it is a triterpenoid obtained by methylation at positions 3 and 22 of squalene with concomitant double bond migration. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a squalene. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranoquinolines. These are polycyclic compounds containing a pyran ring fused to a quinoline moiety. Quinoline or benzo[b]pyridine is a bicyclic compound that consists of benzene fused to a pyridine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an indolyl carbohydrate that consists of (3aS,6S,6aR)-3,3a,6-trihydroxy-3-tetrahydrofuro[3,2-b]furan-2-one in which position 3 is substituted by an indol-3-ylmethyl group. Formed from indole-3-carbinol and ascorbic acid in brassica vegetables. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-ascorbic acid. 
An agent derived from licorice root. It is used for the treatment of digestive tract ulcers, especially in the stomach. Antidiuretic side effects are frequent, but otherwise the drug is low in toxicity. 
it is a D-alpha-amino acid that is D-isoleucine bearing an amino substituent at position 5. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and a D-isoleucine derivative. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Very corrosive to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metal. Toxic by skin absorption and by ingestion. it is a selenium oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenselenate. 
P(1),P(4)-bis(5'-guanosyl) tetraphosphate is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate compound having 5'-guanosyl residues at the P(1)- and P(4)-positions. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a guanosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a P(1),P(4)-bis(5'-guanosyl) tetraphosphate(4-). 
it, also known as 2-acetothienone or thiophene, 2-acetyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a sulfury tasting compound that can be found in kohlrabi. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid carrying a 2,3-dihydroxyphenyl substituent at C-3; a microbial metabolite of quinoline. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a (dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(2,3-dihydroxyphenyl)propanoate. 
Diquat is a yellow crystalline solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. It is a water emulsifiable liquid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. It is used as a herbicide. 
it is a cyclic beta-diketone consisting of indane-1,3-dione having a 4-methoxyphenyl substituent at the 4-position. It has a role as an anticoagulant and a vitamin K antagonist. It is a beta-diketone and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a hydride of an indane. it is a synthetic indanedione anticoagulant. it interferes with the vitamin K-dependent hepatic synthesis of active clotting factors by inhibiting the reduction of vitamin K. This leads to an inhibition of gamma-carboxylation of glutamic acid residues to gamma-carboxyglutamic acid in clotting factors II, VII, IX and X. The consequential effects of this inhibition include a reduced activity of these clotting factors and prolonged blood clotting time. 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from acetylation of one of the amino groups of dapsone. It is a sulfone, an anilide, a secondary carboxamide and a member of acetamides. It derives from a dapsone. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a beryllium molecular entity consisting of beryllium (+2 oxidation state) and oxide in the ratio 1:1. In the solid state, BeO adopts the hexagonal wurtzite structure form while in the vapour phase, it is present as discrete diatomic covalent molecules. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a beryllium molecular entity and a metal oxide. it is a white colored, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic fumes of its upon heating. it is widely used in industry due to its low density and high thermal and electrical conductivity. It is used in high-technology ceramics, electronic heat sinks, electrical insulators, high-power devices, high-density electrical circuits, microwaves, X-ray windows, nuclear reactor fuels and for various aerospace and military applications. Inhalation exposure to its dust irritates the nose, throat and lungs and can cause pneumonitis. Prolonged exposure can result in a chronic beryllium disease called berylliosis causing granuloma and fibrosis formation in the lungs. Beryllium is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer. (NCI05) 
it appears as a yellowish to brownish oily liquid with a musty fishy odor. Melting point -6Â°C; boiling point 184Â°C; flash point 158Â°F. Denser than water (8.5 lb / gal) and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to manufacture other chemicals, especially dyes, photographic chemicals, agricultural chemicals and others. it is a primary arylamine in which an amino functional group is substituted for one of the benzene hydrogens. It is a primary arylamine and a member of its. 
it is a potent, selective, orally active inhibitor of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) that has been studied in cancer therapy, lower back pain, and inflammation,,,. 
it is a member of the class of bipyridines that is 2,3'-bipyridin-6'-one substituted at positions 1' and 5' by phenyl and 2-cyanophenyl groups respectively. Used as an adjunctive therapy for the treatment of partial-onset seizures in patients with epilepsy. It has a role as an AMPA receptor antagonist and an anticonvulsant. It is a pyridone, a nitrile and a member of bipyridines. It derives from a benzonitrile. it is an orally active, non-competitive, and selective alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) glutamate receptor antagonist, with anti-epileptic activity. Although the mechanism of action through which it exerts its antiepileptic effect has not been fully elucidated, this agent antagonizes the AMPA subtype of the excitatory glutamate receptor found on postsynaptic neurons in the central nervous system (CNS). This antagonistic action prevents AMPA receptor activation by glutamate and results in the inhibition of neuronal excitation, repetitive neuronal firing, and the stabilization of hyper-excited neural membranes. Glutamate, the primary excitatory neurotransmitter in the CNS, plays an important role in various neurological disorders caused by neuronal hyperexcitation. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid consisting of propionic acid having a 3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl substituent at the 3-position. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4,5-trimethoxydihydrocinnamate. 
it appears as odorless white crystals or powder with a very bitter taste. A 1% solution in water is slightly alkaline to litmus. (NTP, 1992) it is a (synthetic) quaternary ammonium salt that is benzyldimethylamine in which the nitrogen is quaternised by a 2-{2-[p-(2,4,4-trimethylpentan-2-yl)phenoxy]ethoxy}ethyl group, with chloride as the counter-ion. An antiseptic and disinfectant, it is active against a broad spectrum of bacteria, fungi, moulds and viruses. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a disinfectant, an antibacterial agent, an antiviral agent and an antifungal agent. It is a quaternary ammonium salt, a chloride salt and an aromatic ether. 
it is a furopyridine that is furo[3,4-c]pyridin-3(1H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7 and a methoxy group at position 6. It is a metabolite of vitamin B6. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is a furopyridine, a lactone and a member of phenols. It derives from a 5-pyridoxic acid. 
it is an oxodicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid bearing a single oxo group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an oxo dicarboxylic acid and a C4-dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an oxaloacetate(2-). 
(2R)-3-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)lactic acid is a (2R)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is (R)-lactic acid substituted at position 3 by a 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl group. It is a (2R)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a 3-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2R)-3-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)lactate. 
Arbutin, also known as arbutoside or beta-arbutin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenolic glycosides. These are organic compounds containing a phenolic structure attached to a glycosyl moiety. Some examples of phenolic structures include lignans, and flavonoids. Among the sugar units found in natural glycosides are D-glucose, L-Fructose, and L rhamnose. Arbutin exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, arbutin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Arbutin is a bitter tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as apple, pomes, lingonberry, and sweet marjoram. This makes arbutin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the N-(6-aminohexanoyl) derivative of 6-aminohexanoic acid It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(6-aminohexanoyl)-6-aminohexanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid consisting of succinic acid carrying a 2-benzyl substituent. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-benzylsuccinate(2-) and a (R)-2-benzylsuccinate. 
it is a pyrazolotriazine that is pyrazolo[1,5-a][1,3,5]triazine substituted by a piperidin-3-yloxy group, [2-(1H-pyrazol-1-yl)benzyl]nitrilo group and an isopropyl group at positions 2, 4 and 8 respectively. It is a potent and selective CDK7 inhibitor and exhibits antiviral activity. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and an antiviral agent. It is a pyrazolotriazine, a member of pyrazoles, a member of piperidines, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic ether. 
it is a 2,3-dehydroamino acid that is alanine which has been dehydrogenated to introduce a double bond between positions 2 and 3. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an enamine, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a 2,3-dehydroamino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. It is a tautomer of a 2-ammonioprop-2-enoate, a 2-iminopropionic acid and a 2-iminiopropionate. 
it is a nitrile that is acetonitrile in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a p-chlorophenyl group. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a nitrile. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid that consists of ajmalan substituted at positions 17 and 21 by hydroxy groups. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and a hemiaminal. It is a conjugate base of an ajmalinium. It derives from a hydride of an ajmalan. 
it is an it that consists of erythronolide A having 2,6-dideoxy-3-C-methyl-3-O-methyl-alpha-L-ribo-hexopyranosyl and 3,4,6-trideoxy-3-(dimethylamino)-beta-D-xylo-hexopyranosyl residues attahced at positions 4 and 6 respectively. It is an it and a cyclic ketone. It derives from an erythronolide A. It is a conjugate base of an it A(1+). it is a broad-spectrum, macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. it may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
it is the acetate salt form of nafarelin, a modified synthetic porcine luteinizing hormone (LH)-releasing hormone peptide analog, with gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonist activity. Upon nasal inhalation, it binds to the GnRH receptor. This initially results in the release of the gonadotropins, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and LH, from the pituitary gland; however, prolonged stimulation of the GnRH receptor desensitizes the receptor, which leads to decreased secretion of FSH and LH. In females, the inhibition of gonadotropin secretion causes hypogonadotropic hypogonadism leading to decreased production of estrogen and progesterone and anovulation. In males, the inhibition of LH secretion prevents the production and release of testosterone from Leydig cells in the testes and causes a significant decline in testosterone production that is near the levels seen following castration. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion that consists of phosphoric acid in which one of the three OH groups has been deprotonated. It is a monovalent inorganic anion and a phosphate ion. It is a conjugate base of a phosphoric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenphosphate. 
it is a 2-phosphoglyceric acid in which the glyceric acid moiety has D (R) configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-phosphonato-D-glycerate(3-). 
it is an angelica lactone and a butenolide. It derives from a but-3-en-4-olide. It is a tautomer of a beta-angelica lactone. 
it appears as odorless or almost odorless white or yellowish-white crystalline powder. Very slightly bitter taste. Aqueous solution is neutral. (NTP, 1992) it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyridine with a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, a dermatologic drug, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a drug allergen. It is a member of pyridines, a sulfonamide, a substituted aniline and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a short-acting sulfonamide antibiotic and by-product of the non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug sulfasalazine. Its manufacture and use were discontinued in 1990. 
it is a second-generation antisense oligonucleotide against survivin mRNA with potential antitumor activity. Gataparsen hybridizes to survivin mRNA, thereby blocking translation of survivin protein, a member of the inhibitor of apoptosis (IAP) family. Survivin, expressed during embryonal development, is upregulated in a variety of human cancers while absent in most normal adult cells; its expression in tumors is associated with a more aggressive phenotype, shorter survival times, and a decreased response to chemotherapy. Silencing expression of survivin potentially leads to restoration of the apoptotic process in cancer cells, thereby facilitating chemotherapeutic treatments. 
it is dianion of NADH arising from deprotonation of the two diphosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a hydrogen donor and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a NADH. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is 2-chloroacetamide substituted by a 2,6-dimethylphenyl and a (1H-pyrazol-1-ylmethyl) group at the nitrogen atom. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. It is an aromatic amide, an organochlorine compound and a member of pyrazoles. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives. Indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid group (or a derivative thereof) linked to an indole. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
2, 3-Dimethyl-5-propylpyrazine, also known as N-pentylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 3-Dimethyl-5-propylpyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 3-dimethyl-5-propylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 3-dimethyl-5-propylpyrazine can be found in cereals and cereal products and crustaceans. This makes 2, 3-dimethyl-5-propylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an azole derivative of pleuromutilin, an antibacterial agent that inhibits protein synthesis by binding to bacterial ribosomes. it is a highly selective inhibitor of cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4). 
it is an orally bioavailable, cyclopamine-derived inhibitor of the Hedgehog (Hh) pathway with potential antineoplastic activity. Specifically, patidegib binds to and inhibits the cell membrane-spanning G-protein coupled receptor SMO, which may result in the suppression of Hh pathway signaling and a decrease in tumor cell proliferation and survival. SMO is activated upon binding of Hh ligand to the cell surface receptor Patched (PTCH); inappropriate activation of Hh signaling and uncontrolled cellular proliferation may be associated with SMO mutations. The Hh signaling pathway plays an important role in proliferation of neuronal precursor cells in the developing cerebellum and other tissues. 
it appears as a colorless gas with an odor of almonds. Freezes at -28Â°C and boils at -20.7Â°C. Shipped as a liquid confined under its vapor pressure. The gas is heavier than air and a flame can travel back to the source of leak very easily. Prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat may cause the containers to violently rupture and rocket. Used to make other chemicals, as a fumigant, and as a rocket propellant. it is a dinitrile that is ethane substituted by two cyano groups. It is a pseudohalogen and a dinitrile. 
it is an aromatic alcohol that is (but-3-en-1-yl)benzene in which one of the benzylic methylene hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a secondary alcohol, an aromatic alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
Xi-it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. Xi-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a cyclic oligosaccharide comprising a ring of D-glucose units linked by alpha-(1->4) glycosidic bonds. It is a cyclic oligosaccharide and a maltodextrin. 
it is a member of the class of 4-pyridones that is N-ethyl-4-pyridone that is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 6 by p-chlorophenyl, carboxy, and methyl groups, respectively. It is used (particularly as its potassium salt, known as it-potassium) as a chemical hybridisation agent for commercial hybrid seed production. It is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a chemical hybridisation agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a biaryl and a member of 4-pyridones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a butynal which has a monosubstituted triple bond. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a terminal acetylenic compound, an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde and a butynal. 
it appears as a white to purple crystalline solid (melting point 234 F) that turns purple to black in air. Flash point 309 F. Toxic by skin absorption, inhalation or ingestion. Used for production of aramid fiber, antioxidants, as a laboratory reagent, in photographic developing, and as a dye for hair and furs. 1,4-phenylenediamine is a phenylenediamine in which the amino functions are at positions 1 and 4 of the benzene nucleus. It has a role as a hapten, a dye, a reagent and an allergen. 
it is under investigation for the treatment of Glycogen Storage Disease Type V and Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood. it has been investigated for the treatment of Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease, Glycogen Storage Disease Type IV, and Glycogen Brancher Enzyme Deficiency. 
it, also known as 1-amino-D-proline or trans-4-aminoproline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as proline and derivatives. Proline and derivatives are compounds containing proline or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of proline at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, D-1-amino-2-pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the nitrate salt form of miconazole, an antifungal synthetic derivative of imidazole and used in the treatment of candidal skin infections, Miconazole selectively affects the integrity of fungal cell membranes, high in ergosterol content and different in composition from mammalian cells membranes. (NCI04) 
In early April of 2019, the US FDA approved Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies' brand name Balversa (it) as the first-ever fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) kinase inhibitor indicated for patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma, with susceptible FGFR3 or FGFR2 genetic alterations, that has progressed during or following platinum-containing chemotherapy, including within 12 months of neoadjuvant or adjuvant platinum-containing chemotherapy. At the same time, the FDA also approved the therascreen FGFR RGQ RT-PCR Kit (Qiagen) for utilization as a companion diagnostic with it for selecting patients for the indicated therapy.  it's innovation lies in the fact that it is the first personalized treatment targeting susceptible FGFR genetic alterations for patients with metastatic bladder cancer, which demonstrates the design of it in developing more personalized and precision medicines with the capacity to target cancer treatment to a patient's specific genetic mutation. Considering urothelial cancer is statistically the fourth most common kind of cancer in the world, the introduction of it offers a welcome new option in the ever-expanding therapeutic tool kit to treat such prevalent medical conditions.  Nevertheless, although it was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation and Accelerated Approval from the FDA so as to allow the agency to focus on and expedite the approval process for a medication indicated for a serious condition that fills an unmet medical need using clinical trial data that is believed to predict a genuine clinical benefit for patients with the given condition, such designations mean further ongoing clinical trials are necessary to confirm the clinical benefit of it going forward. it is an orally bioavailable, pan fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to and inhibits FGFR, which may result in the inhibition of FGFR-related signal transduction pathways and thus the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and tumor cell death in FGFR-overexpressing tumor cells. FGFR, upregulated in many tumor cell types, is a receptor tyrosine kinase essential to tumor cell proliferation, differentiation and survival. 
2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-5-{[2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)ethyl](methyl)amino}-2-(propan-2-yl)pentanenitrile is a tertiary amino compound that is 3,4-dimethoxyphenylethylamine in which the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen are replaced by a methyl group and a 4-cyano-4-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-5-methylhexyl group. It is a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether, a polyether and a nitrile. it is a phenylalkylamine calcium channel blocking agent. it inhibits the transmembrane influx of extracellular calcium ions into myocardial and vascular smooth muscle cells, causing dilatation of the main coronary and systemic arteries and decreasing myocardial contractility. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in some multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is indan which has been hydroxylated at position 5. It is a member of phenols and a member of indanes. 
it, also known as DL-8-hydroxy stearate or 18:0(8-OH), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a dihydroxyflavone that is the 5-deoxy-derivative of 4',5,7-trihydroxy-3'-methoxyflavone (chrysoeriol). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a 4',5,7-trihydroxy-3'-methoxyflavone. 
3-(2, 3, 4-Trimethoxyphenyl)propanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. 3-(2, 3, 4-Trimethoxyphenyl)propanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione in which the nitrogen at position 1 is substituted by an N-(isopropyl)carboxamide group while that at position 3 is substituted by a 3,5-dichlorophenyl group. A contact fungicide, it blocks the growth of the fungal mycelium and inhibits the germination of fungal spores. It is used on fruit and vegetable crops affected by various fungal diseases. It is also used as a nematicide. It has a role as a nematicide and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione, a member of ureas, a member of benzenes, an imidazole fungicide and a dichlorophenyl dicarboximide fungicide. 
it is a dihydroxyindole that is indole-2-carboxylic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 6. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 5,6-dihydroxyindole-2-carboxylate. It is a tautomer of a dopachrome. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. A strong oxidizing agent. Does not burn readily, but may cause spontaneous ignition of organic materials. Used as a bleaching agent and as a food preservative. 
it is a member of tryptamines. It has a role as a hallucinogen. It derives from a N,N-diisopropyltryptamine and an O-methylserotonin. 
N-(indole-3-acetyl)-L-aspartic acid is an N-acyl-L-aspartic acid in which the acyl group is specified as indole-3-acetyl. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an indole-L-aspartic acid conjugate, an indoleacetic acid amide conjugate and a N-acyl-L-aspartic acid. It derives from an indole-3-acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(indole-3-acetyl)-L-aspartate(2-). 
5-Ethynyl-5'-(1-propynyl)-2, 2'-bithiophene, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bi- and oligothiophenes. These are organic compounds containing two or more linked thiophene rings. Thiophene is a five-member aromatic ring with one sulfur and four carbon atoms. 5-Ethynyl-5'-(1-propynyl)-2, 2'-bithiophene exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 5-ethynyl-5'-(1-propynyl)-2, 2'-bithiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion where three methyl groups and one 2-phosphoethyl group are attached to the nitrogen. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a phosphonic acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gastroparesis and Alzheimer's Disease. It is a highly selective serotonin receptor agonist effective in patients with chronic constipation. It is being developed by Theravance. it was discovered by Theravance through the application of its multivalent drug design in a research program dedicated to finding new treatments for GI motility disorders. 
A nonapeptide that contains the ring of OXYTOCIN and the side chain of ARG-VASOPRESSIN with the latter determining the specific recognition of hormone receptors. it is the non-mammalian vasopressin-like hormone or antidiuretic hormone regulating water and salt metabolism. 
it is an acyclic diterpene alcohol and a constituent of chlorophyll. it is commonly used as a precursor for the manufacture of synthetic forms of vitamin E and vitamin K1. Furthermore, it also was shown to modulate transcription in cells via transcription factors PPAR-alpha and retinoid X receptor (RXR). 
it is a parenterally administered, broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic typically used for moderate to severe gram negative infections. Despite its wide use, it has not been definitively linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by fermentation of Micromonospora purpurea or M. echinospora. it is an antibiotic complex consisting of four major (C1, C1a, C2, and C2a) and several minor components. This agent irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. Specifically, this antibiotic is lodged between 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex, misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses. 
it is an odorless dark purple to blackish-brown powder. (NTP, 1992) Basic brown 1 is a bis(azo) compound that is 1,1'-(1,3-phenylene)bis(diazene) in which both azene hydrogens are replaced by 2,4-diaminophenyl groups. A metachromatic dye which stains acid mucins yellow. It is also a constituent of Papanicolaou's EA solutions, used for cervical, and other smears. Its dihydrochloride salt is also a biological dye known as Bismark brown Y. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a bis(azo) compound, a member of azobenzenes, a tetramine and a substituted aniline. 
it is a thallium monochloride and an isotopically modified compound. It contains a thallium-201. it is the chloride salt form of thallium-201, a cyclotron produced isotope use in diagnostic imaging. Thallous chloride TI-201 accumulates in myocardial cells and other tissues in an analogous way as potassium, and can be evaluated as a function of blood flow. By scintigraphic means, areas with decreased blood flow, consisting of ischemic cells, can be visualized due to decreased uptake of TI-201 in contrast to areas with normal blood flow. 
Thiamethoxam is an oxadiazane that is tetrahydro-N-nitro-4H-1,3,5-oxadiazin-4-imine bearing (2-chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)methyl and methyl substituents at positions 3 and 5 respectively. It has a role as an antifeedant, a carcinogenic agent, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a neonicotinoid insectide. It is an oxadiazane, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, an organochlorine compound and a 2-nitroguanidine derivative. It derives from a 2-chlorothiazole. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of terbinafine with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and a P450 inhibitor. It is a hydrochloride and an allylamine antifungal drug. It contains a terbinafine(1+). it is a synthetic allylamine derivative structurally related to naftifine, antifungal it blocks ergosterol biosynthesis by inhibition of squalene epoxidase, part of the sterol synthesis pathway for the fungal cell membrane. Highly lipophilic, it tends to accumulate in skin, nails, and fatty tissues. Terbinafine is active against dermatophytes. (NCI04) 
it is a nitrogen mustard vesicant that has application in chemical warfare, and has been used as a cytostatic alkylating agent in anti cancer therapy. 
it is an anthraquinone that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 5, a carboxymethyl group at position 2 and a 3-oxopentanoyl group at position 3. It is a polyphenol, an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. It is a conjugate acid of an aklanonate. 
Glycyl-glutamate, also known as it or gly-glu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Glycyl-glutamate is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as it or fema 3506, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methylbutyl 3-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is an apple, cheese, and earthy tasting compound that can be found in spearmint. This makes 2-methylbutyl 3-methylbutanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A drug used in the treatment of angina pectoris, heart failure, conduction defects, and myocardial infarction. It is a partial agonist at beta adrenergic receptors and acts as a coronary vasodilator and cardiotonic agent. 
A pyrimidine nucleoside analog that is used mainly in the treatment of leukemia, especially acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia. Cytarabine is an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent that inhibits the synthesis of DNA. Its actions are specific for the S phase of the cell cycle. It also has antiviral and immunosuppressant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p472) 
3beta-Cycloartane-3, 25-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloartanols and derivatives. These are steroids containing a cycloartanol moiety. 3beta-Cycloartane-3, 25-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3beta-Cycloartane-3, 25-diol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3beta-cycloartane-3, 25-diol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3beta-cycloartane-3, 25-diol can be found in cereals and cereal products and wheat. This makes 3beta-cycloartane-3, 25-diol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as an amber-colored crystalline solid. Melting point 72Â°F. Corrosive to metals and skin. Vapors may cause serious burns to the eyes. 
it is a semisynthetic analog of Bleomycin, a mixture of several basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. it forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals that cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA. This agent appears to show greater antitumor activity than bleomycin; its use is limited due to pulmonary toxicity. (NCI04) 
An oxidation product, via XANTHINE OXIDASE, of oxypurines such as XANTHINE and HYPOXANTHINE. It is the final oxidation product of purine catabolism in humans and primates, whereas in most other mammals URATE OXIDASE further oxidizes it to ALLANTOIN. 
it is a trivalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of all three protons from antimonic acid. It is an antimony oxoanion and a trivalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of an it(2-). 
it is a D-fructofuranose 6-phosphate with a beta-configuration at the anomeric position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
BH3 Mimetic it is an orally bioavailable, selective small molecule B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2) Homology 3 (BH3) mimetic, with potential pro-apoptotic and antineoplastic activities. it binds to the hydrophobic groove of multiple members of the anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 protein family, including Bcl-2, Bcl-xl and Bcl-w. This inhibits the activity of these pro-survival proteins and restores apoptotic processes in tumor cells, via activation of Bak/Bax-mediated apoptosis. The pro-survival Bcl-2 proteins are overexpressed in many cancers and play important roles in the regulation of apoptosis. Their expression is associated with increased drug resistance and tumor cell survival. it does not inhibit the pro-survival proteins Mcl-1, Bcl-B, Bfl-1 (A1); therefore, tumors that overexpress these Bcl-2 family proteins are resistant to it. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-threonine and L-tyrosine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-threonine and a L-tyrosine. 
it is an azo compound that is azobenzene in which one phenyl group is substituted at position 4 by a hydroxy group, while the other phenyl group is substituted at position 2 by a carboxy group. It is used as a matrix in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) mass spectrometry. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material. It is an azo compound, a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an azobenzene. 
2-(4-Hydroxy-3, 5-dimethoxyphenyl)acetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 2-(4-Hydroxy-3, 5-dimethoxyphenyl)acetic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a pentaethyleneimine derivative with antineoplastic alkylating activity. it causes chromosomal breaks in lymphocytes which contributes to its immunosuppressive activity. 
it is a member of the class of benzoxaboroles that is 1,3-dihydro-1-hydroxy-2,1-benzoxaborole substituted at position 5 by a fluoro group. A topical antifungal agent used for the treatment of onychomycosis (fungal infection of the toenails and fingernails). It has a role as an antifungal agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an EC 6.1.1.4 (leucine--tRNA ligase) inhibitor. It is an organofluorine compound and a benzoxaborole. it is a boron-containing small molecule antifungal agent with broad-spectrum activity against filamentous fungi, including both mold and yeast. 5-Fluoro-1,3-dihydro-1-hydroxy-2,1-benzoxaborole inhibits fungal cytoplasmic leucyl-tRNA synthetase by preventing catalytic turnover, thus inhibiting synthesis of leucyl-tRNA(Leu) and consequentially blocking protein synthesis. 
A quinuclidine and tetrahydroisoquinoline derivative and selective M3 MUSCARINIC ANTAGONIST. It is used as a UROLOGIC AGENT in the treatment of URINARY INCONTINENCE. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trihydroxy bile acids, alcohols and derivatives. These are prenol lipids structurally characterized by a bile acid or alcohol which bears three hydroxyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Carbonyl dihydrazine is a it obtained by formal condensation between hydrazinecarboxylic acid and hydrazine. It is a it and a one-carbon compound. It derives from a hydrazine and a carbazic acid. 
it is a methyladenosine carrying a methyl substituent at position 1. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an adenosine. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Used in chemical analysis. it is an inorganic sodium salt having bromate as the counterion. It has a role as an oxidising agent and a nephrotoxin. It is a bromate salt and an inorganic sodium salt. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of tacrolimus. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent. It contains a tacrolimus (anhydrous). Tacrolimus is a macrolide isolated from Streptomyces tsukubaensis. Tacrolimus binds to the FKBP-12 protein and forms a complex with calcium-dependent proteins, thereby inhibiting calcineurin phosphatase activity and resulting in decreased cytokine production. This agent exhibits potent immunosuppressive activity in vivo and prevents the activation of T-lymphocytes in response to antigenic or mitogenic stimulation. Tacrolimus possesses similar immunosuppressive properties to cyclosporine, but is more potent. 
Iron(III) citrate is an iron chelate resulting from the combination of iron(3+) and citrate(3-). It has a role as an anti-anaemic agent and a nutraceutical. It contains a citrate(3-) and an iron(3+). 
White TIN is an almost silver-white, ductile, malleable, lustrous solid. mp 232Â° C, bp: 2507Â°C. Density: 7.3 g/cm3. Pure white tin becomes non-metallic powdery gray tin if held for a sustained period at temperatures less than 13Â°C. it atom is a metal atom and a carbon group element atom. It has a role as a micronutrient. it is a metallic element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 50, and atomic weight 118.71. 
it is tetranion of propionyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an acyl-CoA(4-) and a short chain fatty acyl-CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of a propionyl-CoA. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of benazepril with 1 mol eq. of hydrogen chloride. It is used as a prodrug for angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor benazeprilat in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor. It contains a benazepril(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of benazepril, a carboxyl-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, benazepril is metabolized to its active form benazeprilat. Benazeprilat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II, resulting in vasodilation. Benazeprilat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
Dipotassium clorazepate is the compound of monopotassium clorazepate with potassium hydroxide. It is used for the management of anxiety disorders, for the short-term relief of anxiety, as adjunctive therapy in the management of epilepsy, and for the symptomatic relief of acute alcohol withdrawal. It has a role as a prodrug, an anticonvulsant, an anxiolytic drug and a GABA modulator. It contains a clorazepate monopotassium. it is a benzodiazepine with anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, and anticonvulsant properties. it exerts its effect by de-activating the nervous system through potentiation of the inhibitory effect of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) on the GABA-A receptors by binding to a site that is distinct from the GABA binding site. Its inhibitory effect is caused by an increase in GABA-mediated chloride channel opening events, leading to hyperpolarization and synaptic inhibition. 
it is a 6-chloro-2,3,4,9-tetrahydro-1H-carbazole-1-carboxamide that has S configuration It is the active enantiomer. It has a role as a Sir1 inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-selisistat. 
Sucrose 6(G)-phosphate is a disaccharide phosphate that is sucrose carrying a single monophosphate substituent at position 6 on the glucose ring. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a sucrose. It is a conjugate acid of a sucrose 6(G)-phosphate(2-). 
1-(1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)-N-ethylpropan-2-amine is a secondary amino compound that is N-ethylisopropylamine in which a hydrogen of one of the isopropyl methyl groups has been replaced by a 3,4-methylenedioxyphenyl group. It is a member of benzodioxoles and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a white crystalline solid with a strong odor. Odor threshold concentration: 0.003 mg/L at 86Â°F; 200 Âµg/L at 68-72Â°F. Taste threshold concentration: 0.0002 mg/L. (NTP, 1992) it is a dichlorophenol with the chloro substituents at positions 2 and 6. 
it, also known as 1, 3-diethyltrisulfane or 3, 4, 5-trithiaheptane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic trisulfides. These are organosulfur compounds with the general formula RSSSR' (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a garlic, onion, and sulfurous tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a it carrying a carboxy group at position 1. It has a role as a fungal xenobiotic metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-naphthoate. 
it is a 4-hydroxy-3-polyprenylbenzoate in which the polyprenyl chain contains 8 prenyl units; major species at pH 7.3. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-hydroxy-3-octaprenylbenzoic acid. 
it is a sulfonamide that is sulfanilamide in which the sulfonamide nitrogen is substituted by a 1-phenyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl group. It is a selective inhibitor of cytochrome P450 (CYP) 2C9 isozyme, and antibacterial agent. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an EC 1.14.13.181 (13-deoxydaunorubicin hydroxylase) inhibitor, an EC 1.14.13.67 (quinine 3-monooxygenase) inhibitor and a P450 inhibitor. It is a substituted aniline, a sulfonamide, a member of pyrazoles, a primary amino compound and a sulfonamide antibiotic. it is a long-acting sulfonamide antibiotic used in the treatment of leprosy. 
it is a cinnamaldehyde that is (E)-cinnamaldehyde substituted at positions 3 and 4 on the phenyl ring by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of catechols and a member of cinnamaldehydes. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02985632 (A Study to Evaluate the Pharmacokinetics of it in Participants With Hepatic Impairment Compared to Healthy Participants). 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans that is 1-benzofuran-4,7-dione bearing additional methyl and methoxy substituents at positions 2 and 7 respectively. It is a member of 1-benzofurans and a member of p-quinones. 
it which is also referred to as elmex gel is an ingredient used in toothpaste which helps in the prevention of dental caries. 
8-(Methylthio)octanenitrile, also known as 1-cyano-8-(methylthio)heptane or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitriles. Nitriles are compounds having the structure RC#N; thus C-substituted derivatives of hydrocyanic acid, HC#N. 8-(Methylthio)octanenitrile is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 8-(methylthio)octanenitrile is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 8-(methylthio)octanenitrile can be found in green vegetables. This makes 8-(methylthio)octanenitrile a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is conjugate base of N-formimidoyl-L-glutamic acid having both carboxy groups in anionic form and the imine nitrogen protonated. It is an alpha-amino-acid anion and a dicarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a N-formimidoyl-L-glutamic acid. 
it is a 2,3-dehydroamino acid resulting from the formal dehydrogenation of the side chain of aspartic acid to introduce a C=C double bond at the 2-3 position. 
it is a 1,3-thiazole in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by an isobutyl group. A food flavour component with a green note that adds the characteristics of ripe tomatoes. Used in blackcurrent, papaya, melon, raspberry, and roast beef flavours, it also enhances the flavour of fresh lime. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a pheromone and a Maillard reaction product. 
5-methyl-pyrazole-3-carboxylic acid is a memebr of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole with methyl and carboxylic acid group substituents at positions 5 and 3 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of pyrazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-pyrazole. 
it is an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of arachidononic acid. It is an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA, an arachidonoyl bioconjugate, a bioconjugate and an arachidonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an arachidonoyl-CoA(4-). 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the heptahydrate form of pemetrexed disodium. Inhibits thymidylate synthase (TS), 421 dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR), and glycinamide ribonucleotide formyltransferase (GARFT). It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor, an EC 2.1.1.45 (thymidylate synthase) inhibitor and an EC 2.1.2.2 (phosphoribosylglycinamide formyltransferase) inhibitor. It is an organic sodium salt and a hydrate. It contains a pemetrexed disodium. Pemetrexed Disodium is the disodium salt of a synthetic pyrimidine-based antifolate. Pemetrexed binds to and inhibits the enzyme thymidylate synthase (TS) which catalyses the methylation of 2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (dUMP) to 2'-deoxythymidine-5'-monophosphate (dTMP), an essential precursor in DNA synthesis. 
Astromycin sulfate is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt. It derives from an astromicin. it is the sulfate salt form of astromicin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Micromonospora olivasterospora with antibacterial activity. Astromicin contains an epi-purpurosamine disaccharide backbone. 
it, also known as m-N dipeptide or met-asn, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a dimethoxyflavone that is the 3,6-dimethyl ether derivative of quercetagetin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetagetin. 
it is a pyrrolopyridine that is 5-chloro-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridine which is substituted by a [6-({[6-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-3-yl]methyl}amino)pyridin-3-yl]methyl group at position 3. It is a potent multi-targeted receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor of CSF-1R, KIT, and FLT3 (IC50 of 20 nM, 10 nM and 160 nM, respectively). Approved by the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with symptomatic tenosynovial giant cell tumor (TGCT). It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyrrolopyridine, an organochlorine compound, an aminopyridine, an organofluorine compound and a secondary amino compound. it is a small-molecule receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor of proto-oncogene receptor tyrosine kinase (KIT), colony-stimulating factor-1 receptor (CSF1R) and FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3), with antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it targets, binds to and inhibits phosphorylation of KIT, CSF1R and FLT3 harboring an internal tandem duplication (ITD) mutation. This results in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. FLT3, CSF1R and FLT3 are overexpressed or mutated in many cancer cell types and play major roles in tumor cell proliferation and metastasis. 
it, also known as N-nitro-1, 2-ethanediamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitramines. These are organyl derivatives of nitramide with the general formula RNHO2 (R = organyl group). it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an N-acyl-amino acid that is N-benzoylglycine substituted by a hydroxy group at C-2. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a N-acyl-amino acid, a secondary carboxamide and a N-acyl hemiaminal. It derives from a N-benzoylglycine. 
Ketamine hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of ketamine. It has a role as an analgesic, a NMDA receptor antagonist and an intravenous anaesthetic. It contains a ketamine. 
it is the disodium salt of the synthetic bisphosphonate pamidronate. Although its mechanism of action is not completely understood, pamidronate appears to adsorb to calcium phosphate crystals in bone, blocking their dissolution by inhibiting osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. This agent does not inhibit bone mineralization and formation. 
3-[4-Hydroxy-3-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)phenyl]prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-[4-Hydroxy-3-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)phenyl]prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Daledin (UK-3557-15) is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. It has no effects on the reuptake of serotonin or dopamine, and no antihistamine or anticholinergic properties. It was in trials for depression in the 1970s but never marketed. 
Artemisinin is an ancient Chinese herbal therapy for malarial fevers which has been recently found to have potent activity against many forms of malarial organisms, including chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium falciparum. Several artemisinin derivatives have been developed for clinical use in prevention and treatment of malaria, some of which have been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. 
it, aqueous solution appears as an aqueous solution of a solid. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used as an antiseptic, in insecticides and herbicides, to preserve hides and in making dyes. it is an inoganic sodium salt with formula with formula NaAsO2. It has a role as an insecticide, an antibacterial agent, a herbicide, a rodenticide, a carcinogenic agent, an antineoplastic agent and an antifungal agent. It is an arsenic molecular entity and an inorganic sodium salt. it is a highly soluble, orally available trivalent arsenic-containing telomerase inhibitor with potential antitumor activity. Although the exact mechanism through which sodium metaarsenite exerts its effect has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent appears to target and bind to telomeric sequences, specifically TTAGGG repeats, leading to a shortening of telomeres, and subsequent induction of apoptosis and inhibition of tumor cell growth. In addition, sodium metaarsenite also leads to the translocation of the catalytic subunit of telomerase into the cytoplasm and inhibition of the activity of telomerase. Telomerase is active in most tumors cells and is responsible for the maintenance of telomere length and plays a key role in cellular proliferation, but is quiescent in normal, healthy cells. The susceptibility to sodium metaarsenite seems to be inversely correlated with initial length of telomeres. 
it is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of tauroursodeoxycholic acid arising from deprotonation of the sulfonate OH group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a cholanic acid conjugate anion and an organosulfonate oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a tauroursodeoxycholic acid. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1H-imidazole substituted at position C-4 by a 2-aminoethyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is an aralkylamino compound and a member of imidazoles. It is a conjugate base of a histaminium. 
Alpha-Tocopherol acetate, also known as alpha tocopherol succinate or a-tocopherol acetic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as vitamin e compounds. These are a group of fat-soluble compounds containing or derived either from a tocopherol or a tocotrienol skeleton. Alpha-Tocopherol acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Alpha-tocopherol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a beta-hydroxy ketone that is (5R)-5-hydroxyheptan-3-one substituted by a phenyl group at position 1 and a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl moiety at position 7. Isolated from Alpinia officinarum, it exhibits antiviral activity against influenza virus. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a beta-hydroxy ketone and a member of guaiacols. 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as isobutryl. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-isobutyrylglycinate. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is 1,4-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone which is substituted by 6-hydroxy-1,4-diazahexyl groups at positions 5 and 8. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an analgesic. it is an anthracenedione antibiotic with antineoplastic activity. it intercalates into and crosslinks DNA, thereby disrupting DNA and RNA replication. This agent also binds to topoisomerase II, resulting in DNA strand breaks and inhibition of DNA repair. it is less cardiotoxic compared to doxorubicin. 
it is a tryptophan derivative having a chloro substituent at the 7-position of the indole ring. It is a tryptophan derivative, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a chloroindole and an organochlorine compound. 
it, also known as aaee-ethanol or N-acryloylaminoethoxyethanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as DDNPC, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyridines. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring linked to a pyridine ring through a CC or CN bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a S-acylglutathione in which the acyl group specified is formyl. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a S-formylglutathionate(1-). 
Ziprasidone is an atypical antipsychotic used in the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. Use of ziprasidone has not been consistently associated with serum enzyme elevations and has yet to be linked to instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is the hydrochloride salt form of ziprasidone, a benzothiazolylpiperazine derivative and an atypical antipsychotic agent with an antischizophrenic property. it functions as an antagonist at the dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2A and 5-HT1D receptors, and as an agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor. it also inhibits synaptic reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. The mechanism of action by which ziprasidone hydrochloride exerts its antischizophrenic effect is unknown but is potentially mediated through a combination of dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 antagonism. This agent also has antagonistic activity against histamine H1 and alpha-1-adrenergic receptors. 
it is the orally available active prodrug of ICRF-154, a bisdioxopiperazine derivative, with cardioprotective and antineoplastic activities. Like other ICRF compounds, it and its active metabolite ICRF-154 interfere with topoisomerase II activity prior to the formation of intermediate cleavable DNA-enzyme complexes during the catalytic cycle resulting in tumor cell growth inhibition. Furthermore, it chelates metal cations thereby limiting the formation of free radical-generating anthracycline-metal complexes and may prevent anthracycline-induced oxidative damage to cardiac and soft tissues. 
it is an iodophor solution containing a water-soluble complex of iodine and polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) with broad microbicidal activity. Free iodine, slowly liberated from the polyvinylpyrrolidone iodine (PVPI) complex in solution, kills eukaryotic or prokaryotic cells through iodination of lipids and oxidation of cytoplasmic and membrane compounds. This agent exhibits a broad range of microbicidal activity against bacteria, fungi, protozoa, and viruses. Slow release of iodine from the PVPI complex in solution minimizes iodine toxicity towards mammalian cells. 
it is a member of quinazolines, a member of piperazines, a member of furans and a primary amino compound. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antihypertensive agent and an alpha-adrenergic antagonist. 
it is a phenylalanine derivative resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of L-phenylalanine with the carboxy group of (3R)-8-hydroxy-3-methyl-1-oxo-3,4-dihydro-1H-2-benzopyran-7-carboxylic acid. it differs from the more naturally abundant ochratoxin A in the absence of the dihydroisocoumarin chlorine atom. It has cytotoxic effects on kidney and liver cells in vitro but only minor effects in vivo, due to its rapid metabolism and excretion. It inhibits cell proliferation of human liver HepG2 cells at doses as low as 1 mug/ ml but lacks the genotoxic activity of ochratoxin A, even at higher concentrations. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite, a Penicillium metabolite, a mycotoxin and a calcium channel blocker. It is a phenylalanine derivative, a N-acyl-L-phenylalanine and a member of isochromanes. 
it appears as yellow needles or brownish green powder with an odor of benzoquinone. (NTP, 1992) it is the parent structure of the family of its, in which the oxo groups of the quinone moiety are at positions 1 and 4 of the naphthalene ring. Derivatives have pharmacological properties. It derives from a hydride of a naphthalene. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is 2-aminophenol in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. It is an aryl sulfate and a substituted aniline. It derives from a 2-aminophenol. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it appears as a colorless to light yellow colored liquid with a strong ammonia-like odor. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption. Irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Flash point below 0Â°F. Boiling point 130Â°F. Used to make pharmaceuticals and other chemicals. 
it is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 7.15 at 20 â„ƒ. It is a it and an amino sulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-[bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]ethanesulfonate. It is a tautomer of a 2-[bis(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonio]ethanesulfonate. 
A doubly unsaturated fatty acid, occurring widely in plant glycosides. It is an essential fatty acid in mammalian nutrition and is used in the biosynthesis of prostaglandins and cell membranes. (From Stedman, 26th ed) 
it is an anilide having 2-methyl-2-furoyl as the N-acyl group. A seed-treatment fungicide used to control bunts and smuts in cereals. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an anilide, a member of furans and a furanilide fungicide. 
it, also known as aminomebendazole or ambz CPD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzophenones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone attached to two phenyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 2-amino-5-benzoylbenzimidazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a naphthol carrying a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a genotoxin and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of piperazines that is piperazine substituted by a furan-2-ylcarbonyl group and a 4-amino-6,7-dimethoxyquinazolin-2-yl group at positions 1 and 4 respectively. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a member of piperazines, a member of quinazolines, a member of furans, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an aromatic ether. it is a synthetic piperazine derivative and an alpha-1 adrenergic receptor inhibitor used primarily as an anti-hypertensive. it's effects are most pronounced in the large resistance vessels (i.e. arterioles) and result in a decrease in total systemic vascular resistance (SVR) without a rebound or reflex tachycardia. To a lesser extent, this agent also decreases the tone of the bladder sphincter, thereby allowing the opening of the bladder into the urethra and thus relieving the urinary conditions associated with benign prostatic hypertrophy. 
it is the 6-hydroxy derivative of pseudooxynicotine. It is a monohydroxypyridine, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a pseudooxynicotine. It is a conjugate base of a 6-hydroxypseudooxynicotinium(1+). 
it is a dark gray or dry, yellow, crystalline solid. It reacts with moisture to give phosphine, a flammable and poisonous gas. Normally, phosphine will spontaneously ignite upon contact with air. If there is an excess of water, the phosphine fire will not normally ignite any surrounding combustible material. 
A macrolide antibiotic of the oligomycin group, obtained from Streptomyces rutgersensis. It is used in cytochemistry as a tool to inhibit various ATPases and to uncouple oxidative phosphorylation from electron transport and also clinically as an antifungal agent. 
it appears as a colorless or white colored crystalline powder with a strong mothball-like odor. About the same density as water. Emits flammable vapors above 150Â°F. Used to make moth proofings, pharmaceuticals, and flavorings. it is a cyclic monoterpene ketone that is bornane bearing an oxo substituent at position 2. A naturally occurring monoterpenoid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a bornane monoterpenoid and a cyclic monoterpene ketone. it Oil is the oil extracted from the wood of the it tree Cinnamomum ita. it oil has anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties and is used for its aromatic properties, as an insect repellant, in embalming fluids, and in various topical skin preparations. 
it is a homodetic cyclic peptide composed from two units of three glycyl and three N(5)-acetyl-N(5)-hydroxy-L-ornithyl residues. It has a role as a siderophore. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide and a macrocycle. 
Hydroquinone O-beta-D-glucopyranoside is a monosaccharide derivative that is hydroquinone attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 4 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a hydroquinone. 
it is an N-acetyl-amino acid that is tyrosine with an amine hydrogen substituted by an acetyl group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a tyrosine derivative, a N-acetyl-amino acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a tyrosine. 
it is a quercetin O-glucoside consisting of quercetin having a beta-D-xylopyranosyl-(1->3)-6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranosyl-(1->6)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 3. It is isolated from the leaves of Camellia japonica and exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a radical scavenger. It is a quercetin O-glucoside, a trisaccharide derivative and a beta-D-glucoside. 
it appears as a yellow liquid with a weak aromatic odor. Toxic. Insoluble in water. Combustible but may take some effort to ignite. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen when burned. In a spill, immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater or nearby streams. Used to make other chemicals. it is a mononitrotoluene that consists of toluene bearing a nitro substituent at the 4-position. 
it is a methylbutanal in which the methyl substituent is at position 2. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 2-methyl-branched fatty aldehyde and a methylbutanal. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is L-glutamic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It is a secondary alcohol, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, an amino dicarboxylic acid and a hydroxy-L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a 2',3'-dideoxyribonucleoside monophosphate oxoanion obtained from 2',3'-dideoxythymidine phosphate by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-prenylated flavones. These are flavones that features a C5-isoprenoid substituent at the 6-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a macrolide that is produced by the fermentation of Streptomyces hygroscopicus and exhibits strong immunosuppressant properties. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent, an antifungal agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide, an ether, a lactol and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a penicillin. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. it is a semi-synthetic beta-lactam aminocyclohexylpenicillin antibiotic. it is bactericidal and binds to specific penicillin-binding proteins, thereby inhibiting transpeptidation during peptidoglycan synthesis. This leads to an interruption of the bacterial cell wall, causing instability of bacterial cell wall and results in cell lysis. it is beta-lactamase susceptible. 
it is an antifungal macrolactone antibiotic, obtained from Diheterospora chlamydosporia and Chaetomium chiversii that inhibits protein tyrosine kinase and heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90). It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, an antifungal agent and a metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, an epoxide, an enone, a cyclic ketone, a member of phenols and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
4-dimethylaminoazobenzene appears as yellow crystalline leaflets or an orange powder. (NTP, 1992) 4-Dimethylaminoazobenzene is a yellow, crystalline solid compound. 4-Dimethylaminoazobenzene was used as a dye for coloring polishes, wax products, polystyrene and soap, and was also used as a pH indicator, but is no longer used or produced in the United States. Exposure to this substance causes dermatitis. 4-dimethylaminoazobenzene is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is the 5-phospho derivative of 2-dehydro-D-gluconic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a 2-dehydro-D-gluconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-6-phosphonato-D-gluconate(3-). 
it is an apigenin flavone glycoside, which is found in the passion flower, bamboo leaves and pearl millet It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. It is a conjugate acid of a it-7-olate. 
it, also known as it or gly-arg, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is under investigation for the treatment of Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute. it is a small molecule and a naphthyridine analogue with antineoplastic activity. it intercalates into DNA in a site-specific manner and blocks the re-ligation process carried out by topoisomerase II during DNA replication. As a result, inhibition of DNA replication, RNA and protein synthesis occurs, followed by cell cycle arrest at G2 phase and induced p53-independent apoptosis. This agent shows a favorable toxicity profile in several aspects: it does not generate reactive oxygen species, as do anthracyclines, hence reducing the risk of cardiotoxicity; it is not a P-glycoprotein (P-gp) substrate, and thereby evades the common mechanism for multidrug resistance; and it has limited distribution to normal tissues and a more chemically stable molecular structure. 
it is a member of the class of maleimides that is the N-ethyl derivative of maleimide. It has a role as an EC 2.1.1.122 [(S)-tetrahydroprotoberberine N-methyltransferase] inhibitor, an EC 2.7.1.1 (hexokinase) inhibitor, an EC 1.3.1.8 [acyl-CoA dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It derives from a maleimide. 
it is a hydroxykynurenamine that is 5-hydroxykynurenamine with the hydrogen on the aryl amine replaced by a formyl group. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 5-hydroxykynurenamine. 
it is a withanolide saponin that consists of withaferin A attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 27 via a glycosidic linkage. Isolated from Physalis longifolia, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a withanolide saponin, a delta-lactone, a 4-hydroxy steroid, an enone, an ergostanoid, a secondary alcohol, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative and an epoxy steroid. It derives from a withaferin A. 
it is a sulfur hydride, a it compound and an onium cation. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogen sulfide. 
it is a retinal in which the double bond at position 9 has cis configuration, whilst the remaining acyclic double bonds have trans configuration. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is 6-aminonaphthalene-2-sulfonic acid carrying additional hydroxy and (4-acetamido-2-sulfophenyl)diazenyl substituents at positions 4 and 5 respectively. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'lissamine fast red'. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a member of naphthols, a member of azobenzenes, a member of acetamides and an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a lissamine fast red(2-). 
it is a it that has S configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a it, a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid, a L-histidine derivative and a dipeptide. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Cefozopran is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefozopran binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of 4-sulfanylbutanoic acid. The major species at pH7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 4-sulfanylbutanoic acid. 
2, 3-Diacetoxypropyl stearate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. 2, 3-Diacetoxypropyl stearate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
3, 9-Dimethyluric acid, also known as 3, 9-dimethylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthines. These are purine derivatives with a ketone group conjugated at carbons 2 and 6 of the purine moiety. 3, 9-Dimethyluric acid is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3, 9-Dimethyluric acid has been primarily detected in urine. 
it is a member of the class of carbazoles that is 1-(carbazol-9-yl)-3-(dimethylamino)propan-2-ol bearing two additional bromo substituents at positions 3 and 6 on the carbazole ring system. It is a member of carbazoles, an organobromine compound, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary amino compound. 
Phosphorothioic O,O,O-acid is a it. It is a conjugate acid of a thiophosphate(2-). It is a tautomer of a phosphorothioic O,O,S-acid. 
1, 1-Dimethoxyoctane, also known as C-8 dimethylacetal or fema 2798, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. 1, 1-Dimethoxyoctane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 1-dimethoxyoctane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 1-Dimethoxyoctane has a citrus, floral, and green taste. 
A broad-spectrum semisynthetic antibiotic similar to AMPICILLIN except that its resistance to gastric acid permits higher serum levels with oral administration. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-arginine substituted by a methyl group at N(5)-position. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a member of guanidines and a L-arginine derivative. 
it is the mesylate salt of abemaciclib, an orally available cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor that targets the cyclin D1-CDK4 and cyclin D3-CDK6 cell cycle pathway, with potential antineoplastic activity. Abemaciclib specifically inhibits CDK4 and 6, thereby inhibiting retinoblastoma (Rb) protein phosphorylation in early G1. Inhibition of Rb phosphorylation prevents CDK-mediated G1-S phase transition, thereby arresting the cell cycle in the G1 phase, suppressing DNA synthesis and inhibiting cancer cell growth. Overexpression of the serine/threonine kinases CDK4/6, as seen in certain types of cancer, causes cell cycle deregulation. 
A non-essential amino acid. It is found primarily in gelatin and silk fibroin and used therapeutically as a nutrient. It is also a fast inhibitory neurotransmitter. 
3-methyl-4'-dimethylaminoazobenzene is a member of the class of azobenzenes that is azobenzene in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted at position 3 by a methyl group, while the other is substituted at position 4 by a dimethylamino group. It is a potent liver carcinogen. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a member of azobenzenes and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a member of the class of dithiocarbamic acids that is dibutylcarbamic acid in which both of the oxygens are replaced by sulfur. It is a conjugate acid of a dibutyldithiocarbamate. 
it is a pentacarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a pentetate(1-). it is an edetate and a chelating agent used in preparing radiopharmaceuticals. it (it) has strong affinity for iron but also shows affinities for other heavy metals, thereby is used in the treatment of iron-storage disease and poisoning from heavy and radioactive metals. it may chelate metallic moieties of unbound, extracellular radioimmunotherapeutics, thereby aggregating radioimmunotherapeutics locally to higher concentrations, and improving tumor cell radiocytotoxicity, while sparing normal tissues from the radiocytotoxic effects. In addition, it is used in radioimaing procedures when complexes with radioisotopes, ex., Tc 99m or In 111. 
Pentacyclic triterpene saponins, biosynthesized from protoaescigenin and barringtogenol, occurring in the seeds of AESCULUS. It inhibits edema formation and decreases vascular fragility. 
it is an ether that is the benzhydryl ether of 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol. It is a H1-receptor antagonist used as a antipruritic and antitussive drug. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an antiemetic, a sedative, an anti-allergic agent, a muscarinic antagonist, an antiparkinson drug, an antipruritic drug, a local anaesthetic, an antidyskinesia agent, an antitussive and a oneirogen. It is an ether and a tertiary amino compound. it is a first generation antihistamine and ethanolamine with sedative and anti-allergic properties. it competitively inhibits the histamine-1 (H1) receptor, thereby alleviating the symptoms caused by endogenous histamine on bronchial, capillary and gastrointestinal smooth muscles. This prevents histamine-induced bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, and GI smooth muscle spasms. 
it is a pentahydroxyflavanone that is (+)-taxifolin substituted by a methoxy group at position 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of dihydroflavonols, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a pentahydroxyflavanone, a monomethoxyflavanone, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (+)-taxifolin. 
3-methoxyestra-1,3,5(10)-trien-16beta-ol is a 16beta-hydroxy steroid that is estra-1,3,5(10)-trien-16beta-ol substituted by a methoxy group at position 3. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it is an organic cation consisting of 1,8-dimethyl-3-(4-methylanilino)phenazine carrying additional phenyl and amino substituents at positions 5 and 7 respectively. One of four components of mauvaine, a syntheteic violet-coloured dye. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. 
it is the maleate salt form of fluvoxamine, a 2-aminoethyl oxime ether of aralkylketones, with antidepressant, antiobsessive-compulsive, and antibulimic activities. Fluvoxamine blocks serotonin reuptake by inhibiting the serotonin reuptake pump of the presynaptic neuronal membrane leading to an increase of serotonin levels within the synaptic cleft. This results in facilitated serotonergic transmission and decreased serotonin turnover leading to antidepressant and antiobsessive-compulsive effects. 
Methyl chlorosilane is a colorless gas with a distinctive odor. It is insoluble in water. Its vapors are heavier than air. Contact with the material causes severe irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. It is toxic by ingestion and skin absorption. It is also a dangerous fire risk. It is used to make water repellent materials. Prolonged exposure of container to fire or intense heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, sesquicineol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as a clear colorless alcohol with a mild alcohol odor. Insoluble in water. Floats on water. Soluble in most organic liquids. Moderately toxic. Used as a solvent for various resins and as a flotation agent for ore processing. 
it is a triazolopyrimidine derivative diuretic. it has thiazide-like actions and is a renal vasodilator. Due to its non-genotoxic carcinogenicity, clinical development for this agent has stopped. 
1-monomyristoylglycerol is a 1-monoglyceride with tetradecanoyl (myristoyl) as the acyl group. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a 1-monoglyceride and a tetradecanoate ester. 
An alkaloid that occurs in the extract of leaves of wild tomato plants. It has been found to inhibit the growth of various fungi and bacteria. It is used as a precipitating agent for steroids. (From The Merck Index, 11th ed) 
4-Ethyl-2-isopropyl-5-methylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 4-Ethyl-2-isopropyl-5-methylthiazole exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2-isopropyl-5-methylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Ethyl-2-isopropyl-5-methylthiazole exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-2-isopropyl-5-methylthiazole can be found in mushrooms and nuts. This makes 4-ethyl-2-isopropyl-5-methylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a phosphate monoester resulting from the formal condensation of equimolar amounts of phosphoric acid with the hydroxy group of tedizolid. It is a prodrug of tedizolid, used for the treatment of acute bacterial skin infections caused by certain susceptible bacteria, including Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant strains (MRSA) and methicillin-susceptible strains), various Streptococcus species, and Enterococcus faecalis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound, an oxazolidinone, a member of pyridines, a member of tetrazoles and a phosphate monoester. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of canadine. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a (S)-nandinine. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-canadine. 
Taraxasterol, also known as it or a-lactucerol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Taraxasterol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, taraxasterol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, taraxasterol can be found in a number of food items such as alcoholic beverages, burdock, chicory, and carrot. This makes taraxasterol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Gamma-Muurolene, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Gamma-Muurolene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Gamma-Muurolene has been primarily detected in saliva. Within the cell, Gamma-muurolene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Gamma-Muurolene is a herbal, spice, and woody tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as oat, cloves, carrot, and winter savory. This makes Gamma-muurolene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an alpha glucosidase inhibitor which decreases intestinal absorption of carbohydrates and is used as an adjunctive therapy in the management of type 2 diabetes. it has been linked to rare instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a pseudotetrasaccharide and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase with antihyperglycemic activity. it binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, it inhibits pancreatic alpha-amylase which hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the small intestines. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide which results from addition of one equivalent of 1-naphthylamine to phthalic anhydride. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a carboxylic acid and a N-(1-naphthyl)carboxamide. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. 
it is a methylhypoxanthine that is hypoxanthine with the methyl group at position 1. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a rat metabolite. 
Beta-D-Galp-(1->4)-alpha-D-GlcpNAc is an amino disaccharide consisting of beta-D-Galp joined by a (1->4) glycosidic bond to 2-acetamido-2-deoxy-alpha-D-glucopranose. It is a member of acetamides and an amino disaccharide. 
it, also known as it or lilly 56063, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diarylethers. These are organic compounds containing the dialkyl ether functional group, with the formula ROR', where R and R' are aryl groups. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of pteridines that is pteridine in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 4 are replaced by amino groups, whilst those at positions 6 and 7 are replaced by isopropyl groups. It has a role as a vibriostatic agent and an antifolate. It is a member of pteridines and a primary amino compound. 
it is an N-acyl-L-amino acid that is L-glutamic acid in which one of the amine hydrogens is substituted by an acetyl group. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid and a N-acyl-L-glutamic acid. It derives from a L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a white crystalline powder. Is dimorphous: form I is consists of prismatic rods and form II of six-sided plates and prisms. Insoluble in water and soluble in dil aqueous acid and aqueous base. it is a 1,3-thiazole compound having a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor and a drug allergen. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a sulfonamide, a substituted aniline and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a short-acting sulfonamide antibiotic. Its use has been largely replaced with less toxic alternatives but is still used in combination with sulfacetamide and sulfabenzamide for the treatment of vaginal infections and for disinfecting home aquariums. 
it is the L-enantiomer N-carbamoylaspartic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-carbamoyl-L-amino acid, a N-carbamoylaspartic acid and a L-aspartic acid derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a glycosyloxyflavone that is kaempherol substituted by a 6-O-(6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranosyl)-beta-D-galactopyranosyl residue at position 3 and a 6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a glycosyloxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a kaempferol. 
it is a pyranoindolizinoquinoline used as an antineoplastic agent. It is a derivative of camptothecin and works by binding to the topoisomerase I-DNA complex and preventing religation of these 328 single strand breaks. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. it is a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin, a cytotoxic, quinoline-based alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree Camptotheca acuminata. it inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the topoisomerase I-DNA covalent complexes during S phase of cell cycle, thereby inhibiting religation of topoisomerase I-mediated single-strand DNA breaks and producing potentially lethal double-strand DNA breaks when encountered by the DNA replication machinery. 
ite is an alpha-amino acid that is glycine in which the alpha-is substituted by a 3-guanidinopropyl group. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid, a member of guanidines and a polar amino acid. It contains a 3-carbamimidamidopropyl group. It is a conjugate base of an itium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of an itate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrole carboxylic acids and derivatives. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a pyrrole ring bearing a carboxyl group (or a derivative thereof). it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is procaine in which one of the hydrogens ortho- to the carboxylic acid group is substituted by chlorine. It is used as its monohydrochloride salt as a local anaesthetic, particularly for oral surgery. It has the advantage over lidocaine of constricting blood vessels, so reducing bleeding. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, a peripheral nervous system drug and a central nervous system depressant. It is a benzoate ester and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 2-diethylaminoethanol and a 4-amino-2-chlorobenzoic acid. 
it appears as a soft silvery metal that is normally grayish white due to oxide formation. Spontaneous ignition is likely if heated to melting point. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 3, and atomic weight 6.941. 
A C19 norditerpenoid alkaloid (DITERPENES) from the root of ACONITUM; DELPHINIUM and larkspurs. It activates VOLTAGE-GATED SODIUM CHANNELS. It has been used to induce ARRHYTHMIAS in experimental animals and it has anti-inflammatory and anti-neuralgic properties. 
Yellowish, crystalline solid. Mp: 177Â°C. Very slightly soluble in water. Soluble in acetone, acetonitrile, and dimethylformamide. Used as an anti-parasite drug for poultry. Store in a cool, ventilated place, away from acute fire hazards and easily oxidized materials. 
it, also known as E637 or fema 3487, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranones and derivatives. Pyranones and derivatives are compounds containing a pyran ring which bears a ketone. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, bitter, and candy taste. 
it is a synthetic form of vitamin E, a fat-soluble vitamin with potent antioxidant properties. Considered essential for the stabilization of biological membranes (especially those with high amounts of polyunsaturated fatty acids), d-alpha-Tocopherol is a potent peroxyl radical scavenger and inhibits noncompetitively cyclooxygenase activity in many tissues, resulting in a decrease in prostaglandin production. Vitamin E also inhibits angiogenesis and tumor dormancy through suppressing vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene transcription. (NCI04) 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester that resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of terephthalic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of ethylene glycol. It derives from a terephthalic acid and an ethylene glycol. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-[(2-hydroxyethoxy)carbonyl]benzoate. 
it is a trisaccharide that is lactose in which the hydroxy group at position 3 of the glucosyl moiety has undergone formal condensation with the anomeric hydroxy group of fucose (6-deoxy-L-galactose) to give the corresponding glycoside. Found in human milk. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a lactose. 
A benzimidazole antifilarial agent; it is fluorescent when it binds to certain nucleotides in DNA, thus providing a tool for the study of DNA replication; it also interferes with mitosis. 
Alpha-Viniferin, also known as Î‘-viniferin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. Alpha-Viniferin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-viniferin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, Alpha-viniferin can be found in alcoholic beverages, common grape, and fruits. This makes Alpha-viniferin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carotenone that is beta-carotene in which the 4 position has undergone formal oxidation to afford the corresponding ketone. Isolated as orange-red crystals, it is widely distributed in marine invertebrates. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a marine metabolite, an animal metabolite and a cofactor. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
it is a low molecular weight quinazolinone alkaloid, and a potent inhibitor of collagen alpha1(I) and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) gene expression. it also effectively suppresses tumor progression and metastasis in mice. Collgard Biopharmaceuticals is developing halofuginone for the treatment of scleroderma and received orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in March, 2000. it is an orally-active quinazolinone alkaloid with potential antineoplastic activity. it interferes with the signaling pathway of transforming growth factor beta (TGF beta) and inhibits expression of matrix metalloproteinase 2, thereby inhibiting collagen type I synthesis and inducing extracellular matrix degradation, resulting in inhibition of angiogenesis, tumor growth, or metastasis. 
Fluvastatin is a commonly used cholesterol lowering agent (statin) that is associated with mild, asymptomatic and self-limited serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and rarely with clinically apparent acute liver injury. Fluvastatin is a synthetic lipid-lowering agent with antilipidemic and potential antineoplastic properties. Fluvastatin competitively inhibits hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses through the suppression of MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. Due to its anti-inflammatory effects mediated by alterations of lipid metabolism, fluvastatin may possess chemopreventive and therapeutic antineoplastic properties. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of indometacin with the hydroxy group of 3-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl]propyl N(2)-benzoyl-N,N-dipropyl-alpha-glutaminate. Used (as its dimaleate salt) to control pain and inflammation associated with musculoskeletal and joint disorders. Following oral administration, it is metabolised to indometacin and proglumide, a drug with antisecretory effects that helps prevent injury to the stomach lining. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an antipyretic and a prodrug. It is a N-acylindole, an aromatic ether, a carboxylic ester, a N-alkylpiperazine, a member of benzamides and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an indometacin and a proglumide. 
it is a monohydroxyquinoline that is quinolin-8-ol which is substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and by chlorine at positions 5 and 7. An antifungal and antibacterial, it was formerly used for topical treatment of skin conditions and vaginal infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antiseptic drug and an antiprotozoal drug. It is an organochlorine compound and a monohydroxyquinoline. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthraquinones. These are organic compounds containing either anthracene-9, 10-quinone, 1, 4-anthraquinone, or 1, 2-anthraquinone. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a phosphatidylglycerol in which the 1- and 2-acyl groups are specified as palmitoyl and oleoyl respectively. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an oleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil which is substituted at positions 1, 5, and 6 by ethoxymethyl, isopropyl, and 3,5-dimethylbenzyl groups, respectively. It derives from a uracil. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl 2-hydroxy-4-methylpentanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-fluorobenzoic acid with the amino group of 2-amino-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1-benzothiophene-3-carbonitrile. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzamides, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a nitrile and a member of 1-benzothiophenes. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a faint odor of ammonia. Denser than water. Freezing point 36Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is the simplest monocarboxylic acid amide, obtained by formal condensation of formic acid with ammonia. The parent of the class of formaldehydes. It has a role as a solvent. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a one-carbon compound and a member of its. It derives from a formic acid. It is a tautomer of a it. 
it is a proanthocyanidin that is (+)-catechin and (-)-epicatechin units joined by a bond between positions 4 and 6' respectively in an alpha-configuration. it is found in acorn and is present in fruit and leaves of blackberry (Rubus fruticosus), raspberry (Rubus idaeus) and cowberry (Vaccinium vitis idaea). It can be also found in grape seeds and in beer. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a hydroxyflavan, a proanthocyanidin, a biflavonoid and a polyphenol. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin and a (+)-catechin. 
Alizapride, also known as plitican or vergentan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzotriazoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene fused to a triazole ring (a five-membered ring with two carbon atoms and three nitrogen atoms). Alizapride exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Alizapride has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, alizapride is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as pale yellow crystals or off-white flaky solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a methylbenzoic acid that is benzoic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an o-toluate. 
it appears as a colorless to pale green colored crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make dyes, inks and laundry compounds. 
it is a D-mannose 1-phosphate with an alpha-configuration at the anomeric position. It is a D-mannose 1-phosphate and an alpha-D-hexose 1-phosphate. It derives from an alpha-D-mannose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a cardenolide glycoside that consists of strophanthidin having a 6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranosyl (L-rhamnosyl) group attached at position 3. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and a metabolite. It is an alpha-L-rhamnoside, a 19-oxo steroid, a 14beta-hydroxy steroid, a 5beta-hydroxy steroid, a steroid lactone and a steroid aldehyde. It derives from a strophanthidin. 
it is an organoselenium compound of two methyl groups covalently bound to a selenium. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a aromatic amine, the hydrochloride salt of which is the histological dye 'Hoffman's violet' (used as a specific stain for animal chromosomes). It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an imine, a secondary amino compound, an aromatic amine and an olefinic compound. It is a conjugate base of a Hoffman's violet(1+). 
An alkaloid that has actions similar to NICOTINE on nicotinic cholinergic receptors but is less potent. It has been proposed for a variety of therapeutic uses including in respiratory disorders, peripheral vascular disorders, insomnia, and smoking cessation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavanones. Flavanones are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, with a structure characterized by a 2-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a ketone at the carbon C3. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 3-nitrotyrosine comprising D-tyrosine having a nitro group at the 3-position on the phenyl ring. It is a 3-nitrotyrosine, a D-tyrosine derivative and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is an enantiomer of a 3-nitro-L-tyrosine. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweetish solvent odor. Difficult to ignite. Used as a laboratory reagent and in the production of some organic chemicals. it is an acetate ester obtained by the formal condensation of phenol with acetic acid. It is a member of its and a member of benzenes. It derives from a phenol. it is an aromatic fatty acid metabolite of phenylalanine with potential antineoplastic activity. Naturally occurring in mammals, phenylacetate induces differentiation, growth inhibition, and apoptosis in tumor cells. Implicated mechanisms of action include decreased protein prenylation, activation of the peroxisome proliferation-activated receptors, inhibition of DNA methylation, and depletion of glutamine. (NCI04) 
it is the acetate salt form of Dexamethasone, a synthetic adrenal corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory properties. In addition to binding to specific nuclear steroid receptors, dexamethasone also interferes with NF-kB activation and apoptotic pathways. This agent lacks the salt-retaining properties of other related adrenal hormones. (NCI04) 
it is a lignan that consists of buta-1,3-diene substituted by a 2,4-dihydroxybenzyl group at position 2 and a 1,3-benzodioxol-5-ylmethyl group at position 3. It is isolated from the ground stems of Anogeissus acuminata and exhibits anti-HIV activity by inhibiting HIV-1 reverse transcriptase enzyme. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It is a lignan, a member of benzodioxoles and a member of resorcinols. 
it is a phenolate anion that is the conjugate base of 4-nitrophenol; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is a trihydroxyoctadecenoic acid with hydroxy groups at positions C-9, -12, and 13, and an E (cis) double bond at position 10. It has a role as an adjuvant and an anti-inflammatory agent. It derives from a 13(S)-HPODE. 
Monomethyl glutaric acid is a dicarboxylic acid monoester that the monomethyl ester of glutaric acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It derives from a glutaric acid. 
Remazole orange-3R is an azo compound having a ({[(2-sulfonatooxy)ethyl]sulfonyl}phenyl)diazenyl moiety attached at position 2 of a multi-substituted naphthalene. It has a role as a dye. It is an azo compound, a sulfone and an organic sodium salt. It contains a remazole orange-3R(2-). 
it is a nucleoside analogue in which the nucleobase portion is a 1,4,5,6,8-pentaazaacenaphthylene ring system substituted with an amino group at position 3, and a methyl group at position 5 and is bound to the beta-D-ribofuranosyl moiety by an N(1)-glycosidic linkage. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Flash point 162Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a member of sn-glycerol 3-phosphates. It derives from a glycerol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an imidazole derivative and a direct-acting sympathomimetic amine with vasoconstrictive activity. Upon ocular administration, it exerts its effect by acting on alpha-adrenergic receptors in the arterioles of the conjunctiva to produce vasoconstriction, resulting in decreased conjunctival congestion and diminished itching, irritation and redness. 
it is a pyrazole acaricide and a tert-butyl ester. It has a role as a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-pyrazole. 
it is a synthetic broad-spectrum fluorinated triazole with potential antifungal activity. it preferentially inhibits fungal cytochrome P450 sterol 14 alpha-demethylase (CYP51), an enzyme responsible for the conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell membrane. Enzyme inhibition by this agent leads to a decrease in ergosterol pool that distresses synthesis of fungal cell membrane, thereby increases cell membrane permeability, and promotes loss of essential intracellular elements. This ultimately causes fungal cell lysis and death. 
Panaxatriol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Panaxatriol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, panaxatriol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, panaxatriol can be found in beverages. This makes panaxatriol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a carboxamidine heterocycle obtained by formal condensation of (2S)-2,4-diaminobutanoic acid with acetic acid. It has a role as an osmolyte. It is a carboxamidine, a member of 1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyrimidines and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an ectoinate. It is a tautomer of an ectoine zwitterion. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its, that is 1,4-benzoquinone in which a single hydrogen is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,6-dioxocyclohexa-1,4-dien-1-olate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as psoralens. These are organic compounds containing a psoralen moiety, which consists of a furan fused to a chromenone to for 7H-furo[3, 2-g]chromen-7-one it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (R)-pabulenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (R)-pabulenol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (R)-pabulenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Bile acid sequestrants like it have been in use since the 1970s. And even though such an agent may very well be useful in reducing elevated cholesterol levels and decreasing the risk for atherosclerotic vascular disease due to hypercholesterolemia, it is still generally only employed as an adjunct therapy and the relatively physical nature of its pharmacological activity sometimes limits its usefulness.  In particular, as it's general mechanism of action ultimately results in the decreased absorption and enhanced secretion of bile acids and lipids in the feces, patients who take complicated medication regimens, experience constipation or biliary obstruction, etc. may not be good candidates for using the agent owing to its physical effects on the gut.  Alternatively, it predominantly elicits its activities within the gut environment because it undergoes little absorption and metabolism. The resultant lack of systemic exposure consequently means the medication generally demonstrates very few adverse effects inside the body. it is a positively charged, non-digestible, triamine and epoxypropane copolymer anion-exchange resin that binds to bile acids in the intestine to form an insoluble complex, which is excreted in the feces. 
it is an organofluorine compound that is bisphenol A with its methyl hydrogens replaced by fluorines. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an organofluorine compound and a bisphenol. It derives from a bisphenol A. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is lanosta-7,9(11),24-triene which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 27. It has been isolated from several Ganoderma species. It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent, an antiviral agent and a fungal metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a primary allylic alcohol and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 
TTP is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate in which the pyrimidine element is 5-methyluracil. It is a conjugate acid of a TTP(4-). 
it is the hydrochloride salt of tetryzoline. It is used as a nasal decongestant. It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent, a vasoconstrictor agent and a nasal decongestant. It contains a tetryzoline(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of tetrahydrozoline, an imidazole derivative with sympathomimetic property. Applied locally to the eye or nose, tetrahydrozoline binds to and activates alpha-adrenergic receptors, resulting in vasoconstriction and decreased nasal and ophthalmic congestion. 
it is a member of the cadinene family of sesquiterpenes in which the isopropyl group is cis to the hydrogen at the adjacent bridgehead carbon (the 1R,4aS,8aS enantiomer). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a cadinene and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-gamma-cadinene. 
it B is a naturally occurring antibiotic produced by a micro-organism, *Actinoplanes friuliensis*. It shows strong cidal activity against a number of Gram-positive pathogens which commonly cause serious infections in hospital patients and which are becoming more routinely acquired in the community. 
Cyclotrimethylene trinitramine is an explosive. The explosion can be initiated by a sudden shock, high temperature or a combination of the two. The primary hazard is from blast effect and not from flying projectiles and fragments. Under prolonged exposure to heat or fire they can explode. it is an N-nitro compound that is 1,3,5-triazinane in which all three of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogens have been replaced by nitro groups. It is widely used in both industrial and military explosives. It has a role as an explosive. It is a member of 1,3,5-triazinanes and a N-nitro compound. 
An antibiotic isolated from the fermentation broth of Fusidium coccineum. (From Merck Index, 11th ed). It acts by inhibiting translocation during protein synthesis. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid comprising hexanoic acid carrying an oxo group at position 6. It is a 6-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a medium-chain fatty acid, a straight-chain fatty acid, an aldehydic acid and an omega-oxo fatty acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-oxohexanoate. 
it is an erythrose phosphate that is D-erythrose carrying a phosphate group at position 4. It is an intermediate in the pentose phosphate pathway and Calvin cycle. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-erythrose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a haloalkane that is perfluorooctane in which a fluorine attached to one of the terminal carbons has been replaced by a bromine. It has a role as a radioopaque medium and a blood substitute. It is a perfluorinated compound, an organobromine compound and a haloalkane. It derives from a hydride of an octane. it is a synthetic radiopaque liquid form of it. Used as a contrast agent for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), it is also used as a liquid ventilation agent to improve pulmonary gas exchange and lung compliance and may be used in surgery to reduce or eliminate the need for donor blood. Ventilation with perfluorocarbon fluid improves lung function in conditions involving surfactant deficiency and dysfunction, including respiratory distress syndrome and adult respiratory distress syndrome. (NCI04) 
it, liquid appears as a colorless oily liquid with an aromatic odor. Insoluble in water and slightly denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a nitrile that is acetonitrile where one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a phenyl group. It has a role as a pheromone and an animal metabolite. It is a nitrile and a member of benzenes. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
it is the hydrobromide salt of fenoterol. A beta2-adrenergic agonist, it is used as a bronchodilator in the management of reversible airway obstruction. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a beta-adrenergic agonist and a sympathomimetic agent. It contains a fenoterol. itThe hydrobromide salt of fenoterol, a short-acting sympathomimetic agent with bronchodilator activity. Fenoterol stimulates beta-2-adrenergic receptors in the lungs, thereby activating the enzyme adenylate cyclase that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP concentrations relax bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, and reduce inflammatory cell mediator release, especially from mast cells. 
Sesamolin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzodioxoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to either isomers of dioxole. Dioxole is a five-membered unsaturated ring of two oxygen atoms and three carbon atoms. Sesamolin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, sesamolin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, sesamolin can be found in fats and oils, flaxseed, and sesame. This makes sesamolin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-ethyl-2-methyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5-ethyl-2-methyloxazole can be found in coffee and coffee products and nuts. This makes 5-ethyl-2-methyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as it or 2-(p-tolyl)-1-propanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-(4-methylphenyl)-1-propanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-(4-methylphenyl)-1-propanol can be found in fruits. This makes 2-(4-methylphenyl)-1-propanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid that is oleic acid which carries a hydroxy group at position 2. It is an orally bioavailable synthetic hydroxylated fatty acid which modulates the lipid content of cancer cell membranes and induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in several cancer cell lines. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and an antihypertensive agent. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy monounsaturated fatty acid. It derives from an oleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyoleate. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-arginine and L-phenylalaninamide residues in which a hydrogen attached to the nitrogen of the alpha-amino group of the arginine residue has been replaced by a 1-adamantanecarbonyl group. It has been reported to be a potent and selective antagonist of neuropeptide FF (NPFF) receptors, but more recently found to be an agonist at both NPFF1R and the kisspeptin receptor (KISS1R). It has a role as a neuropeptide FF receptor antagonist, a neuropeptide FF receptor agonist and a kisspeptin receptor agonist. It derives from an Arg-Ala. 
it is a member of the class of acetamides that is acetamide comprising histamine having an acetyl group attached to the side-chain amino function. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of acetamides and a member of imidazoles. It derives from a histamine. 
Obtusifoliol is a 3beta-sterol and a 14alpha-methyl steroid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-ergostane. 
A group of peptides characterized by length of 1-2 dozen residues with a high proportion of them being non-proteinogenic, notably alpha-aminoisobutyric acid (Aib) and isovaline, and have a C-terminal amino alcohol and N terminal alkyl group. They are found in FUNGI and some are ANTI-INFECTIVE AGENTS. They form channels or pores in target organisms. The term is a contraction of peptide-Aib-alcohol. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is indoxyl in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is substituted by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of indoles and an aryl sulfate. It derives from an indoxyl. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
Cyclic polypeptide antibiotic from Bacillus itus. It is composed of Polymyxins E1 and E2 (or Colistins A, B, and C) which act as detergents on cell membranes. Colistin is less toxic than Polymyxin B, but otherwise similar; the methanesulfonate is used orally. 
it is an amino acid that is phenylacetic acid which is substituted at position 2 by the nitrogen of 2-chloro-6-fluoroaniline and at position 5 by a methyl group. A highly selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, it was briefly used for the treatment of osteoarthritis, but was withdrawn due to concersns of hepatotoxicity. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound, an amino acid, a secondary amino compound and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted by a prop-2-en-1-ylnitrilo group and a bromo group at positions 4 and 6, respectively. It is a modulator of mammalian autophagy. It has a role as an autophagy inducer. It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound and an organobromine compound. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an EC 2.1.1.116 [3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase] inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-reticulinium(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-it. 
it is an epoxide resulting from epoxidation of the 5-6 double bond of 2-(hydroxymethyl)-1,4-benzoquinone (the 5S,6R enantiomer). It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. It is an epoxide, a cyclic ketone and a primary allylic alcohol. 
it is a member of the class of depsidones that is 11H-dibenzo[b,e][1,4]dioxepine substituted by a chloro group at position 2, hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 9, a methoxy group at position 8, methyl groups at positions 1 and 6, a 3-methylbut-2-enoyl group at position 7, an oxo group at position 11 and a formyl group at position 4. Isolated from Chaetomium brasiliense, it exhibits antimalarial and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antineoplastic agent and a Chaetomium metabolite. It is an aldehyde, an aromatic ether, a member of depsidones, an enone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a polyphenol, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ketone. 
1, 2-Ethanedithiol, also known as ethylene dimercaptan or 1, 2-dimercaptoethane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 1, 2-Ethanedithiol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1, 2-ethanedithiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1, 2-Ethanedithiol has a sulfury taste. 
it is a phosphonic acid having a 1-hydroxy-2-aminoethyl group attached to the phosphorus. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a tautomer of a (2-amino-1-hydroxyethyl)phosphonate zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is salicylaldehyde in which the hydrogen meta- to the phenolic hydroxy group is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group. It is a member of benzaldehydes, a member of phenols and an aromatic primary alcohol. It derives from a salicylaldehyde. 
2,7-dibromo-4-hydroxymercurifluorescein(2-) is a benzoate anion resulting from deprotonation from the phenol and the carboxy groups of 2,7-dibromo-4-hydroxymercurifluorescein. It is a member of benzoates and a phenolate anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2,7-dibromo-4-hydroxymercurifluorescein. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion of ethyl phosphate arising from deprotonation of both OH groups of the phosphate. It has a role as an epitope, a phosphoantigen and a metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an ethyl hydrogen phosphate(1-). 
Bleomycin Sulfate is a mixture of the sulfate salts of basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin sulfate forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid that consists of 4-hydroxycyclohexa-2,5-diene-1-carboxylic acid substituted by a 2-carboxy-2-oxoethyl group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-) and a (1s,4s)-it(2-). 
it is a flavonolignan isolated from milk thistle, Silybum marianum, and has been shown to exhibit hepatoprotective activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a hepatoprotective agent. It is a flavonolignan, a benzodioxine, an aromatic ether and a polyphenol. 
it is the isethionate salt of piritrexim, a synthetic antifolate agent with antiparasitic, antipsoriatic and antitumor properties. Piritrexim inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase enzyme, thereby disrupting folate metabolism and DNA synthesis and cell division. 
it is an S-hydrocarbyl-L-cysteine that is L-cysteine in which the hydrogen attached to the sulphur is replaced by a prop-2-enyl group. It commonly occurs in garlic and has been found to exhibit antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as secondary alcohols. Secondary alcohols are compounds containing a secondary alcohol functional group, with the general structure HOC(R)(R') (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). Thus, is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). has been primarily detected in feces. Within the cell, is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 36:1 in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are stearoyl and oleoyl respectively. It is a 1-octadecanoyl-2-octadecenoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and a 1-acyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine betaine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
A sympathomimetic agent that acts predominantly at alpha-1 adrenergic receptors. It has been used primarily as a vasoconstrictor in the treatment of HYPOTENSION. 
it is an oily liquid with a mild ammonia odor. Denser than water. Freezing point is 71Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is a tertiary amino compound that is ammonia in which each of the hydrogens is substituted by a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as a buffer and a surfactant. It is a tertiary amino compound, a triol and an amino alcohol. It derives from a triethylamine. It is a conjugate base of a triethanolammonium. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02894905 (A Study to Evaluate the Effect of Renal Impairment on the Pharmacokinetics of it). 
it is a 3-aminoalanine that has S configuration. It is a L-alanine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a 3-aminoalanine. It is a conjugate base of a 3-ammonio-L-alanine(1+) and a 3-ammonio-L-alanine. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-amino-L-alaninate. It is an enantiomer of a 3-amino-D-alanine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
(5-hydroxyindol-3-yl)acetaldehyde is an aldehyde that is acetaldehyde substituted by a 5-hydroxyindol-3-yl group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a member of hydroxyindoles and an indoleacetaldehyde. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-serine residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-serine. 
it is a tetramethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by am ethoxy group at position 4' and methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7 and 8. It derives from a flavone. 
it is a member of the class of tetracenequinones that is the major metabolite of the anthracycline doxorubicin, a chemotherapeutic agent effective against a broad range of malignant neoplasms. It is thought to exhibit cardiotoxic properties. It has a role as a drug metabolite and a cardiotoxic agent. It is a member of p-quinones, an anthracycline antibiotic, a deoxy hexoside, an aminoglycoside, a member of tetracenequinones, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a polyol. It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of ethambutol, an ethylenediamine derivative with antibacterial activity, specifically effective against mycobacteria. Although the exact mechanism of action of ethambutol hydrochloride is unknown, ethambutol hydrochloride inhibits the transfer of mycolic acids into the cell wall of bacteria, which impedes bacterial cell growth. This agent may also interfere with RNA synthesis or inhibit other cell metabolism, thereby preventing cell multiplication and causing cell death. 
it is the cation obtained by protonation of the amino group of 2-phenylethylamine. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-phenylethylamine. 
it is a heparin octasaccharide consisting of 4-deoxy-alpha-L-threo-hex-4-enopyranuronosyl, 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl, (5xi)-2-O-sulfo-D-xylo-hexopyranuronosyl, 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl, (5xi)-2-O-sulfo-D-xylo-hexopyranuronosyl, 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl, (5xi)-2-O-sulfo-D-xylo-hexopyranuronosyl, and 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranose units joined in sequence by (1->4) linkages. Sequence: DHexA-GlcNSO3-HexA(2SO4)-GlcNSO3-HexA(2SO4)-GlcNSO3-HexA(2SO4)-GlcNSO3. It is a heparin octasaccharide, an oligosaccharide sulfate and an amino octasaccharide. 
it is an anthracycline cation that is the conjugate acid of daunorubicin, arising from protonation of the amino group. It is a conjugate acid of a daunorubicin. 
3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide is the bromide salt of 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium. It has a role as a dye and a colorimetric reagent. It contains a 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkaloids and derivatives. These are naturally occurring chemical compounds that contain mostly basic nitrogen atoms. This group also includes some related compounds with neutral and even weakly acidic properties. Also some synthetic compounds of similar structure are attributed to alkaloids. In addition to carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen, alkaloids may also contain oxygen, sulfur and more rarely other elements such as chlorine, bromine, and phosphorus. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from nicotine through the action of the enzymes cytochrome P450 2A6 and cytochrome P450 2B6. In addition, it can be converted into cotinine through its interaction with the enzyme aldehyde oxidase. In humans, it is involved in the nicotine metabolism pathway and the nicotine action pathway. 
Copper cyanide appears as a green powder. Insoluble in water. Toxic by skin absorption, through open wounds, by ingestion, and by inhalation of hydrogen cyanide that arises from slight decomposition. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen in fires. 
Amygdalin is a cyanogenic glucoside isolated from almonds and seeds of other plants of the family Rosaceae. Amygdalin is converted by plant emulsin (a combination of a glucosidase and a nitrilase) or hydrochloric acid into benzaldehyde, D-glucose, and hydrocyanic acid. (NCI04) 
it, [liquid] appears as a clear colorless to amber liquid. Less dense than water. Flash point 104Â°F. Boiling point 296Â°F. Generally stable and not liable to polymerization. May be toxic by skin absorption, inhalation or ingestion. Prolonged exposure may result in delayed cyanide poisoning. Avoid direct contact with vapors, mists or liquid. May produce cyanide gas and carbon monoxide during combustion. Used in the manufacture of various organic chemicals. 
This is a chemical weapon precursor or chemical weapon impurity which is similar to mit. See the chemical datasheet for mit for more information. it is a aminodiol that is diethanolamine in which the amino hydrogen has been replaced by an ethyl group. It is a metabolite of nitrogen mustards. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is an aminodiol, a tertiary amino compound and a primary alcohol. It derives from an ethanolamine. 
Etoposide and it are semisynthetic analogues of podophyllotoxin that are used as antineoplastic agents in the therapy of several forms of solid tumors, leukemia and lymphoma, usually in combination with other agents. Both etoposide and it are associated with an appreciable rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and high doses have been implicated in causing clinically apparent acute liver injury including sinusoidal obstruction syndrome. Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. Teniposide forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an aldehyde. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-3-oxopropanoate. 
it is a cyclohexenediol that has cis hydroxy groups at C-1 and C-2, double bonds at C-3 and C-5, and a 4-chlorophenyl substituent at C-3, the configurations at C-1 and C-2 being S and R respectively. It is a cyclohexadienediol and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a (1S,2R)-3-phenylcyclohexa-3,5-diene-1,2-diol and a 4'-chlorobiphenyl-2,3-diol. 
it is a dibenzoxepin derivative and tricyclic antidepressant with antipruritic and sedative activities. Doxepin blocks the reuptake of norepinephrine and serotonin into presynaptic terminals thereby prolonging the availability of the monoaminergic neurotransmitters within the synaptic cleft and enhancing their action leading to sedative effects. Doxepin also has antagonistic effects on histamine (H1 and H2), 5-HT2, alpha-1 adrenergic, and muscarinic receptors. The antipruritic effect of this agent is the result mediated through inhibition of histamine receptors. 
Imazamethabenz-methyl, also known as ac 222293 or antibiotic am 630B, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. Imazamethabenz-methyl exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, imazamethabenz-methyl is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor, a protective agent, a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a non-essential amino acid. In hepatocytes, it is synthesized in the urea cycle by the addition of carbon dioxide and ammonia to ornithine. it is converted into L-arginine by the enzymes argininosuccinate synthetase and argininosuccinate lyase in the presence of L-aspartate and ATP. Subsequently, L-arginine is converted to nitric oxide by nitric oxide synthase and it is regenerated as a by-product. 
it is an N-acylglycine with an acyl group that is lauroyl. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-acylglycine and a fatty amide. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-dodecanoylglycinate. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid, a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid, a L-proline derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It has a role as an antinematodal drug and an excitatory amino acid agonist. 
it, also known as demethylclobazam, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzodiazepines. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to either isomers of diazepine(unsaturated seven-member heterocycle with two nitrogen atoms replacing two carbon atoms). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining thiamine chloride with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It is a thiamine and a hydrochloride. It contains a thiamine(2+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of thiamine, a vitamin essential for aerobic metabolism, cell growth, transmission of nerve impulses and acetylcholine synthesis. Upon hydrolysis, it is phosphorylated by thiamine diphosphokinase to form active thiamine pyrophosphate (TPP), also known as cocarboxylase. TPP is a coenzyme for many enzymatic activities involving fatty acid, amino acid and carbohydrate metabolism. 
it is an organic cation that is 1,2,4,6-tetraoxohexahydropyrimidin-1-ium substituted by a cyclohex-1-en-1-yl group at position 5 and methyl groups at positions 3 and 5. 
it, also known as sativin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a uronic acid phosphate consisting of D-glucuronic acid having a phosphate group attached at the 1-position. It derives from a D-glucuronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a D-glucuronate 1-phosphate. 
it is a halomethane that is dichloromethane in which oneof the hydrogens has been replaced by a bromine atom. It occurs as a contaminant in drinking water. It has a role as a reagent and an environmental contaminant. it is a colorless, liquid halogenated hydrocarbon. it is used in the synthesis of chemicals and as a reagent in laboratory research. This substance is also found as a by-product in chlorinated water. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
4a-Formyl-5a-cholesta-8, 24-dien-3b-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cholesterols and derivatives. Cholesterols and derivatives are compounds containing a 3-hydroxylated cholestane core. 4a-Formyl-5a-cholesta-8, 24-dien-3b-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 4a-Formyl-5a-cholesta-8, 24-dien-3b-ol has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 4a-formyl-5a-cholesta-8, 24-dien-3b-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a phenethylamine alkaloid that is norbelladine in which the phenolic hydrogen at position 4' has been replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a polyphenol, a secondary amino compound, a phenethylamine alkaloid and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a norbelladine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Aflatoxin b2 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as difurocoumarocyclopentenones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a cyclopenten-2-one ring fused to the coumarin moiety of the difurocoumarin skeleton. Aflatoxin b2 exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, aflatoxin B2 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Aflatoxin b2 is formally rated as a carcinogen (by IARC 1) and is also a potentially toxic compound. 
Benzyl thiol is a thiol that is toluene in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a sulfanyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a thiol and a member of benzenes. It derives from a hydride of a toluene. 
it is a yellow solid. mp: 86-87Â° C, bp: 365Â°C. Density: 1.195 g/cm3. Insoluble in water. Usually shipped as a solid mixture with its isomers o-terphenyl and p-terphenyl that is used as a heat-transfer fluid. 
it is a steroid acid that is 23,24-bisnor-chol-1,4-dien-22-oic acid bearing an additional oxo substituent at position 3. It is a steroid acid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-oxo-23,24-bisnorchola-1,4-dien-22-oate(1-). It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid carrying two additional hydroxy substituents at positions 4 and 5 as well as a phenyldiazenyl substituent at position 3. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'acid red 29'. It is a member of azobenzenes, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of naphthalenediols. It is a conjugate acid of a 4,5-dihydroxy-3-(phenyldiazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate. 
it is a D-glucosaminide having (S)-malyl as the anomeric substituent and alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It is a D-glucosaminide and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a (S)-malic acid. 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid. It has a role as an androgen. it is a 17-alkylated orally active androgenic steroid. it may alter the metabolism of estradiol and reduce estrogen production. (NCI04) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01668823 (Photodynamic Therapy in Treating Patients With Lung Cancer). it is a lipophilic, second-generation, chlorin-based photosensitizer. Upon intravenous administration, it selectively accumulates in the cytoplasm of cancer or pre-cancerous cells. When laser light is applied, a photodynamic reaction between it and oxygen occurs, resulting in the production of cytotoxic free radicals and singlet oxygen and free radical-mediated cell death. Compared to the first-generation photosensitizer porfimer sodium, it shows improved pharmacokinetic properties and causes only mild skin photosensitivity which declines rapidly within a few days after administration. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate and a deoxyuridine phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is the dicarboxylic acid that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydrodipicolinic acid hydroxylated at C-4 and with configuration 2S,4S. It derives from a dipicolinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2S,4S)-4-hydroxy-2,3,4,5-tetrahydrodipicolinate(2-). 
Cethromycin is a macrolide antibiotic which displays in vitro activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria and is currently under investigation for the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) have also granted orphan drug designation to cethromycin for the treatment of anthrax prophylaxis, tularemia, and plague (PDB entry: 1NWX). It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a protein synthesis inhibitor. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a member of quinolines and a monosaccharide derivative. 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid with a garlic-like odor. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May irritate skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. it is an organic disulfide that is methane in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a methyldisulfanyl group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of phenols carrying two tert-butyl substituents at positions 2 and 4. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antioxidant and a marine metabolite. It is an alkylbenzene and a member of phenols. 
3,6-Diamino-10-methylacridinium chloride mixt. with 3,6-acridinediamine. Fluorescent dye used as a local antiseptic and also as a biological stain. It intercalates into nucleic acids thereby inhibiting bacterial and viral replication. 
Androstane-3,17-dione is an androstanoid that is androstane substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 17. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 3-oxo steroid, a 17-oxo steroid and an androstanoid. 
12:0 Cholesteryl ester, also known as it or cholest-5-en-3-yl laurate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cholesteryl esters. Cholesteryl esters are compounds containing an esterified cholestane moiety. Thus, 12:0 cholesteryl ester is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. 12:0 Cholesteryl ester is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 12:0 Cholesteryl ester has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 12:0 cholesteryl ester is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 12:0 Cholesteryl ester exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it appears as white crystals. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a benzoate ester that is the phenyl ester of salicylic acid. Also known as it, it can be formed by heating salicylic acid with phenol and is used in the manufacture of some polymers, lacquers, adhesives, waxes and polishes. It has a role as an ultraviolet filter. It is a benzoate ester, a member of phenols and a member of salicylates. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a meat, roasted, and roasted meat taste. 
it is a synthetic, aromatic derivative with anti-estrogenic properties. Similar to the agent raloxifene, it binds to and interacts with estrogen receptors as a mixed estrogen agonist/antagonist. This agent exhibits greater bioavailability and higher anti-estrogenic potency in the breast than does raloxifene; it exhibits reduced estrogenicity in the uterus compared with either tamoxifen or raloxifene. it may have beneficial effects on bone and the cardiovascular system (NCI04) 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is the 4,4'-disulfo derivative of 5,6-diphenyl-3-(pyridin-2-yl)-1,2,4-triazine. It has a role as an iron chelator. It is an arenesulfonic acid, a member of 1,2,4-triazines and a member of pyridines. It is a conjugate acid of a ferrozine(2-). 
1-((4-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)acetoxy)pyrrolidine-2,5-dione is the ester formed between N-hydroxysuccinimide and (4-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)acetic acid. It has a role as a hapten. It is a N-hydroxysuccinimide ester and a member of 2-nitrophenols. It contains a (4-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)acetyl group. It derives from a (4-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)acetic acid. 
it is an oxazolidinone that is 1,2-oxazolidin-3-one substituted by a 2,4-dichlorobenzyl group at position 2 and two methyl groups at position 4. It is a herbicide used for the control of annual ryegrass (including herbicide resistant biotypes) and regionally specific broadleaf weeds. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is an oxazolidinone and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that is 1,3-thiazole-4-carboxamide in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a beta-D-ribofuranosyl group. It is metabolised to thiazole-4-carboxamide adenine dinucleotide (TAD), a selective inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMP dehydrogenase). It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.205 (IMP dehydrogenase) inhibitor, a prodrug and an antineoplastic agent. It is a C-glycosyl compound, a member of 1,3-thiazoles and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a beta-D-ribose. it is a synthetic nucleoside analogue with antineoplastic activity. it (TR) is anabolized intracellularly to an analogue of NAD, tiazole-4-carboxamide adenine dinucleotide (TAD), a potent inhibitor of IMP dehydrogenase (IMPDH); IMPDH is the rate-limiting enzyme for de novo purine synthesis. Inhibition of IMPDH results in reduced levels of guanylates, resulting in the inhibition tumor cell growth in vitro and in vivo. (NCI04) 
it is a tricyclic triterpenoid isolated from Poria cocos. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a tricyclic triterpenoid, a dicarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a small molecule immune checkpoint inhibitor of the adenosine A2A receptor (ADORA2A) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to adenosine A2A receptors expressed on the surface of immune cells, including T-lymphocytes, natural killer (NK) cells, macrophages and dendritic cells (DCs). This prevents tumor-released adenosine from interacting with the A2A receptors on these key immune surveillance cells, thereby abrogating adenosine-induced immunosuppression in the tumor microenvironment. This may stimulate anti-tumor immune responses, resulting in tumor regression. 
Plicamycin, which was formerly known as mithramycin, is an antibiotic that is used as an anticancer agent in the therapy of testicular and germ cell cancers. Plicamycin causes acute hepatic injury that arises within days of starting therapy, but is usually transient and asymptomatic and rarely leads to jaundice. Plicamycin has not been approved for use as cancer chemotherapy in the United States, but continues to be used on an investigational basis. Plicamycin is an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces plicatus with antineoplastic activity. Plicamycin, also known as mithramycin, binds to the minor groove of DNA at GC-rich sites, resulting in inhibition of RNA synthesis; this agent also inhibits mRNA expression, resulting in a reduction in protein synthesis. In addition, plicamycin may inhibit bone resorption by down regulating transcription of c-src, an oncogene involved in bone metabolism and resorption. (NCI04) 
2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-4-ethylphenol, also known as nocrac m 17 or 4-ethyl-2, 6-di-tert-butylphenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-4-ethylphenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 6-di-tert-butyl-4-ethylphenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 6-di-tert-butyl-4-ethylphenol can be found in fruits and tea. This makes 2, 6-di-tert-butyl-4-ethylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-4-ethylphenol is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is an acyl fluoride with phenylmethanesulfonyl as the acyl group. It has a role as a serine proteinase inhibitor. It derives from a phenylmethanesulfonic acid. 
An anti-nematodal agent effective against the intestinal nematodes ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES (roundworm) and ENTEROBIUS VERMICULARIS (pinworm, threadworm). It produces a neuromuscular block leading to flaccid muscle paralysis in susceptible worms, which are then dislodged from the gut and expelled in feces. 
N-{5-[2-{4-[2-(dimethylamino)ethoxy]phenyl}-4-(pyridin-4-yl)-1H-imidazol-5-yl]-2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-1-ylidene}hydroxylamine is a ketoxime that is the oxime of indan-1-one in which the hydrogen at position 5 has been replaced by an imidazol-5-yl group which has itself been substituted at positions 2 and 4 by p-[2-(dimethylamino)ethoxy]phenyl and pyridin-4-yl groups, respectively. It is a ketoxime, a member of imidazoles, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a member of pyridines. 
5-nitroimidazole is a C-nitro compound that is imidazole bearing a nitro substituent at position 5. It is a member of imidazoles and a C-nitro compound. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a carboxy group. It is a conjugate acid of a urea-1-carboxylate. 
it is a quinazoline folate analogue with antineoplastic activity. After transport into cells via the reduced folate carrier, it undergoes intracellular polyglutamation and blocks the folate-binding site of thymidylate synthase, thereby inhibiting tetrahydrofolate activity and DNA replication and repair and resulting in cytotoxicity. (NCI04) 
it is an organic heterooctacyclic compound that is 5-propoxy-1H,1'H-2,2'-biindole in which the nitrogens have undergone formal oxidative coupling to positions 2 and 5 of methyl (3R)-3-hydroxy-2-methyltetrahydrofuran-3-carboxylate (the 2S,3R,5R product), and in which the 3 and 3' positions of the biindole moiety have also undergone formal oxidative coupling to positions 3 and 4 of 1,5-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-one. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.18 (myosin-light-chain kinase) inhibitor. It is a gamma-lactam, an organic heterooctacyclic compound, a methyl ester, a hemiaminal, a tertiary alcohol and an indolocarbazole. 
it appears as colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Very toxic by inhalation, ingestion or skin absorption. Fumes irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to most metals and tissue. 
it is an alkaloid antineoplastic agent isolated from Acronychia baueri. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a member of acridone derivatives and an alkaloid. it is a natural alkaloid with an acridine structure isolated from the bark of the plant Acronychia baueri (Australian scrub ash) with antineoplastic properties. it appears to alkylate DNA and interfere with DNA replication. (NCI04) 
it is a mixture of valproic acid and its sodium salt in a 1:1 molar ratio. It is used for the management and treatment of seizure disorders, mania, and prophylactic treatment of migraine headache. It has a role as an antimanic drug, an anticonvulsant and a GABA agent. It contains a valproic acid and a sodium valproate. it is a stable coordination compound comprised of sodium valproate and valproic acid with anticonvulsant and antiepileptic activities. Divalproex dissociates to the valproate ion in the gastrointestinal tract. This agent binds to and inhibits gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) transaminase and its anticonvulsant activity may be exerted by increasing brain concentration of GABA and by inhibiting enzymes that catabolize GABA or block the reuptake of GABA into glia and nerve endings. Divalproex may also work by suppressing repetitive neuronal firing through inhibition of voltage-sensitive sodium channels. 
Anhydrous it is a yellow-green crystalline solid. it can also be obtained as a hexahydrate (NiSO4.6H2O (CAS: 10101-97-0) which is blue to emerald green, and as a heptahydrate (NiSO4.7H2O) (CAS: 10101-98-1) , which is green. Samples can contain variable quantities of water, depending on their previous exposure to moisture or conditions. All forms are mildly toxic and are carcinogenic. All are denser than water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used to make other nickel compounds, in printing, and in dyeing of textiles. it is a metal sulfate having nickel(2+) as the metal ion. It has a role as an allergen. It contains a nickel(2+). it is a yellow, green or blue colored, crystalline inorganic compound that produces toxic gases upon heating. it is used in electroplating and as a chemical intermediate to produce other nickel compounds. Exposure to this substance can cause severe dermatitis, skin and asthma-like allergies and affects the lungs, kidneys, gastrointestinal tract and neurological system. it is a known carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung and nasal cancers. (NCI05) 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a mild odor. Flash point 168Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent, and to make other chemicals. 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is 2-methoxybenzenesulfonic acid substituted at position 5 by a (4-amino-5-methoxy-2-methylphenyl)diazenyl group. The sodium salt is the histological dye 'Sirius scarlet GG'. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is a member of azobenzenes, an aromatic ether, a substituted aniline and an arenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-[(4-amino-5-methoxy-2-methylphenyl)diazenyl]-2-methoxybenzene-1-sulfonate. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an overpowering fruity-like odor. Less dense than water. Flash point 15Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air. it is an aldehyde that consists of ethane bearing a formyl substituent. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde and a member of its. 
it is a homodetic cyclic peptide resulting from the formal condensation of both the amino and acid groups of L-histidine with the acid and amino groups of L-proline. It is a metabolite of thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH). It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite, a dopamine uptake inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, a dipeptide, a pyrrolopyrazine and a member of imidazoles. It derives from a L-histidine and a L-proline. 
it is a L-methionine derivative in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a formyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a proteinogenic amino acid, a N-formyl amino acid and a L-methionine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-formyl-L-methioninate. 
it is an enal consisting of pent-2-ene having an oxo group at the 1-position It is an enal and a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde. 
Dodecyldimethylamine N-oxide is a tertiary amine oxide resulting from the formal oxidation of the amino group of dodecyldimethylamine. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a detergent. It derives from a hydride of a dodecane. 
it is a primary amino compound resulting from the dealkylation of both ethyl groups of the anti-insomnia drug flurazepam. It is the major metabolite of flurazepam. It has a role as a GABAA receptor agonist, an anticonvulsant, an anxiolytic drug, a sedative and a drug metabolite. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organochlorine compound and a primary amino compound. 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-{[(2-hydroxy-1-naphthyl)methylene]amino}benzoic acid with the amino group of 1-phenylethylamine. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor and a Sir2 inhibitor. It is a member of benzamides, an aldimine and a member of naphthols. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
it is a pseudohalide anion and an organonitrogen compound. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an isocyanic acid and a cyanic acid. 
it is a microcystin consisting of D-alanyl, L-leucyl, (3S)-3-methyl-D-beta-aspartyl, L-phenylalanyl, (2S,3S,4E,6E,8S,9S)-3-amino-4,5,6,7-tetradehydro-9-methoxy-2,6,8-trimethyl-10-phenyldecanoyl, D-gamma-glutamyl, and 2,3-didehydro-N-methylalanyl residues joined into a 25-membered macrocycle. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 
it is a mogroside that is mogrol in which the hydroxyl hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a mogroside, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a mogrol. 
it is a picrotoxane sesquiterpenoid that is 3a,4,5,6,7,7a-hexahydro-1H-indene-3,7-dicarboxylic acid which is substituted at positions 3a, 6, and 7a by methyl, isopropenyl, and hydroxy groups, respectively; in which the double bond at position 2-3 has been epoxidised; and in which the carboxy groups at positions 3 and 7 have undergone gamma-lactone formation by O-alkylation to positions 4 and 5, respectively. A component of picrotoxin. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a GABA antagonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an epoxide, a tertiary alcohol, a gamma-lactone and a picrotoxane sesquiterpenoid. 
it is a benzoxazine bearing hydroxy and oxo substituents at positions 2 and 3 respectively. It has a role as an allelochemical and a plant metabolite. It is a benzoxazine, a lactam and a lactol. 
Retinal is an enal that consists of 3,7-dimethyl-9-nona-2,4,6,8-tetraenal (double bond geometry unspecified) carrying a 2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-1-en-1-yl group at the 9-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of retinals and an enal. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester comprising succinic acid having an oxo group at the 2-position and the methyl ester at the 4-position. It derives from an oxaloacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an oxaloacetate 4-methyl ester. 
it, also known as carbofuran 3-keto, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzofurans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a furan. Furan is a five-membered aromatic ring with four carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3-oxo-carbofuran is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a organic bromide salt of tiquizium. It is an antispasmodic drug used for the treatment of convulsion and hypermobility in gastritis, gastric ulcer, duodenal ulcer, enteritis, irritable bowel syndrome, gallbladder disease, biliary tract disease and urolithiasis. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antispasmodic drug and an anti-ulcer drug. It is an organic bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a tiquizium. 
it is the L-stereoisomer of it. It is a it, a L-proline derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-L-prolinate. It is an enantiomer of a 4-hydroxy-D-proline. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a hydroxamic acid that is N-hydroxyacrylamide which is substituted at position 3 by a 2-butyl-1-[2-(diethylamino)ethyl]-1H-benzimidazol-5-yl group (the E isomer). An orally available pan-histone deacetylase inhibitor with demonstrated activity in the treatment of advanced solid tumours. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and an antimalarial. It is an olefinic compound, a hydroxamic acid, a benzimidazole and a tertiary amino compound. it is an orally available, small-molecule histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits HDACs, which may result in the accumulation of highly acetylated histones, followed by the induction of chromatin remodeling; the selective transcription of tumor suppressor genes; the tumor suppressor protein-mediated inhibition of tumor cell division; and, finally, the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. This agent may possess improved metabolic, pharmacokinetic and pharmacological properties compared to other HDAC inhibitors. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a resin extracted from the roots of Podophyllum peltatum (American mandrake) and Podophyllum emodi, which contains numerous compounds, amongst which is it (as well as the drug [podophyllotoxin]). it is the principal active component. it arrests mitosis in metaphase. 
it is a cyclopropylpyrroloindole prodrug analogue and DNA minor groove binding agent, with antineoplastic activity. After hydrolysis, the cyclopropyl group of it alkylates N3-adenine in a sequence-selective fashion. This results in tumor growth inhibition. 
(R)-it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is (5R)-5-ethyl-5-hydroxy-8-(quinolin-3-ylmethyl)-1,4,5,8-tetrahydrooxepino[3,4-c]pyridine-3,9-dione in which position 7 of the oxepinopyridine group has been joined to position 2 of the quinoline ring by a single bond. A semisynthetic analogue of camptothecin, it is an inhibitor of topoisomerase I. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an epsilon-lactone, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a chlorocatechol that is catechol which is substituted by a chlorine at position 3 and a methyl group at position 4. It is a methylcatechol, a chlorocatechol and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 4-methylcatechol. 
it is a member of the class of quinolines carrying two chloro substituents at positions 5 and 7 together with a 4-fluorophenoxy substituent at position 4. A fungicide used mainly to control powdery mildew in cereals. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, a member of quinolines, an organochlorine compound and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it is a cholesteryl ester transfer protein (CETP) inhibitor that can produce an increase in serum HDL-cholesterol levels and a decrease in serum LDL-cholesterol levels. it is structurally dissimilar from other CETP inhibitors, including torcetrapib, and raises functional HDL by a different mechanism. 
it is an ergot alkaloid that is ergoline substituted by a 2-methylbut-3-en-2-yl group at position 2 and methyl groups at positions 6 and 8 (the 8beta stereoisomer). It is isolated from an endophytic fungus, Aspergillus fumigatus, and exhibits potent cytotoxicity against human leukemia cells (K562). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. It derives from a fumigaclavine C. It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 
it is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. It will burn though it may require some effort to ignite. It is decomposed by water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it, a novel small molecule that modulates the activity of the neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) subtype known as alpha7(Î±7). it belongs to a new class of drugs for the treatment of central nervous system diseases and disorders. 
it is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is acetophenone in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by a benzyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a pentapeptide (Aib-His-D-2-Nal-D-Phe-Lys-NH2) and a ghrelin mimetic with growth hormone (GH) releasing activity. it mimics ghrelin and binds to the ghrelin receptor (or GH secretagogue receptor, GHSR) in the brain, thereby selectively stimulating the release of GH from the pituitary gland. This results in increased plasma GH levels, which would affect many biological processes. Besides its presence in the brain, GHSR can also be found in the gastrointestinal tract, heart, lung, liver, kidney, pancreas, adipose tissue and immune cells. Unlike other GH releasing peptides, it only stimulates GH release in a manner very similar to that of growth hormone releasing hormone. 
it is an ADP-aldose having alpha-D-glucopyranose as the sugar moiety. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an ADP-aldose and an alpha-D-glucoside. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a cyclic ketone consisting of cyclohex-3-en-1-one substituted at position 5 by a carboxy group and position 6 by an amino group. It is a beta-amino acid and a cyclic ketone. It is a tautomer of a 6-ammonio-5-oxocyclohex-2-ene-1-carboxylate. 
Lanreotide is a synthetic polypeptide analogue of somatostatin that resembles the native hormone in its ability to suppress levels and activity of growth hormone, insulin, glucagon and many other gastrointestinal peptides. Because its half-life is longer than somatostatin, lanreotide can be used clinically to treat neuroendocrine tumors that secrete excessive amounts of growth hormone (acromegaly) or other active hormones or neuropeptides. Lanreotide has many side effects including suppression of gall bladder contractility and bile production, and maintenance therapy may cause cholelithiasis and pancreatitis as well accompanying liver injury. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 40-membered macrocyclic cyclodepsipeptide that consists of a 3-hydroxypalmitoyl moiety linked to a peptide sequence of 12 amino acids and cyclised head-to-tail. It is isolated from an unidentified Fungus and exhibits antifungal activity. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a member of phenols, a member of pyrrolidines and a macrocycle. It derives from a 3-hydroxypalmitic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
4-(2, 6, 6-Trimethyl-1-cyclohexenyl)-2-butanol, also known as 7, 8-dihydro-b-ionol or a, 2, 6, 6-tetramethyl-1-cyclohexene-1-propanol, 9CI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. 4-(2, 6, 6-Trimethyl-1-cyclohexenyl)-2-butanol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-(2, 6, 6-trimethyl-1-cyclohexenyl)-2-butanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 4-(2, 6, 6-Trimethyl-1-cyclohexenyl)-2-butanol is an amber, floral, and woody tasting compound that can be found in fruits and tea. This makes 4-(2, 6, 6-trimethyl-1-cyclohexenyl)-2-butanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2, 3, 4, 6-Tetrachloroanisole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. 2, 3, 4, 6-Tetrachloroanisole exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 3, 4, 6-tetrachloroanisole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 3, 4, 6-Tetrachloroanisole exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
This material is a chemical weapon or chemical weapon impurity that is similar to the chemical weapon lewisite. See the chemical datasheet for lewisite for more information. 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
it is a pyrazinopyridoindole that is 2,3,6,7,12,12a-hexahydropyrazino[1',2':1,6]pyrido[3,4-b]indole-1,4-dione substituted at position 2 by a methyl group and at position 6 by a 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl group (the 6R,12aR-diastereomer). A phosphodiesterase V inhibitor inhibitor, currently marketed in pill form for treating erectile dysfunction under the name it; and under the name Adcirca for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It has a role as an EC 3.1.4.35 (3',5'-cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase) inhibitor and a vasodilator agent. It is a pyrazinopyridoindole and a member of benzodioxoles. it is a carboline-based compound with vasodilatory activity. it selectively inhibits the cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP)-specific type 5 phosphodiesterase- (PDE-5)-mediated degradation of cGMP, which is found in the smooth muscle of the corpus cavernosa and corpus spongiosum of the penis. Inhibition of cGMP degradation by it results in prolonged muscle relaxation, vasodilation, and blood engorgement of the corpus cavernosa, and, so, prolonged penile erection. 
it is a butan-4-olide having a methylidene group at the 3-position and a 9-(2,3-dimethoxyphenyl)nonyl substituent at the 5-position. It is a butan-4-olide and a dimethoxybenzene. 
it is the orally bioavailable, hydrochloride salt form of berberine, a quaternary ammonium salt of an isoquinoline alkaloid and active component of various Chinese herbs, with potential antineoplastic, radiosensitizing, anti-inflammatory, anti-lipidemic and antidiabetic activities. Although the mechanisms of action through which berberine exerts its effects are not yet fully elucidated, upon administration this agent appears to suppress the activation of various proteins and/or modulate the expression of a variety of genes involved in tumorigenesis and inflammation, including, but not limited to transcription factor nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB), myeloid cell leukemia 1 (Mcl-1), B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2), B-cell lymphoma-extra large (Bcl-xl), cyclooxygenase (COX)-2, tumor necrosis factor (TNF), interleukin (IL)-6, IL-12, inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), E-selectin, monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), C-X-C motif chemokine 2 (CXCL2), cyclin D1, activator protein (AP-1), hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF-1), signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3), peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR), arylamine N-acetyltransferase (NAT), and DNA topoisomerase I and II. The modulation of gene expression may induce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis, and inhibit cancer cell proliferation. In addition, berberine modulates lipid and glucose metabolism. 
it is an organothiophosphate insecticide, an organic phosphonate, a phosphonic ester, a member of salicylates and an isopropyl ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and an avicide. It derives from an isopropyl salicylate. 
it is an N-alkylpiperazine that is N,N-dimethyl-N'-{trans-4-[2-(piperazin-1-yl)ethyl]cyclohexyl}urea substituted at position 4 on the piperazine ring by a 2,3-dichlorophenyl group. Used (as the hydrochloride salt) for treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. It has a role as a dopamine agonist, a second generation antipsychotic and a serotonergic antagonist. It is a member of ureas, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Ceftaroline Fosamil is an N-phosphono prodrug of the fifth-generation cephalosporin derivative ceftaroline with antibacterial activity. Ceftaroline fosamil is hydrolyzed to the active form ceftaroline in vivo. Ceftaroline binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. it is the acetic acid salt form of ceftaroline fosamil, an N-phosphono type prodrug of the fifth-generation cephalosporin derivative ceftaroline with antibacterial activity. Ceftaroline fosamil, when hydrolyzed to the active form ceftaroline, has a high affinity for penicillin binding protein 2a (PBP2a), which is associated with methicillin resistance. As a result, ceftaroline is unique in its activity against methicillin-resistant, vancomycin-intermediate, linezolid-resistant, and daptomycin-nonsusceptible strains. 
Optochin is a cinchona alkaloid consisting of 10,11-dihydrocinchonan bearing hydroxy and ethoxy substituents at positions 9 and 6' respectively. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor. It is a cinchona alkaloid and an aromatic ether. It derives from a cinchonan. 
it is an aminonicotinic acid in which the amino group is situated at position 4 of the pyridine ring. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aromatic amine, an aminopyridine and an aminonicotinic acid. It derives from a 4-aminopyridine and a nicotinic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sugar alcohols. These are hydrogenated forms of carbohydrate in which the carbonyl group (aldehyde or ketone, reducing sugar) has been reduced to a primary or secondary hydroxyl group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in avocado and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, anhydrous appears as a colorless gas smelling of fish at low concentrations and of ammonia at higher concentrations. Shipped as a liquid under its vapor pressure. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite by evaporative cooling and chemical type burns. Density of liquid 5.5 lb / gal. The gas, which is corrosive, dissolves readily in water to form flammable corrosive solutions. The gas is heavier than air and can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Gas is easily ignited and produces toxic oxides of nitrogen when burned. Long-term inhalation of low concentrations or short-term inhalation of low concentrations has adverse health effects. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used to make other chemicals and as a solvent. it is a secondary aliphatic amine where both N-substituents are methyl. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a secondary aliphatic amine and a member of methylamines. It is a conjugate base of a dimethylaminium. 
ite Hydrochloride is a member of the class of histamine H2-receptor antagonists with antacid activity. ite is a competitive and reversible inhibitor of the action of histamine, released by enterochromaffin-like (ECL) cells, at the histamine H2-receptors on parietal cells in the stomach, thereby inhibiting the normal and meal-stimulated secretion of stomach acid. In addition, other substances that promote acid secretion have a reduced effect on parietal cells when the H2 receptors are blocked. 
Ile(5)-it is an angiotensin compound consisting of the linear heptapeptide sequence L-Asp-L-Arg-L-Val-L-Tyr-L-Ile-L-His-L-Pro. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. It is a tautomer of an Ile(5)-it dizwitterion. 
it is a chlorocatechol that is catechol which is substituted by a methyl group at position 3 and a chlorine at position 4. It is a methylcatechol, a chlorocatechol and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 3-methylcatechol. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of aklanonic acid with methanol. It is a polyphenol, a methyl ester and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. It derives from an aklanonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a cholanic acid conjugate anion that is the conjugate base of glycocholic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N-acylglycinate and a cholanic acid conjugate anion. It is a conjugate base of a glycocholic acid. 
it is the sulfate salt form of codeine, a naturally occurring phenanthrene alkaloid and opioid agonist with analgesic, antidiarrheal and antitussive activity. Codeine sulfate mimics the actions of opioids by binding to the opioid receptors at many sites within the central nervous system (CNS). Stimulation of the mu-subtype opioid receptor stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex and subsequently inhibits adenylate cyclase. This results in a decrease in intracellular cAMP and leads to a reduction in the release of neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline. The analgesic effect of it is likely due to its metabolite morphine, which induces opening of G-protein-coupled inwardly rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels and blocks the opening of N-type voltage-gated calcium channels, thereby resulting in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability. 
Iodochlorohydroxyquinoline is a cream-colored to brownish-yellow powder. Practically odorless. Decomposes at 178-179Â°C. Used as a topical anti-infective. it is a monohydroxyquinoline that is quinolin-8-ol in which the hydrogens at positions 5 and 7 are replaced by chlorine and iodine, respectively. It has antibacterial and atifungal properties, and is used in creams for the treatment of skin infections. It has also been investigated as a chelator of copper and zinc ions for the possible treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent, a chelator and an antiprotozoal drug. It is an organochlorine compound, an organoiodine compound and a monohydroxyquinoline. it is an orally bioavailable, lipophilic, copper-binding, halogenated 8-hydroxyquinoline with antifungal, antiparasitic and potential antitumor activities. it forms a stable chelate with copper (copper (II) ions), which inhibits the chymotrypsin-like activity of the proteasome; consequently, ubiquitinated proteins may accumulate in tumor cells, followed by tumor cell apoptosis and the inhibition of tumor angiogenesis. In addition, the it-copper complex appears to decrease the expression of androgen receptors (AR) in human copper-enriched prostate cancer cells. Serum levels of copper are often elevated in patients with cancer; copper chelation may inhibit copper-dependent endothelial cell proliferation and tumor secretion of angiogenic factors. 
it is a C20-gibberellin, initially identified in Gibberella fujikuroi. It differs from gibberellin A12 in the presence of a beta-OH at C-2 (gibbane numbering). It is a dicarboxylic acid, a C20-gibberellin and a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is complex cytotoxic antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces flocculus or S. rufochronmogenus. It is used in advanced carcinoma and causes leukopenia. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a quinolone and a member of pyridines. it is an aminoquinone antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces flocculus. it complexes with DNA and topoisomerase II, resulting in DNA cleavage and inhibition of DNA replication and RNA synthesis. This agent also acts as a reverse transcriptase inhibitor and causes free radical-mediated cellular damage. (NCI04) 
Xi-2, 5-dimethyltridecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Xi-2, 5-dimethyltridecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, xi-2, 5-dimethyltridecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, xi-2, 5-dimethyltridecane can be found in brassicas. This makes xi-2, 5-dimethyltridecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear liquid, essentially odorless. Closed cup flash point 192Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air. Contact with the skin may cause stinging and burning and lead to an odor of garlic on the breath. An excellent solvent that can transport toxic solutes through the skin. High vapor concentrations may cause headache, dizziness, and sedation. it is a 2-carbon sulfoxide in which the sulfur atom has two methyl substituents. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, a radical scavenger, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antidote, a MRI contrast agent, an Escherichia coli metabolite and an alkylating agent. It is a sulfoxide and a volatile organic compound. it is a highly polar organic liquid that is used widely as a chemical solvent and a free radical scavenger. It shows a range of pharmacological activity including analgesia and anti-inflammation. Because of its ability to penetrate biological membranes, it is used as a vehicle for topical application of pharmaceuticals. It is also used to protect cells and tissue during cryopreservation and has been used to treat extravasation damage caused by anthracycline-based chemotherapy. 
it is an epoxy fatty acid consisting of octadecanoic (stearic) acid with a single epoxide located between positions 9 and 10. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 9,10-epoxyoctadecanoate. 
it is a trivalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of all three protons from peroxyphosphoric acid. It is a phosphorus oxoanion and a trivalent inorganic anion. 
it is the monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of N,N-diethylglycine with 2,6-dimethylaniline. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, an anti-arrhythmia drug, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a drug allergen. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a tertiary amino compound and a member of benzenes. It derives from a glycinamide. it is a synthetic aminoethylamide with local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic properties. it stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the ionic fluxes required for the initiation and conduction of impulses and effecting local anesthesia. 
it is a carotenol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a cofactor and an antioxidant. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Insoluble in water and partially soluble in alcohol. Flash point of 138Â°F. Vapors are denser than air and may have a narcotic effect in high concentrations. Used in making perfumes and as a solvent for nitrocellulose and vinyl resins. it is a dialkyl ketone that is octane in which the two methylene protons at position 3 have been replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite, an insect attractant, a fungal metabolite, an antifeedant, a plant metabolite and a biomarker. It derives from a hydride of an octane. 
5-(2-{[2-(2-ethoxyphenoxy)ethyl]amino}propyl)-2-methoxybenzenesulfonamide is a secondary amino compound that is ammonia in which nitrogen is substituted by a 1-(4-methoxy-3-sulfamoylphenyl)propan-2-yl group and a 2-(2-ethoxyphenoxy)ethyl group. It is a secondary amino compound, a sulfonamide and an aromatic ether. 
it is an analogue of human glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) which is used in combination with diet and exercise in the therapy of type 2 diabetes, either alone or in combination with other antidiabetic agents. There have been no published reports of hepatotoxicity attributed to it therapy. it is a 39 amino acid peptide and synthetic version of exendin-4, a hormone found in the saliva of the venomous lizard Gila monster, with insulin secretagogue and antihyperglycemic activity. it is administered subcutaneously and mimics human glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1). Compared to GLP-1, it has a longer half-life of 2.4 hours. 
7, 9-Docosanedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. 7, 9-Docosanedione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 7, 9-docosanedione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 7, 9-docosanedione can be found in fats and oils. This makes 7, 9-docosanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a steroidal acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of cholic acid. It derives from a cholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFRs) 1, 2 and 3 with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. it binds to and inhibits VEGFRs 1, 2 and 3, which may result in the inhibition of endothelial cell migration and proliferation, inhibition of tumor angiogenesis and tumor cell death. VEGFR tyrosine kinases, frequently overexpressed by a variety of tumor cell types, play a key role in angiogenesis. 
it is a carbapenem antibiotic in which the azetidine and pyrroline rings carry 1-hydroxymethyl and pyrazolo[1,2-a][1,2,4]triazolium-6-ylthio substituents respectively. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a member of carbapenems, a pyrazolotriazole and an organic sulfide. it is a 1-beta-methylcarbapenem antibiotic with a wide range of antibacterial activity. it has similar antibacterial activity to that of imipenem, but is more stable against human renal dehydropeptidase-I and with less neurotoxicity. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it or fema 2643, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an animal, fruity, and green taste. 
it is a beta-diketone that is hentriacontane in which the hydrogens at position 14 and 16 are replaced by oxo groups. It derives from a hydride of a hentriacontane. 
it is a thienothiazine-derived monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-hydroxy-2-methylthieno[2,3-e][1,2]thiazine-3-carboxylic acid 1,1-dioxide with the amino group of 2-aminopyridine. Used for the treatment of pain and inflammation in osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. It is also indicated for short term treatment of acute musculoskeletal disorders including strains, sprains and other soft-tissue injuries. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a heteroaryl hydroxy compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of pyridines and a thienothiazine. 
it is a member of the class of chromones that is chromone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5, a methyl group at position 2 and methoxy groups at positions 6 and 7 respectively. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a member of chromones and a member of phenols. It derives from a chromone. 
it is a beta-diketone that is acetylacetone in which a 4-hydroxyphenyl group and a 2,4-dihydroxyphenyl group replace the two methyl groups. It is a beta-diketone, a member of resorcinols, a member of dihydrochalcones and an aromatic ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a haloacetic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by an iodine atom. It has a role as an alkylating agent. It is an organoiodine compound and a haloacetic acid. 
it is a beta-amino acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by a methylamino group. It is a beta-amino acid and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a beta-alanine. 
it is a solid which will evolve flammable and toxic gases on contact with water. It is a highly reactive material used as a laboratory reagent and in the manufacture of chemically reactive devices. 
it is an orally active second generation tetrathiomolybdate analog with anti-angiogenic and antineoplastic activities. it selectively chelates the copper ion in superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) in endothelial cells, thereby depleting SOD1 of copper and inhibiting its activity. Inhibition of SOD1 interferes with the activation of several signal transduction pathways required for cellular proliferation and angiogenesis, including those mediated by ERK1/2 and FAK and Src kinases. This results in an inhibition of cell proliferation and angiogenesis as well as induction of apoptosis. 
A progesterone that has been used in ESTRUS SYNCHRONIZATION and has been evaluated as an injectable contraceptive in combination with estradiol enanthate. It is also applied topically as an anti-inflammatory and in the treatment of ACNE. 
A renal dehydropeptidase-I and leukotriene D4 dipeptidase inhibitor. Since the antibiotic, IMIPENEM, is hydrolyzed by dehydropeptidase-I, which resides in the brush border of the renal tubule, cilastatin is administered with imipenem to increase its effectiveness. The drug also inhibits the metabolism of leukotriene D4 to leukotriene E4. 
2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)hexan-2-ol is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1-hexyl-1H-1,2,4-triazole in which the hydrogens at position 2 of the hexyl chain are replaced by hydroxy and 2,4-dichlorophenyl groups. It has a role as a chelator. It is a tertiary alcohol, a member of triazoles and a dichlorobenzene. 
N-benzoylalanine is an N-acylamino acid that is the N-benzoyl derivative of alanine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alanine derivative and a N-acyl-amino acid. 
it, also known as alkamuls egds or elfan L 310, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
An active neurotoxic metabolite of 1-METHYL-4-PHENYL-1,2,3,6-TETRAHYDROPYRIDINE. The compound reduces dopamine levels, inhibits the biosynthesis of catecholamines, depletes cardiac norepinephrine and inactivates tyrosine hydroxylase. These and other toxic effects lead to cessation of oxidative phosphorylation, ATP depletion, and cell death. The compound, which is related to PARAQUAT, has also been used as an herbicide. 
it, also known as fema 2955 or N-propyl-alpha-toluate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, apricot, and floral taste. 
it appears as white crystals with a slightly sulfurous odor. Commercial formulations are granular Used as an insecticide, acaricide, and nematocide. (EPA, 1998) it is the oxime carbamate resulting from the addition of 2-methyl-2-(methylsulfanyl)propanaldoxime to methyl isocyanate. A member of the class of oxime carbamate insecticides, it is a mixture of E and Z isomers; it is not known which isomer is more active. It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and a nematicide. It derives from a 2-methyl-2-(methylsulfanyl)propanal oxime and a methyl isocyanate. 
Dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and sinks in water. Toxic by inhalation, skin absorption or ingestion. Used as a pesticide. DDD is a chlorophenylethane that is 2,2-bis(p-chlorophenyl)ethane substituted by two chloro groups at position 1. It is a metabolite of the organochlorine insecticide, DDT. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is an organochlorine insecticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a chlorophenylethane. 
it is a pyridinedicarboxylic acid carrying two carboxy groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a dipicolinate(1-). 
Chlormerodrin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoureas. These are organic compounds containing the isourea group, with the general structure R1N(R2)C(=NR3)OR4, or its hydrocarbyl derivatives (R1, R2, R3, R4=H, alkyl, aryl). Chlormerodrin exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Chlormerodrin has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
N(4)-acetylcytosine is a pyrimidone that is cytosine bearing an N(4)-acetyl substituent. It is a pyrimidone, a nucleobase analogue and a member of acetamides. It derives from a cytosine. 
it is a member of pyrimidines, an organofluorine acaricide, a methyl ester, an enoate ester and an enol ether. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor. 
it is a member of the class of dihydroxybenzoic acids that is o-orsellinic acid carrying two additional methyl substituents at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a member of resorcinols. It derives from an o-orsellinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,5-dimethylorsellinate. 
it is the N(6)-(1,3-dicarboxypropan-1-yl) derivative of L-lysine. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an amino acid opine and a L-lysine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a L-saccharopinate(1-). 
it, also known as N, 4-O-diacetylneuraminate or neu4, 5ac2, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-acetyl-4-O-acetylneuraminic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Mercury acetate is a white crystalline solid with an odor of vinegar. Sensitive to light. Density 3.25 g / cm3. Toxic by inhalation (dust, etc.) and by ingestion. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of mCRPC, Leukemia, Neoplasm, BREAST CANCER, and Ovarian Cancer, among others. it is an inhibitor of checkpoint kinase 1 (chk1) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it selectively binds to chk1, thereby preventing activity of chk1 and abrogating the repair of damaged DNA. This may lead to an accumulation of damaged DNA and may promote genomic instability and apoptosis. it may potentiate the cytotoxicity of DNA-damaging agents and reverse tumor cell resistance to chemotherapeutic agents. Chk1, a serine/threonine kinase, mediates cell cycle checkpoint control and is essential for DNA repair and plays a key role in resistance to chemotherapeutic agents. 
it is a glutathione derivative that is glutathione in which the hydrogen attached to the sulfur has been replaced by sulfur has been replaced by a nitroso group. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a bronchodilator agent, a nitric oxide donor and a signalling molecule. It is a glutathione derivative and a nitrosothio compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-) and a L-gamma-glutamyl-S-nitroso-D-cysteinylglycine(2-). 
it is 3-Isopropylimino-3,5-dihydro-phenazine in which the hydrogen at position 5 is substituted substituted by a 4-chlorophenyl group, and that at position 2 is substituted by a (4-chlorophenyl)amino group. A dark red crystalline solid, it is an antimycobacterial and is one of the main drugs used for the treatment of multi-bacillary leprosy. However, it can cause red/brown discolouration of the skin, so other treatments are often preferred in light-skinned patients. It has a role as a leprostatic drug, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a dye. It is a member of phenazines and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a phenazine dye with anti-mycobacterial and anti-inflammatory activities. The exact mechanism through which it exerts its effect is unknown. However, it binds preferentially to mycobacterial DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and cell growth. it has a slow bactericidal effect on Mycobacterium leprae and is active against various other Mycobacteria. 
it atom is the stable isotope of helium with relative atomic mass 3.016029. The least abundant (0.000137 atom percent) isotope of naturally occurring helium. It contains a helion. 
Iodopropanes appears as a colorless liquid that discolors in air. Denser than water. The vapors are heavier than air. May be mildly toxic by inhalation. Used as a solvent and to make pharmaceuticals. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester derived from alpha-linolenic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an insect attractant. It derives from an alpha-linolenic acid. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone of the eudesmanolide group. It has been isolated from Inula helenium. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene lactone and a eudesmane sesquiterpenoid. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound and sesquiterpene that is 1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,7-octahydronaphthalene which is substituted a prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 3 and by methyl groups at positions 4a and 5 (the 3R,4aS,5R- diastereoisomer). It is a sesquiterpene, a carbobicyclic compound and a polycyclic olefin. 
it is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl-L-serine in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as stearoyl and oleoyl respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid and an oleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
(-)-(11S,2'R)-erythro-ite is an optically active form of [2,8-bis(trifluoromethyl)quinolin-4-yl]-(2-piperidyl)methanol having (-)-(11S,2'R)-erythro-configuration. An antimalarial agent, used in racemic form, which acts as a blood schizonticide; its mechanism of action is unknown. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-(11R,2'S)-erythro-ite. ite is a quinolinemethanol derivative with antimalarial, anti-inflammatory, and potential chemosensitization and radiosensitization activities. Although the exact mechanism remains to be elucidated, ite, a weak base, preferentially accumulates in lysosomes and disrupts lysosomal function and integrity, thereby leading to host cell death. Similar to chloroquine, the chemosensitizing and radiosensitizing activities of this agent may be related to its inhibition of autophagocytosis, a cellular mechanism involving lysosomal degradation that minimizes the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) related to tumor reoxygenation and tumor exposure to chemotherapeutic agents and radiation. Compared to chloroquine, ite has better blood-brain-barrier (BBB) penetration. 
it appears as white odorless crystalline or powdery solid. Denser than water. it is a glycosyl glycoside formed by glucose and fructose units joined by an acetal oxygen bridge from hemiacetal of glucose to the hemiketal of the fructose. It has a role as an osmolyte, a sweetening agent, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
2-Methylbut-2-enoic acid, also known as 2-methylcrotonic acid or a-methylcrotonate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methyl-branched fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an acyl chain that has a methyl branch. Usually, they are saturated and contain only one or more methyl group. However, branches other than methyl may be present. 2-Methylbut-2-enoic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Methylbut-2-enoic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methylbut-2-enoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 2-Methylbut-2-enoic acid participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 2-methylbut-2-enoic acid can be biosynthesized from 2-butenoic acid. 2-Methylbut-2-enoic acid can also be converted into 2-methylbut-2-enoyl-coenzyme A. 
L-glutamic 5-semialdehyde zwitterion is zwitterionic form of homocysteine arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a L-glutamic 5-semialdehyde. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 118Â°F. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence, sinks in water. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. A lachrymator. Used to make other chemicals and as a fumigant. 
it is an amino aldehyde obtained by partial reduction of the carboxy group of L-histidine It is an amino aldehyde and a member of imidazoles. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an amino sulfonic acid that is the 2-amino derivative of ethanesulfonic acid. It is a naturally occurring amino acid derived from methionine and cysteine metabolism. An abundant component of fish- and meat-based foods, it has been used as an oral supplement in the treatment of disorders such as cystic fibrosis and hypertension. It has a role as a human metabolite, an antioxidant, a mouse metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a glycine receptor agonist, a nutrient and a radical scavenger. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-aminoethanesulfonate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a benzonaphthyridine derivative, with antimalarial and potential antiviral activities. Upon administration, it inhibits the formation of beta-hematin, which results in the accumulation of toxic heme within the parasite. In addition, it inhibits glutathione-dependent degradation of hematin. This promotes hematin-induced lysis of red blood cells (RBCs), resulting in parasite death. it also exhibits antiviral activity against some viruses in vitro, including Ebola (EBOV) and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) viruses. 
it is a benzyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of florpyrauxifen with the hydroxy group of benzyl alcohol. An auxin herbicide developed by Dow AgroSciences. It has a role as a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. It is a benzyl ester, an aromatic ether, a biaryl, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and an aminopyridine. It derives from a florpyrauxifen. 
6-Hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenolic glycosides. These are organic compounds containing a phenolic structure attached to a glycosyl moiety. Some examples of phenolic structures include lignans, and flavonoids. Among the sugar units found in natural glycosides are D-glucose, L-Fructose, and L rhamnose. 6-Hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 6-hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 6-hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside can be found in green vegetables. This makes 6-hydroxymusizin 8-O-b-D-glucopyranoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a N-acyl-L-glutamic acid and a N-formyl amino acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent that is naphthalene in which the carbon atoms at positions 1 and 3 have been replaced by nitrogen atoms. It is a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent, a member of its, an azaarene and an ortho-fused heteroarene. 
N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enimidic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives. Hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives are compounds containing an cinnamic acid (or a derivative thereof) where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enimidic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
(9Z,11E,13Z)-octadecatrienoic acid is a 9,11,13-octadecatrienoic acid having its double bonds in cis, trans and cis configurations, respectively. It has been isolated from pomegranate (Punica granatum). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of chalcones and a member of phenols. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
Dihydro-2-methyl-3(2H)-furanthione, also known as 4, 5-dihydro-3-mercapto-2-methylfuran, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydrofurans. Dihydrofurans are compounds containing a dihydrofuran moiety, which is a furan derivative with only one double bond. Dihydro-2-methyl-3(2H)-furanthione is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
5-methyl-5-(4-phenoxyphenyl)-3-(phenylamino)-1,3-oxazolidine-2,4-dione is a member of the class of oxazolidinones that is 1,3-oxazolidine-2,4-dione in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a phenylamino group and the hydrogens at position 5 are substituted by methyl and 4-phenoxyphenyl groups. It is an aromatic ether, a carbohydrazide and an oxazolidinone. 
Furazolidone is a nitrofuran antimicrobial agent used in the treatment of diarrhea or enteritis caused by bacteria or protozoan infections. Furazolidone is also active in treating typhoid fever, cholera and salmonella infections. 
Naphthalene derivatives carrying one or more hydroxyl (-OH) groups at any ring position. They are often used in dyes and pigments, as antioxidants for rubber, fats, and oils, as insecticides, in pharmaceuticals, and in numerous other applications. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (7R)-7-hydroxyoctanoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a (7R)-7-hydroxyoctanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
2, 4-Dihydroxybenzoic acid, also known as it or b-resorcylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxybenzoic acid derivatives. Hydroxybenzoic acid derivatives are compounds containing a hydroxybenzoic acid (or a derivative), which is a benzene ring bearing a carboxyl and a hydroxyl groups. 2, 4-Dihydroxybenzoic acid exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2, 4-Dihydroxybenzoic acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 2, 4-dihydroxybenzoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 4-Dihydroxybenzoic acid is a mild and phenolic tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as fruits, american cranberry, alcoholic beverages, and olive. This makes 2, 4-dihydroxybenzoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
The product of conjugation of cholic acid with taurine. Its sodium salt is the chief ingredient of the bile of carnivorous animals. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is used as a cholagogue and cholerectic. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety with a ketone group at the C2 carbon atom (1-benzopyran-2-one). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a galactonate that is the conjugate base of L-galactonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a L-galactonic acid. It is an enantiomer of a D-galactonate. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is 1-phenylethanone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and a methoxy group at position 3. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antirheumatic drug, a peripheral nervous system drug, an EC 1.6.3.1. [NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming)] inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a member of acetophenones, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a butan-4-olide that is dihydrofuran-2(3H)-one which is substituted by a vanillyl group at position 3 and by a 3,4-methylenedioxybenzyl group at position 4 (the R,R stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a member of benzodioxoles, an aromatic ether, a lignan and a butan-4-olide. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is propiophenone carrying a tert-butylamino group at position 2 and a chloro substituent at position 3 on the phenyl ring. It has a role as an antidepressant, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a secondary amino compound, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an aromatic ketone. it is an aminoketone with antidepressant activity. The molecular mechanism of the antidepressant effect of it is unknown. This agent does not inhibit monoamine oxidase and, compared to classical tricyclic antidepressants, is a weak blocker of the neuronal uptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. Buproprion also weakly inhibits the neuronal re-uptake of dopamine. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of fluoxetine, a diphenhydramine derivative and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor with antidepressant, anti-anxiety, antiobsessional and antibulimic activity and with potential immunomodulating activity. Upon administration, fluoxetine binds to the presynaptic serotonin (5-HT) receptor resulting in negative allosteric modulation of the receptor complex, thereby blocking recycling of serotonin by the presynaptic receptor. Inhibition of serotonin reuptake by fluoxetine enhances serotonergic function through serotonin accumulation in the synaptic space, resulting in long-term desensitization and downregulation of 5-HT receptors, preventing 5-HT-mediated signaling and leading to antidepressant, anti-anxiety, antiobsessional and antibulimic effects. In addition, fluoxetine may inhibit the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin-6 (IL-6). This may prevent IL-6-mediated inflammation and cytokine storm. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-pantoic acid. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that is citric acid in which the pro-R carboxy group has been esterified with the primary hydroxy group of 2-hydroxy-1-{(2S)-1-[(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]-1-oxopropan-2-yl}-5-oxoproline. It is a siderophore isolated from bacteria closely associated or symbiotic with toxic, bloom-forming dinoflagellates. It has a role as a siderophore and a marine metabolite. It is a tertiary alcohol, a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones, a tricarboxylic acid, a carboxylic ester and a N-acyl hemiaminal. It derives from a citric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Thioglycolic acid, sodium salt is a white powder with a slight odor. Used in cold-waving of hair and as a dipilatory. it is an organic sodium salt having thioglycolate(1-) as the counterion. It has a role as a reducing agent. It contains a thioglycolate(1-). 
it is a synthetic glucocorticoid and derivative of fluocinolone acetonide with anti-inflammatory and antipruritic activities. it binds the glucocorticoid receptor, followed by translocation of the ligand-receptor complex to the nucleus and transcription activation of genes containing glucocorticoid-responsive elements. Lipocortin-1 is one factor induced by it that interacts and inhibits cytosolic phospholipase 2 alpha, thereby preventing phospholipase translocation to the perinuclear membrane and subsequent release and conversion of arachidonic acid to inflammatory prostaglandins. In addition, MAPK phosphatase 1 is induced, thereby preventing the triggering of the MAPK cascade resulting in pro-inflammatory effects via Jun N-terminal kinase and c-Jun. Finally, it binds to and inhibits nuclear factor kappa-B directly, resulting in inhibition of cyclooxygenase 2 transcription and subsequent prostaglandin synthesis. 
Isopentyl mercaptan, also known as 2-methyl-4-butanethiol or fema 3858, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. Isopentyl mercaptan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isopentyl mercaptan is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Isopentyl mercaptan is a glue and onion tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes isopentyl mercaptan a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is naloxone in which the keto group is replaced by a PEG moiety. Used for treatment of opioid-induced constipation. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor antagonist and a cathartic. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a tertiary alcohol and a polyether. It derives from a naloxone. It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. it is a pegylated form of naloxone, a peripherally-acting mu-opioid receptor antagonist, that can be used to reduce opioid-induced symptoms. Upon administration, it binds to and blocks mu-opioid receptors in the peripheral nervous system. This prevents peripheral opioid receptor activation and abrogates opioid-induced side effects, such as opioid-induced constipation (OIC). Pegylation of naloxone reduces permeability across the blood-brain barrier (BBB) and prevents this agent from interfering with the analgesic activity of opioid receptor agonists. 
Bis (aminopropyl) piperazine appears as a colorless liquid with a faint fishlike odor. Corosive to tissue. Burns, although requiring some effort to ignite. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it is the isomeric form of melphalan, with alkylating activity. it crosslinks DNA, thereby causing an inhibition in DNA replication and eventually a reduction in cellular proliferation. 
it is a sulfonamide obtained by formal condensation of the sulfonic acid group of 4-[(3-methoxy-4-methylbenzoyl)amino]benzenesulfonic acid with the primary aromatic amino group of N-(3,5-dimethoxyphenyl)quinoxaline-2,3-diamine. A dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor used in cancer treatment. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a mTOR inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, a quinoxaline derivative, an aromatic amine, a member of benzamides and an aromatic ether. 
it is a succinate salt form of abacavir, a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of guanosine. This agent decreases HIV viral loads, retards or prevents the damage to the immune system, and reduces the risk of developing AIDS. 
it is an octadecanoate ester obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of octadecanoic (stearic) acid and the hydroxy group of propanol. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is an Aspidosperma alkaloid with molecular formula C21H24N2O3 found in the roots of Madagascar periwinkle (Catharanthus roseus, formerly known as Vinca rosea). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a methyl ester, an epoxide and an Aspidosperma alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of phytosterols that is 5beta-cholestane carrying a hydroxy substituent at the 3beta-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and an environmental contaminant. It is a cholestanoid, a 3-hydroxy steroid and a member of phytosterols. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it is a colorless, non corrosive gas with a characteristic sweet odor. Contact with the material may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. It is very toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may violently rupture and rocket. 
it appears as an odorless, white or gray-white solid in the form of hard lumps. A strong irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used in insecticides and fertilizers. it is a member of the class of its of calcium and oxygen in a 1:1 ratio. It has a role as a fertilizer. 
it, also known as it or it (8ci), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as meta cresols. These are aromatic compounds containing a meta-cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing a methyl group and a hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 3, respectively. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of trifluoperazine, a phenothiazine derivative and a dopamine, alpha-adrenergic, and anticholinergic antagonist with antipsychotic, anxiolytic, and antiemetic activities. Trifluoperazine blocks central dopamine receptors, which may prevent or mitigate delusions and hallucinations caused by an excess of dopamine; dopamine blockade in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) may result in an antiemetic effect. This agent binds to central adrenergic receptors, which may result in anxiolytic effects. Trifluoperazine also functions as a calmodulin inhibitor, elevating cytosolic calcium. 
it is a polyene amphoteric macrolide antibiotic with antifungal properties. it exerts its antifungal effects by binding to sterols in the fungal cell membrane thereby increasing membrane permeability. This leads to a leakage and loss of essential cellular constituents. Following ocular application, natamycin is retained in the conjunctival fornices and attains effective concentrations within the corneal stroma where it exerts its effect. 
it is a myo-inositol trisphosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(6-). 
it is a purine nucleoside in which adenine is attached to xylofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond. It derives from an adenine. 
it is an anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces nogalater. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase I, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it appears as white crystalline or colorless amorphous solid, the technical product is a light tan powder. Used as an insecticide; its use is not permitted in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is d-Glucopyranose with beta configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope and a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a beta-L-glucose. it is the beta isoform of D-glucopyranose, a synthetic simple monosaccharide as an energy source. D-glucopyranose is oxidized in various tissues either under aerobic or anaerobic conditions through glycolysis, and the oxidation reaction produces carbon dioxide, water and ATP. 
it is the (2R,4S)-diastereomer of 2,4-diaminopentanoic acid It is a conjugate base of a (2R,4S)-2,4-diazaniumylpentanoate. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a member of the class of acridines that is acridine substituted by a chloro group at position 6, a methoxy group at position 2 and a [5-(diethylamino)pentan-2-yl]nitrilo group at position 9. It has a role as an antimalarial and an EC 1.8.1.12 (trypanothione-disulfide reductase) inhibitor. It is a member of acridines, an organochlorine compound, an aromatic ether and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a hydride of an acridine. it Hydrochloride is the dihydrochloride salt of the 9-aminoacridine derivative it with potential antineoplastic and antiparasitic activities. it may inhibit the transcription and activity of both basal and inducible nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB), which may result in the induction of tumor suppressor p53 transcription, the restoration of p53-dependent apoptotic pathways, and tumor cell apoptosis. Continuous NF-kappaB signaling, present in many tumors and in chronic inflammatory processes, promotes the expression of antiapoptotic proteins and cytokines while downregulating the expression of proapoptotic proteins, such as p53. 
it, also known as bate (hbo2) or it, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as metalloid oxides. These are inorganic compounds containing an oxygen atom of an oxidation state of -2, in which the heaviest atom bonded to the oxygen is a metalloid. it has been primarily detected in saliva. 
1, 6-Hexanedithiol, also known as hexane-1, 6-dithiol or 1, 6-dimercaptohexane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 1, 6-Hexanedithiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 6-hexanedithiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 6-Hexanedithiol has a burnt, fatty, and meaty taste. 
it is trianion of 2-trans,6-trans,10-trans-it. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-trans,6-trans,10-trans-it. 
it is a dihydropyridine derivative with diuretic and antihypertensive activity. it exerts thiazide-like diuretic activity. In addition, this agent inhibits protein kinase C (PKC) and is able to reverse vasoconstriction through the inhibition of PKC-mediated inhibition of Na/K-ATPase phosphorylation. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone in which the oxo group is at position 2, and which is substituted at positions 3, 5, and 7 by carboxy, phenyl and chloro groups, respectively. It has a role as a prodrug, an anticonvulsant, an anxiolytic drug and a GABA modulator. It is a conjugate acid of a clorazepic acid anion. 
ite and salts appears as colorless to white crystals. Used as a rodenticide. Burns, though difficult to ignite. Toxic by ingestion. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a fruity odor. Flash point 185Â°F. Boiling point 365Â°F. May cause adverse health effects if ingested or inhaled. May irritate to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used in organic synthesis and in lacquers and paints. 
it is the O-hydroxy(phenyl)phosphinoyl derivative of ecgonine methyl ester. It has a role as an epitope. It is a tropane alkaloid, a methyl ester and a phosphonic ester. It derives from an ecgonine methyl ester. 
it is a sodium salt formulation of phosphonoacetic acid with activity against herpes simplex viruses and other members of the herpes virus family. Fosfonet inhibits viral DNA polymerase and inhibits the synthesis of viral DNA. 
it is a sodium phosphate salt form of vidarabine, a nucleoside analog with activity against herpes simplex virus and varicella zoster virus. Vidarabine is converted to a monophosphate by viral thymidine kinase and is further modified to a triphosphate form by host enzymes. Vidarabine triphosphate directly inhibits DNA polymerase and also acts as a chain terminator in DNA replication. 
it appears as an anticancer drug. White to slightly yellow, amorphous or crystalline powder. Sensitive to light. Odorless. pH (0.1% solution) 3.5 - 4.5. (NTP, 1992) Vincristine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Catharanthus roseus (Vinca rosea L.) with antimitotic and antineoplastic activities. Vincristine binds irreversibly to microtubules and spindle proteins in S phase of the cell cycle and interferes with the formation of the mitotic spindle, thereby arresting tumor cells in metaphase. This agent also depolymerizes microtubules and may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca(2+)-activated ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 6,6-dimethyl-5,6-dihydro-11H-benzo[b]carbazol-11-one carrying additional cyano, 4-(morpholin-4-yl)piperidin-1-yl and ethyl substituents at positions 3, 8 and 9 respectively. Used (as the hydrochloride salt) for the treatment of patients with anaplastic lymphoma kinase-positive, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of morpholines, a member of piperidines, a nitrile and an aromatic ketone. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is an orally available inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits ALK kinase, ALK fusion proteins as well as the gatekeeper mutation ALKL1196M known as one of the mechanisms of acquired resistance to small-molecule kinase inhibitors. The inhibition leads to disruption of ALK-mediated signaling and eventually inhibits tumor cell growth in ALK-overexpressing tumor cells. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development. ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a series of tumors. 
it appears as white crystalline solid or a colorless liquid (above 86Â°F). Releases a foul odor when melting. (NIOSH, 2016) 
it, compressed, is a colorless, odorless gas. It is shipped as a liquid under its own vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite to unprotected skin. It can asphyxiate by displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyrrolizine alkaloid that is jacobine in which the tertiary amino function has been oxidised to the corresponding N-oxide. It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite and an insecticide. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a tertiary amine oxide, a tertiary alcohol and a spiro-epoxide. It derives from a jacobine. 
it appears as colorless crystals that discolor on exposure to light and air. (NTP, 1992) it is an aminobenzoic acid in which the amino group is para to the carboxy group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite and an allergen. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-aminobenzoate. Aminobenzoic Acid is an organic acid with UV absorption and antifibrotic properties. When exposed to light, aminobenzoic acid (it or it) absorbs UV light and emits excess energy via a photochemical reaction that may cause damage to DNA. Because DNA defects contribute to skin cancer, aminobenzoic acid is no longer widely used in sunscreen formulations. Aminobenzoic acid may also increase oxygen uptake at the tissue level and may enhance monoamine oxidase (MAO) activity to promote the degradation of serotonin, which in excess, may lead to fibrotic changes. 
it is a member of triazoles and a nitrile. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor. it is a nonsteroidal inhibitor of estrogen synthesis with antineoplastic activity. As a third-generation aromatase inhibitor, it selectively and reversibly inhibits aromatase, which may result in growth inhibition of estrogen-dependent breast cancer cells. Aromatase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme localized to the endoplasmic reticulum of the cell and found in many tissues including those of the premenopausal ovary, liver, and breast, catalyzes the aromatization of androstenedione and testosterone into estrone and estradiol, the final step in estrogen biosynthesis. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-methionine and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-methionine and a L-serine. 
it is a nicotinamide mononucleotide that is obtained by addition of hydride to position 4 on the pyridine ring of NMN(+). It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a NMN(+). It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is the pyridine N-oxide derived from the parent pyridine. It is a drug metabolite of the antihypertensive agent pinacidil. It has a role as a drug metabolite. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside having beta-D-glucopyranosyloxymethyluracil (it) as the nucleobase. It has a role as a eukaryotic metabolite. It is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a 5-hydroxymethyluracil. 
(-)-syringaresinol O,O'-bis(beta-D-glucoside) is a beta-D-glucoside that is the 4,4'-bis(beta-D-glucosyl) derivative of (-)-syringaresinol. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant and an anti-inflammatory agent. It derives from a (-)-syringaresinol. 
it is a ketolide, a novel form of macrolide antibiotic that is recommended for treatment of community acquired pneumonia. it was approved for use in the United States in 2004 and subsequently linked to several cases of severe drug induced liver injury. 
it is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid consisting of L-2-aminoadipic acid carrying an N-acetyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-2-aminoadipate(2-). 
it is a monohydroxyquinoline carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 2. It is an intermediate metabolite produced duting the microbial degradation of quinoline. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a tautomer of a quinolin-2(1H)-one. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of demeclocycline. A tetracycline antibiotic, it is used (mainly as the hydrochloride) for the treatment of Lyme disease, acne and bronchitis, as well as for hyponatraemia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a demeclocycline. it is the hydrochloride salt of demeclocycline, a broad-spectrum, tetracycline derivative exhibiting antimicrobial, aquaretic and chelating activities. In bacteria, demeclocycline binds reversibly to the 30S ribosomal subunit and blocks the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the A-site of the mRNA-ribosome complex, resulting in the inhibition of protein synthesis and bacterial cell death. In mammals, this agent interferes with the action of antidiuretic hormone (ADH) at the level of the renal collecting tubule, resulting in aquaresis. In addition, demeclocycline, which like other tetracyclines chelates calcium in bone and exhibits a yellow fluorescence under ultraviolet (UV) light, may be used as a fluorescent bone-labeling agent in bone histomorphometry. 
it, also known as fema 3501 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, honey, and neroli taste. 
5-Keto-D-gluconate, also known as 5-dehydrogluconate or D-tagaturonate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain hydroxy acids and derivatives. These are hydroxy acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain. 5-Keto-D-gluconate is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 5-Keto-D-gluconate has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a third generation, synthetic, water-soluble, pentapeptide analog of the marine depsipeptide dolastatin 15, with potential antimitotic and antineoplastic activities. it and its metabolite, it C-carboxylate, suppress the dynamic instability behavior of the microtubules through a reduction of the shortening rate (disassembly); reduction of the switching frequency from growth to shortening; and by reducing microtubules growth time. This may eventually result in a reduction of cell growth. 
it, also known as it or acetoxypropanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-acyloxy ketones. These are ketones that have an acyloxy substituent alpha to the carbonyl group. They have the general structure R4C(=O)OC(R2)(R3)C(R1)=O (R1=organyl, R4=H or organyl; R2, R3 = any atom). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a buttery and fruity tasting compound that can be found in pineapple. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it or aspulvinone H, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-phenylpropyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, balsam, and bitter taste. 
it, also known as AMSO2 or NSC 403680, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sulfones. Sulfones are compounds containing a sulfonyl group( which as the general structure RS(=O)2R' (R, R' =alkyl, aryl)) attached to two carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and breast milk. 
it is the phosphate salt form of sitagliptin, an orally available, competitive, beta-amino acid-derived inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DDP-4) with hypoglycemic activity. Sitagliptin may cause an increased risk in the development of pancreatitis. 
it is an epoxycarotenol derivative of lutein. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a lutein. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavones. These are polycyclic compounds containing a 2-isoflavene skeleton which bears a ketone group at the C4 carbon atom. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in jicama and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a spironolactone derivative and a potent aldosterone antagonist on mineralocorticoid biosynthesis with diuretic activity. As an aldosterone antagonist, it may inhibit sodium resorption in the collecting duct and may eventually lead to diuresis. 
, also known as 5-oh-hxmf, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in citrus and sweet orange. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a liquid with a fishlike odor. Less dense than water. Flash point 39 - 55Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it is an organic sodium salt having 2'-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl[2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole]-7-sulfonate as the counterion. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a 2'-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl[2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole]-7-sulfonate. 
it is a taxane diterpenoid that is taxane which contains double bounds at the 4-20 and 11-12 positions and which is substituted by an acetoxy group at the 5alpha position. It is a taxane diterpenoid and an acetate ester. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of fexofenadine, a carboxylated metabolic derivative of terfenadine and second generation, long-lasting selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist, with antihistaminic activity. Upon administration, fexofenadine competitively binds of peripheral H1-receptors in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, blood vessels, and bronchial smooth muscle. This prevents binding of histamine to peripheral H1-receptors and prevents their activation. This prevents a histamine-mediated allergic reaction. Fexofenadine does not cross the blood-brain-barrier (BBB). 
Asarone is a phenylpropanoid that is benzene substituted by methoxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 4 and a propen-1-yl group at position 5. It has been isolated from Acorus. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of methoxybenzenes. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is the 3-O-methyl derivative of alpha-L-rhamnopyranose. An epitope identified from the glycolipids isolated from Mycobacterium peregrinum. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from an alpha-L-rhamnopyranose. 
it is an organic anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of urea-1-carboxylic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a urea-1-carboxylic acid. 
it is the mesylate salt of a synthetic analogue of halichondrin B, a substance derived from a marine sponge (Lissodendoryx sp.) with antineoplastic activity. Eribulin binds to the vinca domain of tubulin and inhibits the polymerization of tubulin and the assembly of microtubules, resulting in inhibition of mitotic spindle assembly, induction of cell cycle arrest at G2/M phase, and, potentially, tumor regression. 
it is a chlorophenoxyacetic acid that is phenoxyacetic acid carrying a chloro substituent at position 4. It has a role as a phenoxy herbicide. It is a chlorophenoxyacetic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It is a conjugate acid of a (4-chlorophenoxy)acetate. 
it, also known as peperinate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzofurans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a furan. Furan is a five-membered aromatic ring with four carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Acetyl methyl carbinol appears as a light-yellow colored liquid that can form a crystalline solid when it dimerizes. Slightly denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Used to make other chemicals. it is a methyl ketone that is butan-2-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is an acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of methacrylic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a methacrylic acid and a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
(1R,3S)-3-(adamantan-1-yl)-1-(aminomethyl)-3,4-dihydroisochromene-5,6-diol hydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt obtained by mixing equimolar amounts of (1R,3S)-3-(adamantan-1-yl)-1-(aminomethyl)-3,4-dihydroisochromene-5,6-diol with hydrochloric acid. Potent and selective dopamine D1-like receptor agonist (pEC50 values are 8.97 and < 5 for D1-like and D2-like receptors respectively). Displays anti-Parkinsonian activity following oral administration in vivo. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug and a dopamine agonist. It contains a (1R,3S)-3-(adamantan-1-yl)-1-(ammoniomethyl)-3,4-dihydroisochromene-5,6-diol(1+). 
3beta-hydroxy-it is an epoxy steroid that is pregnenolone which has an epoxy group whose oxygen is attached to the 16alpha and 17alpha-positions. It is a sterol, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid, a C21-steroid and an epoxy steroid. 
(1S,2S,5S)-2-(4-glutaridylbenzyl)-5-phenylcyclohexan-1-ol is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-based hapten where a 4-substituted benzoyl group is attached to nitrogen. It has a role as a hapten. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of cyclohexanols and a N-acyl-gamma-aminobutyric acid. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyric acid. 
it is a methyluridine that consists of uridine bearing two methyl substituents located at position C-5 on the uracil ring and position O-2' on the ribose ring. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00697879 (Safety Study of the Histone Deacetylase Inhibitor, it, in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumours). it is an orally bioavailable, second-generation hydroxamic acid-based inhibitor of histone deacetylase (HDAC), with potential antineoplastic activity. it targets and inhibits HDAC, resulting in an accumulation of highly acetylated histones, the induction of chromatin remodeling, and the selective transcription of tumor suppressor genes; these events result in the inhibition of tumor cell division and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. This agent may upregulate HSP70 and downregulate anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 proteins more substantially than some first-generation HDAC inhibitors. HDACs, upregulated in many tumor cell types, are a family of metalloenzymes responsible for the deacetylation of chromatin histone proteins. 
(4alpha, 5beta, 6alpha, 7alpha, 10alpha)-it, also known as (4Î±, 5Î², 6Î±, 7Î±, 10Î±)-1-aromadendrene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as polycyclic hydrocarbons. These are polycyclic organic compounds made up only of carbon and hydrogen atoms (4alpha, 5beta, 6alpha, 7alpha, 10alpha)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (4alpha, 5beta, 6alpha, 7alpha, 10alpha)-1-aromadendrene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a 2-amino-1-hydroxyoctadecan-3-one that has S-configuration. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a sphinganine. It is a conjugate base of a 3-dehydrosphinganinium(1+). 
Ferumoxytol is an intravenously administered iron preparation indicated in the EU and the US for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD).  It is comprised of superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles which are coated by a semi-synthetic carbohydrate shell in an isotonic, neutral pH solution that may be administered at relatively high dose by rapid intravenous injection. 
it is a 2-amino-2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose 6-phosphate that has an alpha-configuration at the anomeric position. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-glucosamine. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a triterpene that is lanostane in which there is a methylene bridge between the 5- and 9-positions. It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 
it is the di-4-toluate ester of (+-)-N-tert-butylnoradrenaline (colterol). A pro-drug for colterol, a beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist, it is used as its methanesulfonate salt for relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma, chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, an anti-asthmatic drug, a beta-adrenergic agonist and a prodrug. It is a member of ethanolamines, a carboxylic ester, a diester, a secondary amino compound and a secondary alcohol. it is a diester sympathomimetic amine with bronchodilator activity. As an ester prodrug, it is hydrolyzed by esterases to its active metabolite colterol (N-t-butylarterenol). Colterol selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar smooth muscle, thereby causing stimulation of adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased intracellular cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle. This increases air flow and prevents bronchospasms and may eventually lead to an improvement of airway function. 
it is a diterpenoid that is geranylgeraniol carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 18. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, an anti-ulcer drug, a plant metabolite, a nephroprotective agent and a vulnerary. It is a primary alcohol and a diterpenoid. 
it is a cholestanoid that consists of 3-oxocholest-4-ene bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 26. It is a 26-hydroxy steroid, a cholestanoid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It derives from a cholest-4-en-3-one. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of an orally-active thiazolidinedione with antidiabetic properties and potential antineoplastic activity. Pioglitazone activates peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma), a ligand-activated transcription factor, thereby inducing cell differentiation and inhibiting cell growth and angiogenesis. This agent also modulates the transcription of insulin-responsive genes, inhibits macrophage and monocyte activation, and stimulates adipocyte differentiation. (NCI05) 
it is a benzoic acid that is 4-(aminomethyl)benzoic acid in which the amino group is substituted by 4-carboxybutyl and 2-(2-{[4-(2-phenylethyl)benzyl]oxy}phenyl)ethyl groups. It is a soluble guanylate cyclase activator, used for the treatment of acute decompensated heart failure. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a soluble guanylate cyclase activator and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of benzoic acids, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a dicarboxylic acid. 
3-(4-Hydroxy-3, 5-dimethoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid, also known as sinapic acid or 3, 5-dimethoxy-4-hydroxycinnamic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-(4-Hydroxy-3, 5-dimethoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a 1-(1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl)acetone that has S configuration. It is a pyrrolidine alkaloid and a 1-(1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl)acetone. It is an enantiomer of a hygrine. 
P-nitrochlorobenzene is a light yellow crystalline solid. Density 1.520 g / cm3. Melting point 83Â°C. Sweet odor. Very toxic by inhalation, ingestion, and skin absorption. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is N-[4-(pyrazol-1-yl)phenyl]glycinamide in which the pyrazole ring is substituted at positions 3 and 5 by trifluoromethyl and phenanthrene-2-yl groups respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of pyrazoles, a member of phenanthrenes, an organofluorine compound, a glycine derivative, an aromatic amide and an antibiotic antifungal drug. it is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule, celecoxib-derived inhibitor of phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1 (PDK1) with potential antineoplastic activity. Devoid of any COX inhibiting activity, it binds to and inhibits the phosphorylation of 3-phosphoinositide-dependent kinase-1 (PDK-1).; subsequently, the phosphorylation and activation of the serine/threonine protein kinase Akt (protein kinase B or PKB) is inhibited, which may result in inhibition of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway, inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. In addition, this agent appears to induce the activity of protein kinase R-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase (PERK), which plays a key role in the endoplasmic reticulum stress pathway. Activation and dysregulation of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis and dysregulated PI3K/Akt signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
1, 2-Butanedithiol, also known as 1, 2-dimercaptobutane or fema 3528, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 1, 2-Butanedithiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 2-butanedithiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an orally bioavailable phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically inhibits PI3K in the PI3K/AKT kinase (or protein kinase B) signaling pathway, thereby inhibiting the activation of the PI3K signaling pathway. This may result in inhibition of tumor cell growth and survival in susceptible tumor cell populations. Activation of the PI3K signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis. Dysregulated PI3K signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
Diethylene glycol dimethyl ether is a colorless watery liquid with a pleasant odor. Floats and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a polyether that is the dimethyl ether derivative of diethylene glycol. It has a role as a solvent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a diethylene glycol. 
The predominant form of mammalian antidiuretic hormone. It is a nonapeptide containing an ARGININE at residue 8 and two disulfide-linked cysteines at residues of 1 and 6. Arg-vasopressin is used to treat DIABETES INSIPIDUS or to improve vasomotor tone and BLOOD PRESSURE. 
it is a sesquiterpene that is 2-methyl-2-heptene in which one of the hydrogens at position 6 is substituted by a p-tolyl group. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a faint fishlike odor. Less dense than water. May be toxic by ingestion. Severely irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used to make paints, varnishes and detergents. 
it appears as green, needle-like crystals. Used as a veterinary anthelmintic, as a sensitizer for photographic emulsions and as an insecticides. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde that is heptadecanal carrying a double bond at position 16. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde and a long-chain fatty aldehyde. 
it is an androstanoid that is 5alpha-androst-16-ene substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It is a steroid pheromone found in high concentrations in the saliva of male pigs,. It has a role as a pheromone and a mammalian metabolite. It is a 3-oxo steroid and an androstanoid. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androst-16-ene. 
it is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate compound having the phosphate group at the 5'-position and a hydroxymethyl substituent at the 5-position. It is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium such as the aqueous humor. 
it is an organochlorine acaricide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a tertiary alcohol and an isopropyl ester. It has a role as a bridged diphenyl acaricide. It derives from a 4,4'-dichlorobenzilic acid. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It reacts violently with water and may ignite upon contact with air. It is toxic by ingestion. It is used to make other chemicals. 
it is an L-alanine derivative consisting of an N-acetyl-D-muramoyl group attached to L-alanine via an amide linkage. It is a glyco-amino acid and a L-alanine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-D-muramoyl-L-alaninate. 
it is an antineoplastic-antibiotic diazo analog of L-glutamine isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces ambofaciens. it inhibits glutamine-dependent enzymes involved in purine and pyrimidine biosynthesis, resulting in inhibition of DNA synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a fructopyranose having D-configuration. It has a role as a sweetening agent. It is a fructopyranose, a it and a cyclic hemiketal. 
it is a 2-(D-glucosyloxy)benzoic acid with beta configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy)benzoate. 
it is a rifamycin antibiotic that is similar in structure and activity to rifampin and rifapentine and which is used largely in the prevention of Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) disease in patients with advanced HIV infection. it is associated with transient and asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase and is a likely cause of clinically apparent, acute liver disease. it is a semisynthetic ansamycin antibiotic with potent antimycobacterial properties. it inhibits bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, thereby suppressing the initiation of RNA formation and leading to inhibition of RNA synthesis and transcription. (NCI04) 
it is pyrimidine substituted at C-2 by a sulfanyl group. It has a role as a corrosion inhibitor and an allergen. It is a member of pyrimidines and an aryl thiol. 
it, also known as a-p dipeptide or ala-pro, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. 
2, 4-Heptadecanedione, also known as it or tetradecanoylacetone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. 2, 4-Heptadecanedione exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 4-heptadecanedione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 4-heptadecanedione can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 4-heptadecanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an L-isoleucine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-isoleucine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-isoleucine derivative. 
Cefmenoxime is a third-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cefmenoxime binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a mild odor. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a primary alcohol that is methanol in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by a tetrahydrofuran-2-yl group. It has a role as a protic solvent. It is a primary alcohol and a member of oxolanes. 
it is a silvery white metal that exists as a solid under normal conditions. It is produced when uranium absorbs an atomic particle. Trace amounts of plutonium occur naturally, but large amounts have been produced in nuclear reactors. Trace levels of plutonium can be found in the environment, from past nuclear bomb tests, in several forms called isotopes. The most common plutonium isotopes are plutonium-238 and plutonium-239. it undergoes radioactive decay. In this decay process, energy is released and a new product is formed. The energy released is called radiation. When plutonium decays, it divides into two parts-a small part that is called \ it atom is an actinoid atom and a f-block element atom. 
it (anhydrous) is a member of the class of phosphonic acids that is methylphosphonic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a [(2R)-1-(6-amino-9H-purin-9-yl)propan-2-yl]oxy group. An inhibitor of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase, the bis(isopropyloxycarbonyloxymethyl) ester (disoproxil ester) prodrug is used as the fumaric acid salt in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV infection. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor, an antiviral drug and a drug metabolite. It is a member of phosphonic acids and a nucleoside analogue. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a 19-membered cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Floridian marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya sp. It exhibits inhibitory activity towards the enzyme trypsin. It has a role as a metabolite, a serine protease inhibitor and an EC 3.4.21.4 (trypsin) inhibitor. It is a cyclodepsipeptide, an organobromine compound and a macrocycle. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03442764 (A Phase 2 Study of it in Adults With Symptomatic Non-Obstructive Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy (nHCM)). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in nuts and pulses. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is protoporphyrin in which the vinyl groups at positions 7 and 12 are replaced by 1-hydroxyethyl groups. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent. It is a member of protoporphyrins and a dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a protoporphyrin. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its comprising of a heterotricyclic system that is 11H-dibenzo[b,e][1,4]dioxepine substituted by an oxo group at position 11. It is a member of its and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 
it is a member of the class of benzophenones that is sulochrin in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 are substituted by chloro groups. It is isolated from several Aspergillus species. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a methyl ester, a member of benzophenones, a dichlorobenzene and an aromatic ether. It derives from a sulochrin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is coumarin in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an immunoconjugate consisting of a humanized monoclonal antibody that is engineered to contain cysteine residues that are conjugated to the synthetic, DNA cross-linking, pyrrolobenzodiazepine dimer SGD-1882, via the protease-cleavable linker maleimidocaproyl-valine-alanine dipeptide, with potential antineoplastic activity. The monoclonal antibody portion of it specifically binds to the cell surface antigen CD33. This causes the internalization of it, and the release of the cytotoxic moiety SGD-1882. SGD-1882 binds to and crosslinks DNA, which results in both cell cycle arrest and the induction of apoptosis in CD33-expressing tumor cells. CD33, a transmembrane receptor, is expressed on myeloid leukemia cells. 
it is a ribonucleotide that is the 5'-monophosphate derivative of beta-hydroxywybutosine. It is a ribonucleotide, a methyl ester and a carbamate ester. It derives from a guanosine 5'-monophosphate and a wybutosine 5'-monophosphate. 
6,17-Dimethylpregna-4,6-diene-3,20-dione. A synthetic progestational hormone with actions similar to those of progesterone. It is used in the treatment of menstrual irregularities and has also been employed in the treatment of prostatic hypertrophy and endometrial carcinoma. 
it, which was previously under development by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), is being developed by Adherex to enhance the therapeutic value and effectiveness of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), one of the worldâ€™s most widely-used oncology agents.  5-FU is widely used in the U.S. and is often first or second line therapy for a variety of cancers including colorectal, breast, gastric, head and neck, ovarian and basal cell cancer of the skin. it could improve 5-FU by increasing its effectiveness, reducing its side effects and/or making it orally available. it has received Orphan Drug status from the FDA for the treatment of hepatocellular cancer in combination with fluoropyrimidines (including 5-FU). it is an orally-active fluoropyrimidine analogue. it inhibits dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase, the rate-limiting enzyme that catabolizes and inactivates 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) in the liver. Co-administration of ethynyluracil permits the oral administration of 5-FU. 
it is a dithiane that is cyclohexane in which the -CH2- units at positions 1 and 2 have been replaced by sulfur atoms. 
it is the dimesylate salt form of it, a tri-substituted imidazole derivative and orally available, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) inhibitor with potential anti-inflammatory and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, ralimetinib inhibits the activity of p38, particularly the alpha and beta isoforms, thereby inhibiting MAPKAPK2 phosphorylation and preventing p38 MAPK-mediated signaling. This may inhibit the production of a variety of cytokines involved in inflammation, cellular proliferation and angiogenesis such as tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFa), interleukin (IL)-1, -6 and -8, vascular endothelial growth factor, and macrophage inflammatory protein-1 alpha. Ultimately this induces apoptosis and reduces tumor cell proliferation. In addition, inhibition of the p38 MAPK pathway by it increases the antineoplastic activity of certain chemotherapeutic agents. p38 MAPK, a serine/threonine protein kinase that is often upregulated in cancer cells, plays a crucial role in tumor cell proliferation, angiogenesis and metastasis. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is hexacosane in which the methyl groups have been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a hexacosanedioate(2-). It derives from a hydride of a hexacosane. 
it is a benzylphenol glucoside and selective sodium-glucose co-transporter subtype 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor with antihyperglycemic activity. Its prodrug form, it, is orally available and is converted to sergiflozin upon absorption. 
it is a dihydroxybenzenesulfonic acid that is hydroquinone in which one of the phenyl hydrogens is substituted by a sulfonic acid group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzenesulfonic acid and a member of hydroquinones. It derives from a hydroquinone. 
A non-estrogenic contraceptive which is a weak progestin with strong anti-progesterone properties. It is effective if used once a week orally or can also be used in intravaginal devices. 
it is an alkaloid isolated from the marine sponge Phakellia flabellata and Acanthella costata. It acts as an alpha2B adrenoceptor agonist. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a marine metabolite and an animal metabolite. It is a member of guanidines, an alkaloid and an organobromine compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-carbamoyl-alpha amino acids. N-carbamoyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an carbamoyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-carbamoyl-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N-carbamoyl-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid can be found in pulses. This makes N-carbamoyl-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the carboxy group of dodecanoic acid by a sodium ion. It has a role as a detergent. It contains a dodecanoate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of methoxyacetic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a methoxyacetic acid. 
Diphenyloxide-4,4&#39;-disulfonyl hydrazide appears as a colorless, crystalline solid with a geranium-like odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Moderately toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Readily ignited by sparks or flames and burns intensely and persistently. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a sodium salt form of fusidic acid, a bacteriostatic antibiotic derived from the fungus Fusidium coccineum and used as a topical medication to treat skin infections. 
D-it is a xylulose phosphate that is D-xylulose carrying two phospho groups at positions 1 and 5. It has a role as an EC 4.1.1.39 (ribulose-bisphosphate carboxylase) inhibitor. It derives from a D-xylulose. It is a conjugate acid of a D-it(4-). 
it is the orally bioavailable diphosphate salt of a multiple-receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Motesanib selectively targets and inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGFR), platelet-derived growth factor (PDGFR), kit, and Ret receptors, thereby inhibiting angiogenesis and cellular proliferation. 
it is a benzenetriol that is acetophenone in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4, and 6 on the phenyl group are replaced by hydroxy groups. It is used as a matrix in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) mass spectrometry for the analysis of acidic glycans and glycopeptides. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material and a plant metabolite. It is a methyl ketone, a benzenetriol and an aromatic ketone. 
A nicotinic cholinergic antagonist often referred to as the prototypical ganglionic blocker. It is poorly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and does not cross the blood-brain barrier. It has been used for a variety of therapeutic purposes including hypertension but, like the other ganglionic blockers, it has been replaced by more specific drugs for most purposes, although it is widely used a research tool. 
(E)-it is a member of the class of cinnamaldehydes that is cinnamaldehyde substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and methoxy groups at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of cinnamaldehydes, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It derives from an (E)-cinnamaldehyde. 
it is a member of the class of psoralens that is psoralen substituted by a prenyloxy group at position 5. Isolated from Angelica dahurica and Angelica koreana, it acts as a acetylcholinesterase inhibitor. It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a mercaptopropanoic acid that is propanoic acid carrying a sulfanyl group at position 3. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-mercaptopropionate. 
it is a once-daily sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator for the treatment of relapsing Multiple Sclerosis (MS) and inflammatory bowel disease. It was developed by Celgene(now acquired by Bristol-Myers Squibb) and was approved by the FDA on March 26 2020.  MS is a devastating inflammatory disease that often progresses and causes severe neurological, physical, and cognitive effects. Inflammatory bowel disease also a chronic inflammatory condition and can cause persistent abdominal pain, diarrhea, bloody stools, and vomiting.  In clinical trials, it has been shown to be well-tolerated and has resulted in a higher decrease in the rate of MS relapses than with intramuscular [interferon beta-1a], a current standard in MS therapy. Studies involving patients with inflammatory bowel disease have also shown promising results. 
it is an dichlorobenzene derivative that is used in the form of its trifenate salt for treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and a bronchodilator agent. It is an ether, a secondary amino compound, a member of benzyl alcohols, a member of phenols and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxyanthraquinones. Hydroxyanthraquinones are compounds containing a hydroxyanthraquinone moiety, which consists of an anthracene bearing a quinone, and hydroxyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, heliocide H3 is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, heliocide H3 can be found in fats and oils. This makes heliocide H3 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as AT-001 and CJ-023, is a drug from the piprant class. These molecules were derived from acylsulfonamide and are characterized to be a novel series of para-N-acylaminomethylbenzoic acid known to be prostaglandin receptor antagonists. This type of molecules is currently in development for veterinary patients. This class of drugs was defined in 2013 by the World Health Organization.   it has been approved in March 2016 by the FDA's Center for Veterinary Medicine as a non-cyclooxygenase inhibiting NSAID for veterinary use. it is an orally bioavailable antagonist of the prostaglandin E receptor subtype 4 (EP4), with potential analgesic, immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration of it, this agent selectively binds to and inhibits the binding of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) and prevents the activation of the EP4 receptor. This inhibits PGE2-EP4 receptor-mediated signaling and prevents proliferation in tumor cells in which the PGE2-EP4 signaling pathway is over-activated. In addition, EP4 receptor inhibition modulates the immune system by preventing both interleukin-23 (IL-23) production and the IL-23-mediated expansion of Th17 cells. As EP4 is expressed by peripheral sensory neurons, blockade of EP4-mediated signaling may induce an analgesic effect. EP4, a prostanoid receptor subtype, is a G protein-coupled receptor that is expressed in certain types of cancers; it promotes tumor cell proliferation and invasion. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is abieta-8,11,13-triene substituted at position 18 by a carboxy group. It has a role as a metabolite and an allergen. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a carbotricyclic compound. It derives from an abietic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dehydroabietate. 
, also known as 2, 6-DMH or dimethyl heptenal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. Thus, is considered to be a fatty aldehyde lipid molecule. is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Quinine is a natural cinchona alkaloid that has been used for centuries in the prevention and therapy of malaria. Quinine is also used for idiopathic muscle cramps. Quinine therapy has been associated with rare instances of hypersensitivity reactions which can be accompanied by hepatitis and mild jaundice. Quinine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of the quinidine alkaloid isolate quinine. Quinine has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
Alpha-Terpineol propanoate, also known as a-terpineol propanoic acid or p-menth-1-en-8-yl propionate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Alpha-Terpineol propanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-terpineol propanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Alpha-Terpineol propanoate is a bitter, citrus, and geranium tasting compound that can be found in lemon and wild celery. This makes Alpha-terpineol propanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a biphenyl matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) inhibitor (MMPI) with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits MMP-2, MMP-3, and MMP-9, inhibiting extracellular matrix degradation and potentially inhibiting angiogenesis, tumor growth and invasion, and metastasis. MMPs consist of at least 18 zinc-containing endo-proteinases that are capable of degrading collagen and proteoglycan. 
it appears as odorless white granules or crystalline powder. Denser than water. It is toxic by inhalation and by ingestion. It is used in medicine, for gold and silver extraction, and to make other mercury compounds. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of vancomycin, a branched tricyclic glycosylated peptide with bactericidal activity against most organisms and bacteriostatic effect on enterococci. At a site different from that of penicillins and cephalosporins, vancomycin binds tightly to the D-alanyl-D-alanine portion of cell wall precursors, thereby interfering with bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to activation of bacterial autolysins that destroy the cell wall by lysis. Vancomycin may also alter the permeability of bacterial cytoplasmic membranes and may selectively inhibit RNA synthesis. 
it is a colorless liquid with a distinctive acrid odor. Flash point 130Â°F. Boiling point 286Â°F. Freezing point 53Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat can cause polymerization. If polymerization takes place in a closed container, violent rupture may occur. The inhibitor (usually hydroquinone) greatly reduces the tendency to polymerize. it is a alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is ethene substituted by a carboxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an acrylate. 
it is a cyclic hemiketal that is cevane that has an oxygen bridge from the 4alpha to the 9 position and is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 4beta, 12, 14, 16beta, 17, and 20 positions. It has a role as an insecticide. It is a cyclic hemiketal, an alkaloid, a heptol, a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a cevane. 
it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone derived from anthracene by substitution with oxo groups at C-9 and C-10 and with hydroxy groups at C-1, C-2 and C-4. It has a role as a biological pigment, a histological dye and a plant metabolite. 
One of the ANGIOTENSIN-CONVERTING ENZYME INHIBITORS (ACE inhibitors) used for hypertension. It is a prodrug that is hydrolyzed after absorption to its main metabolite cilazaprilat. 
it is the acetate ester of 2-phenylethanol. It has a role as a metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a 2-phenylethanol. 
it is the hydrobromide salt form of dextromethorphan, a synthetic, methylated dextrorotary analogue of levorphanol, a substance related to codeine and a non-opioid derivate of morphine. Dextromethorphan exhibits antitussive activity and is devoid of analgesic or addictive property. This agent crosses the blood-brain-barrier and activates sigma opioid receptors on the cough center in the central nervous system, thereby suppressing the cough reflex. 
it is a member of the class of phosphonic acids that is phosphonic acid having a butyl group attached to the phosphorous atom. 
it, also known as fema 2207, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C4 carbon atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a bitter, caramel, and fruity taste. 
it is an epoxide resulting from the epoxidation of the double bond of a conduritol. It is a cyclitol, an epoxide and a tetrol. It derives from a conduritol. 
it appears as white solid or liquid. Has no odor. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) Ammonium Lactate is an organic salt of ammonium (lactic acid neutralized with ammonium hydroxide), topical moisturizing Ammonium Lactate can be applied as a humectant in ichthyosis vulgaris and xerosis. Available as cream or lotion, this agent moisturizes the skin and breaks up the scales. (NCI04) 
it is an apo carotenoid compound arising from oxidative degradation of the beta,beta-carotene skeleton at the 1'- and 6'-positions. It has a role as a food colouring. It is an apo carotenoid and an enone. 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid with a faint aromatic odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Strongly irritates skin and eyes. Used to manufacture dyes. 
it is an ergoline alkaloid that is the N-benzyloxycarbonyl derivative of lysergamine. A 5-HT2 antagonist. Also 5-HT1 antagonist and 5-HT1D ligand. Has moderate affinity for 5-HT6 and high affinity for 5-HT7. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist and a dopamine agonist. It is an ergoline alkaloid and a carbamate ester. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide of succinic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a succinamate. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dihydrogeranylacetone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, balsam, and floral taste. 
Xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. Xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione can be found in herbs and spices. This makes xi-2, 2, 6-trimethyl-1, 4-cyclohexanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the simplest of the class of its, in which the benzene nucleus carries no other substituents. It is a conjugate base of a benzenesulfonic acid. 
3, 7(11)-Eudesmadiene, also known as selina-3, 7(11)-dien or aristolochene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. 3, 7(11)-Eudesmadiene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 7(11)-eudesmadiene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3, 7(11)-eudesmadiene can be found in alcoholic beverages, fats and oils, and ginger. This makes 3, 7(11)-eudesmadiene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an aminoquinoline that is chloroquine in which one of the N-ethyl groups is hydroxylated at position 2. An antimalarial with properties similar to chloroquine that acts against erythrocytic forms of malarial parasites, it is mainly used as the sulfate salt for the treatment of lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, and light-sensitive skin eruptions. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antirheumatic drug, a dermatologic drug and an anticoronaviral agent. It is an aminoquinoline, an organochlorine compound, a primary alcohol, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a chloroquine. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). it is a 4-aminoquinoline with immunosuppressive, antiautophagy, and antimalarial activities. Although the precise mechanism of action is unknown, it may suppress immune function by interfering with the processing and presentation of antigens and the production of cytokines. As a lysosomotropic agent, it raises intralysosomal pH, impairing autophagic protein degradation; it-mediated accumulation of ineffective autophagosomes may result in cell death in tumor cells reliant on autophagy for survival. In addition, this agent is highly active against the erythrocytic forms of P. vivax and malariae and most strains of P. falciparum but not the gametocytes of P. falciparum. 
it, also known as it or ethylvanillin?, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, floral, and vanilla taste. 
it, also known as tricholomate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, tricholomic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, tricholomic acid can be found in mushrooms. This makes tricholomic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of rifamycins that is a a semisynthetic antibiotic derived from Amycolatopsis rifamycinica (previously known as Amycolatopsis mediterranei and Streptomyces mediterranei) It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitor, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an antitubercular agent, a leprostatic drug, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a protein synthesis inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor, a pregnane X receptor agonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-iminopiperazine, a N-methylpiperazine, a hydrazone, a cyclic ketal, a semisynthetic derivative and a member of rifamycins. It is a tautomer of a rifampicin zwitterion. Rifampin is a semisynthetic derivative of rifamycin with broad antibacterial activity. Rifampin inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase in susceptible bacteria and is often used in combination with other antibiotics for various infections including tuberculosis. 
it is a homodetic cyclic peptide composed of L-asparaginyl, L-phenylalanyl, L-prolyl, L-threonyl, L-histidyl and L-valyl residues linked in a sequence. It is isolated from the seeds of Annona montana and has been shown to exhibit anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. 
it is a dark reddish-brown fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Denser than water and soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Toxic by inhalation. Accelerates the burning of combustible material. It is very corrosive to tissue and to metals. 
it, also known as it or alpha -pipecolin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidines. Piperidines are compounds containing a piperidine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member ring with one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an amine, chip, and corn taste. 
it appears as an amber liquid. May be absorbed through the skin. Vapors are heavier than air. Contact with vapors or liquid may cause burns or irritation. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol acetate substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 2 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It is an acetate ester, a member of chromenes and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it is the conjugate base of cerotic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a very long-chain fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 26:0 and an omega-methyl fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a hexacosanoic acid. 
Dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3, 5-dithiazinanes. These are cyclic compounds that contain a dithiazinane ring, which is a saturated heterocycle that consisting of one nitrogen atom, two sulfur atoms at the 1-, 3-, and 5- position, respectively. Dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine can be found in mollusks. This makes dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Nedaplatin is a second-generation cisplatin analogue with antineoplastic activity. Containing a novel ring structure in which glycolate is bound to the platinum by a bidentate ligand, nedaplatin forms reactive platinum complexes that bind to nucelophillic groups in DNA, resulting in intrastrand and interstrand DNA cross-links, apoptosis and cell death. This agent appears to be less nephrotoxic and neurotoxic compared to both cisplatin and carboplatin. 
it is an L-arginine derivative in which the guanidino NH2 group of L-arginine is replaced by a methylsufanyl group. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and a neuroprotective agent. It is a L-arginine derivative, a L-ornithine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and an imidothiocarbamic ester. 
Ceftazidime is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftazidime binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftazidime is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftazidine also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having adenine as the nucleobase and a lipoyl group attached to one of the phosphate OH groups. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate, a member of dithiolanes and an acyclic mixed acid anhydride. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate, a lipoic acid and an octanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Buprenorphine is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt form of buprenorphine, a synthetic phenanthrene with narcotic analgesic activity. it is a partial agonist at the mu-opioid receptor and an antagonist at the kapa-opioid receptor in the central nervous system. However, under the conditions of recommended use it behaves as a classic mu-opioid agonist, mimicking the actions of endogenous peptides at CNS opioid receptors. The agonist action results in a raised pain threshold and increased tolerance to pain. However, it also causes sedation, physical dependence, and respiratory depressant effects and decreases heart rate and blood pressure. 
it is a nucleotide-sugar oxoanion that is the conjugate base of dTDP-alpha-D-desosamine, arising from deprotonation of the diphosphate group and protonation of the amino group. It is a conjugate base of a dTDP-alpha-D-desosamine. 
it is trianion of it arising from deprotonation of carboxy and phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nucleoside and nucleotide analogues. These are analogues of nucleosides and nucleotides. These include phosphonated nucleosides, C-glycosylated nucleoside bases, analogues where the sugar unit is a pyranose, and carbocyclic nucleosides, among others. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, lamivudine sulfoxide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it can be biosynthesized from lamivudine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme sulfotransferase 1A1. In humans, lamivudine sulfoxide is involved in the lamivudine metabolism pathway. 
it is the 1H-tautomer of it. It is a it and a polycyclic heteroarene. It is a conjugate acid of a benzimidazolide. It is a tautomer of a 4H-it, a 2H-it and a 3aH-it. 
it is a carbamoylkanamycin that is tobramycin bearing a single carbamoyl substituent located at position 6'' (on the 3-aminoglucose ring). It derives from a tobramycin. It is a conjugate base of a it(5+). 
it is a metal sulfate in which the metal component is manganese in the +2 oxidation state. It has a role as a nutraceutical. It is a metal sulfate and a manganese molecular entity. It contains a manganese(2+). 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is the 4'-O-methyl derivative of kaempferol. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. It derives from a kaempferol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls that is phenol in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a phenyl group. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with the odor of fingernail polish. Flash point 45Â°F. Less dense than water and soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Density 0.809 g / cm3. Vapors heavier than air. it is a pentanone carrying an oxo substituent at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and a pentanone. 
2, 4, 6-Trihydroxybenzaldehyde, also known as phloroglucinol aldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acylphloroglucinols and derivatives. These are phloroglucinol derivatives characterized by the presence of a COR group. 2, 4, 6-Trihydroxybenzaldehyde is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the 2-(3,4-dihydroxybenzoyl) derivative of 2,4,6-trihydroxybenzoic acid. A metabolite of quercetin, an abundant flavonoid found in edible vegetables, grains and fruits which is used as an ingredient in supplements, beverages, or foods. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a benzoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(3,4-dihydroxybenzoyloxy)-4,6-dihydroxybenzoate. 
it is the hydrochloride form of propranolol, a synthetic beta-adrenergic receptor blocker with antianginal, antiarrhythmic, and antihypertensive properties. Propranolol competitively antagonizes beta-adrenergic receptors, thereby inhibiting beta-adrenergic reactions, such as vasodilation, and negative chronotropic and inotropic effects. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is oleanane containing a double bond between positions 12 and 13 and substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 22beta and 24-positions. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
ite is a steroidal antiandrogen that has been used in the treatment of prostate cancer in many countries of the world, but not in the United States. ite therapy can be associated with serum enzyme elevations during therapy and has been linked to many instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury, some of which were fatal. 
The disodium salt of selenious acid. It is used therapeutically to supply the trace element selenium and is prepared by the reaction of SELENIUM DIOXIDE with SODIUM HYDROXIDE. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol acetate substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 2, an ethyl group at position 4 and a 4-(acetyloxy)phenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is a member of chromenes, an acetate ester and a diester. 
it, also known as TRP-gly or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in feces. 
N, N, N-Trimethylethenaminium belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quaternary ammonium salts. Quaternary ammonium salts are compounds containing positively charged polyatomic ion of the structure NR4+, R being an alkyl group or an aryl group. N, N, N-Trimethylethenaminium is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a 3',5'-cyclic pyrimidine nucleotide having uridine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a signalling molecule, a mammalian metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 
it is a polycyclic alkane that is tetrahedrane in which each of the hydrogens is substituted by a tert-butyl group. It derives from a hydride of a tetrahedrane. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which one of the nitrogens has been substituted by a 5-tert-butyl-1,2-oxazol-3-yl group, while the other has been substituted by a 3-fluoro-4-hydroxyphenyl group, the hydroxy group has been converted to the corresponding 1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-4-yl ether. It is an FLT3 (fms-like tyrosine kinase 3)and Wnt/beta-catenin signaling inhibitor. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and a Wnt signalling inhibitor. It is a member of phenylureas, a pyrazolopyrimidine, an aromatic ether, a member of isoxazoles and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
N-[(9-beta-D-ribofuranosylpurin-6-yl)carbamoyl]threonine is an N-(adenosin-N(6)-ylcarbonyl)threonine in which the threonine portion has L-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a N-(adenosin-N(6)-ylcarbonyl)threonine and a L-threonine derivative. It derives from an adenosine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-[(9-beta-D-ribofuranosylpurin-6-yl)carbamoyl]threonate. 
Selenohomocysteine, also known as se-selenocysteine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). Selenohomocysteine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Selenohomocysteine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Selenohomocysteine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, L-Serine and selenohomocysteine can be converted into selenocystathionine; which is mediated by the enzyme cystathionine beta-synthase. Furthermore, Selenohomocysteine and adenosine can be biosynthesized from se-adenosylselenohomocysteine; which is mediated by the enzyme adenosylhomocysteinase. Furthermore, Selenohomocysteine and 5-methyltetrahydropteroyltri-L-glutamate can be converted into selenomethionine and tetrahydropteroyltri-L-glutamate; which is mediated by the enzyme N5-methyltetrahydropteroyltriglutamate-homocysteine methyltransferase. Finally, Selenohomocysteine and pyruvic acid can be biosynthesized from selenocystathionine through the action of the enzyme cystathionine beta-lyase. In humans, selenohomocysteine is involved in the selenoamino acid metabolism pathway. Outside of the human body, selenohomocysteine can be found in a number of food items such as black raspberry, globe artichoke, oil-seed camellia, and longan. This makes selenohomocysteine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an orally available selective inhibitor of the delta form of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3-kinase subunit delta; PI3K-delta; PI3Kdelta), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it selectively binds to the ATP-binding pocket of PI3K-delta and prevents the activation of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. This decreases proliferation of and induces cell death in PI3K-delta over-expressing tumor cells. PI3K-delta also plays a key role in the B-cell receptor (BCR) signaling pathway and the proliferation of certain hematologic cancer cells. The targeted inhibition of PI3K-delta is designed to preserve PI3K signaling in normal, non-neoplastic cells, thereby minimizing serious side effects. 
it is a carbamate ester, a member of 1-benzofurans and an ethyl ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide and an agrochemical. 
3-(3, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-(3, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
NSC 23766 is an aminopyrimidine that is 6-methylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine in which the amino groups at positions 2 and 4 are substituted by 5-(diethylamino)pentan-2-yl and 4-amino-2-methylquinolin-6-yl groups respectively. An inhibitor of the signalling G-protein known as RAC1 (Ras-related C3 botulinum toxin substrate 1). It has a role as an EC 3.6.5.2 (small monomeric GTPase) inhibitor, an antiviral agent, a muscarinic antagonist and an apoptosis inducer. It is an aminoquinoline, an aminopyrimidine, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
Noradrenaline is a catecholamine in which C-1 of the aminoethyl side-chain is hydroxy-substituted. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. Norepinephrine, DL- is a synthetic phenylethylamine that mimics the sympathomimetic actions of the endogenous norepinephrine. Norepinephrine acts directly on the alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors. Clinically, norepinephrine is used as a peripheral vasoconstrictor that causes constriction of arterial and venous beds via its alpha-adrenergic action. It is also used as a potent inotropic and chronotropic stimulator of the heart mediated through its beta-1 adrenergic action. 
2-O-acetyl-1-O-hexadecyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a 2-acetyl-1-alkyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine betaine which has hexadecyl as the alkyl group. PAF is a potent phospholipid activator and mediator of many leukocyte functions, including platelet aggregation, inflammation, and anaphylaxis. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent, a bronchoconstrictor agent, a hematologic agent and a vasodilator agent. 
it is a member of the class of indole-3-acetic acids that is indole-3-acetic acid in which the indole ring is substituted at positions 1, 2 and 5 by p-chlorobenzoyl, methyl, and methoxy groups, respectively. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it is used in the treatment of musculoskeletal and joint disorders including osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, gout, bursitis and tendinitis. It has a role as an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an analgesic, a gout suppressant, a drug metabolite, a xenobiotic metabolite, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a N-acylindole, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether and a member of indole-3-acetic acids. it is a synthetic nonsteroidal indole derivative with anti-inflammatory activity and chemopreventive properties. As a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it inhibits the enzyme cyclooxygenase, thereby preventing cyclooxygenase-mediated DNA adduct formation by heterocyclic aromatic amines. This agent also may inhibit the expression of multidrug-resistant protein type 1, resulting in increased efficacies of some antineoplastic agents in treating multi-drug resistant tumors. In addition, it activates phosphatases that inhibit the migration and proliferation of cancer cells and downregulates survivin, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis. (NCI04) 
N-benzyloxycarbonyl-L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucinal is a tripeptide that is L-leucyl-L-leucyl-L-leucine in which the C-terminal carboxy group has been reduced to the corresponding aldehyde and the N-terminal amino group is protected as its benzyloxycarbonyl derivative. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor. It is a tripeptide, an amino aldehyde and a carbamate ester. 
Isovitexin 8-C-beta-glucoside is a C-glycosyl compound that is isovitexin in which the hydrogen at position 8 is replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a C-glycosyl compound. It derives from an isovitexin. 
it is an organic chloride salt in which the cationic component is 1,3-dimethyl-2-[(2-oxopropyl)thio]imidazolium. It has a role as an EC 2.3.2.13 (protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitor. It contains a 1,3-dimethyl-2-[(2-oxopropyl)thio]imidazolium. 
it appears as a clear colorless to light yellow liquid with a pungent odor. Freezing point 11-12Â°C. Irritates skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is pyrazine-2-carboxamide which is substituted by {3-methoxy-4-[4-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)piperidin-1-yl]phenyl}nitrilo, (oxan-4-yl)nitrilo and ethyl groups at positions 3,5 and 6, respectively. It is a potent inhibitor of FLT3 and AXL tyrosine kinase receptors (IC50 = 0.29 nM and 0.73 nM, respectively). Approved by the FDA for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia in patients who have a FLT3 gene mutation. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-methylpiperazine, a member of piperidines, a secondary amino compound, a monomethoxybenzene, a member of pyrazines, a primary carboxamide, an aromatic amine and a member of oxanes. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) FMS-related tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3, STK1, or FLK2), AXL (UFO or JTK11) and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK or CD246), with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits both the wild-type and mutated forms of FLT3, AXL and ALK. This may result in an inhibition of FLT3, AXL, and ALK-mediated signal transduction pathways and reduces tumor cell proliferation in cancer cell types that overexpress these RTKs. FLT3, AXL and ALK, overexpressed or mutated in a variety of cancer cell types, play a key role in tumor cell growth and survival. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. May emit acrid fumes and irritating smoke when burned. Used to make plastics. it is the butyrate ester of pentan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a pentan-1-ol. 
it is a member of the class of tryptamines that is melatonin with a hydroxy group substituent at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of acetamides and a member of tryptamines. It derives from a melatonin. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of salicylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a salicylic acid. 
it is a clear colorless liquid with a slight amine odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of formamides having a N-methyl substituent. It derives from a formamide. it is a water-soluble organic solvent. As an adjuvant antineoplastic agent, it depletes cellular glutathione, a key molecule involved in the antioxidation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and other free radicals, thereby enhancing ionizing radiation-induced DNA cross-linking in and terminal differentiation of tumor cells. (NCI04) 
it is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid that is 6-methyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydro[1,3]dioxolo[4,5-g]isoquinoline which is substituted at the 5-pro-S position by a (6R)-8-oxo-6,8-dihydrofuro[3,4-e][1,3]benzodioxol-6-yl group. A light-sensitive competitive antagonist of GABAA receptors. It was originally identified in 1932 in plant alkaloid extracts and has been isolated from Dicentra cucullaria, Adlumia fungosa, Fumariaceae, and several Corydalis species. It has a role as an agrochemical, a central nervous system stimulant, a GABA-gated chloride channel antagonist, a neurotoxin and a GABAA receptor antagonist. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines and a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 2-oxopentanoic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a carbamimidamido group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-guanidino-2-oxopentanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Artificial, single or multilaminar vesicles (made from lecithins or other lipids) that are used for the delivery of a variety of biological molecules or molecular complexes to cells, for example, drug delivery and gene transfer. They are also used to study membranes and membrane proteins. 
, also known as it or fema 2811, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a coconut, fruity, and oily taste. 
it is a 3-sulfolactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-3-sulfonatolactate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-3-sulfolactic acid. 
Kava kava is an herbal derived from roots of the plant Piper methysticum, which has been used for centuries as a recreational and ceremonial drink in Oceania and more recently in concentrated forms in herbal medications to treat anxiety and insomnia. Products labeled as kava have been linked to the development of clinically apparent acute liver injury which can be severe and even fatal. 
it is a p-menthane monoterpenoid that consists of cyclohex-2-enone having methyl and isopropenyl substituents at positions 2 and 5, respectively. It has a role as an allergen. It is a member of its and a botanical anti-fungal agent. Spearmint Oil is the essential oil extracted from the flowering tops of Mentha spicata. Spearmint oil is used for its aromatic properties and for treatment of illnesses of the digestive and respiratory systems. 
it is a phenanthrol that is phenanthrene in which a hydrogen attached to a carbon in the central ring has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a TRPM4 channel inhibitor. It derives from a hydride of a phenanthrene. 
it is a copolymer macromolecule composed of homopolymeric blocks of 1->4-linked homopolymeric blocks of 1->4-linked sodium beta-D-mannuronate and sodium alpha-L-guluronate residues, covalently linked together in different sequences or blocks. The sodium salt of alginic acid. It has a role as a hematologic agent. It is an organic sodium salt and a copolymer macromolecule. It contains an alginate. Sodium Alginate is the sodium salt form of alginic acid and gum mainly extracted from the cell walls of brown algae, with chelating activity. Upon oral administration, sodium alginate binds to and blocks the intestinal absorption of various radioactive isotopes, such as radium Ra 226 (Ra-226) and strontium Sr 90 (Sr-90). 
it appears as a liquid. Flash point 140Â°F. Slightly less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make plastics and rubber. Butanal oxime is an aliphatic aldoxime resulting from the formal condensation of the carbonyl group of n-butanal with hydroxylamine. 
it is a nine-carbon straight-chain 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a nonanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxononanoate. 
4'-Methoxybenzophenone-2-carboxylic acid, also known as (4-methoxybenzoyl)benzoic acid or O-(p-anisoyl)-benzoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzophenones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone attached to two phenyl groups. 4'-Methoxybenzophenone-2-carboxylic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 4'-methoxybenzophenone-2-carboxylic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is coumarin substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7, a methoxy group at position 5, a prenyl group at position 6 and a 2,4-dihydroxyphenyl group at position 3. Isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis, it exhibits antispasmodic activity. It has a role as an antispasmodic drug and a plant metabolite. It is a member of coumarins, an aromatic ether and a member of resorcinols. 
it appears as colorless or light-yellow solid. mp: 58-59Â° C, bp: 337Â°C. Density: 1.16 g/cm3. Insoluble in water. Usually shipped as a solid mixture with its isomers m-terphenyl and p-terphenyl that is used as a heat-transfer fluid. 
it is the furanose form of it. It derives from a D-tagatofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a C20-gibberellin obtained by selective reduction of the 10beta-carboxy group of gibberellin A14. It is a C20-gibberellin and a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a gibberellin A14. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of imidothioates that is the S-4-chlorobenzyl thioester of N-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)ethanimidothioic acid. Used to control a range of fungal diseases affecting fruit, vegetables, turf and ornamentals. It has a low mammalian toxicity and shows a moderate level of toxicity to fish, daphnia and earthworms but is relatively non-toxic to honey bees, birds and algae. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of triazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an imidothioate, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is a synthetic polypeptide analogue of somatostatin that resembles the native hormone in its ability to suppress levels and activity of growth hormone, insulin, glucagon and many other gastrointestinal peptides. Because its half-life is longer than somatostatin, it can be used clinically to treat neuroendocrine tumors that secrete excessive amounts of growth hormone (acromegaly) or other active hormones or neuropeptides. it has many side effects including suppression of gall bladder contractility and bile production, and maintenance therapy may cause cholelithiasis and pancreatitis as well accompanying liver injury. it is a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. it binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, it has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or Autogel formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. 
The compound is given by intravenous injection to do POSITRON-EMISSION TOMOGRAPHY for the assessment of cerebral and myocardial glucose metabolism in various physiological or pathological states including stroke and myocardial ischemia. It is also employed for the detection of malignant tumors including those of the brain, liver, and thyroid gland. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1162) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa) it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm it has a caramel and nutty taste. 
it is an alpha-glutamyl phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a D-alpha-glutamyl phosphate. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, diethyl butanedioate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a mild, apple, and apricot taste. 
it is a colorless to off-white crystalline solid. Odor threshold 1 ppm. Taste threshold 0.001 mg/L. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of phenols that phenol substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a m-xylene. 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a phenylacetate. It is a conjugate base of a (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid. 
it is an androstanoid that is androst-5-ene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3 and an oxo group at position 17. It is a naturally occurring steroid hormone produced by the adrenal glands. It has a role as an androgen, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, an androstanoid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. it is a synthetic form of it with potential chemopreventive activity. Produced endogenously, it (it) is an intermediate in the conversion of cholesterol to androgens and estrogens. Although the mechanisms of action of exogenously administered it have not been fully illuminated, they may result in both direct and indirect physiologic effects. Direct effects include GABA-a receptor complex and NMDA receptor modulation, and enhanced pancreatic beta cell insulin secretion and antiglucocorticoid activities. (NCI04) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Nonsmall Cell Lung Cancer, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, and Locally Advanced or Metastatic Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. it is an orally available small molecule, irreversible inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits mutant forms of EGFR, including T790M, thereby leading to cell death of resistant tumor cells. Compared to other EGFR inhibitors, it inhibits T790M, a secondary acquired resistance mutation, as well as other mutant EGFRs and may have therapeutic benefits in tumors with T790M-mediated resistance to other EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. This agent shows minimal activity against wild-type EGFR, hence does not cause certain dose-limiting toxicities. 
it is a bile acid glycine conjugate having cholic acid as the bile acid component. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a cholic acid and a glycochenodeoxycholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glycocholate. 
Erythrohydrobupropion belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. Erythrohydrobupropion is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, erythrohydrobupropion is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the L-enantiomer of ornithinium(2+). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-ornithinium(1+). 
Phosphoribosyl-AMP, also known as 5-phosphoribosyl-amp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine ribonucleoside monophosphates. These are nucleotides consisting of a purine base linked to a ribose to which one monophosphate group is attached. Phosphoribosyl-AMP is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Phosphoribosyl-AMP exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Phosphoribosyl-AMP participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Phosphoribosyl-AMP can be converted into phosphoribosylformiminoaicar-phosphate through the action of the enzyme histidine biosynthesis trifunctional protein. In addition, Phosphoribosyl-AMP can be biosynthesized from 1-(5-phosphoribosyl)-ATP; which is catalyzed by the enzyme histidine biosynthesis trifunctional protein. 
it is an anthocyanidin cation consisting of benzopyrylium with hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 7, a methoxy group at position 5 and a 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 2 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is an unbranched seventeen-carbon alkene with one double bond between C-1 and C-2. It is produced by the Carrion beetles. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a pheromone. 
it, also known as azt glucuronide or gazt, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleosides. Pyrimidine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleosides are compounds consisting of a pyrimidine linked to a ribose which lacks a hydroxyl group at positions 2 and 3. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 3'-azido-3'-deoxy-5'- O-beta-D-glucopyranuronosylthymidine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it metal fume is a reddish-gray to black dust-like powder. mp: 1966Â° C, bp: 3727Â°C. Insoluble in water. Bulk rhodium is a white or blueish-white, hard, ductile, malleable metal.   The appearance and other properties of insoluble it compounds varies depending upon the specific compound. it atom is a cobalt group element atom of atomic number 45. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 45, and atomic weight 102.905. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of propionic acid with one of the phenol groups of resorcinol. It is a carboxylic ester and a member of phenols. It derives from a resorcinol and a propionic acid. 
it appears as clear, yellowish to reddish or brown liquid with an amine (fishy) odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a substituted aniline that is aniline in which the hydrogen ortho to the amino group has been replaced by a methoxy group. It is used as a chemical intermediate in the synthesis of azo pigments and dyes. It has a role as a reagent and a genotoxin. It is a monomethoxybenzene, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. 
N-hexadecanoylglycine is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It has a role as a marine metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a fatty amide and a N-acylglycine 16:0. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-hexadecanoylglycinate. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-homoserine in which the hydroxy group at position 4 is substituted by an aminooxy group. It has been isolated from legumes and plays an essential role in lugume chemical defense against insects. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite and a phytogenic insecticide. It derives from a L-homoserine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a hexahydroxyanthraquinone that is 1,3,4,5,7,8-hexahydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone carrying two additional sulfo groups at positions 2 and 6. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'alizarin cyanin BBS'. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an organosulfonic acid and a hexahydroxyanthraquinone. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,3,4,5,7,8-hexahydroxy-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthracene-2,6-disulfonate. 
it appears as yellow needles or yellow powder. Converts to anhydrous form at 203-207Â°F. Alcoholic solutions taste very bitter. (NTP, 1992) it is a pentahydroxyflavone having the five hydroxy groups placed at the 3-, 3'-, 4'-, 5- and 7-positions. It is one of the most abundant flavonoids in edible vegetables, fruit and wine. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antioxidant, a protein kinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.10.99.2 [ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, a plant metabolite, a phytoestrogen, a radical scavenger, a chelator and an Aurora kinase inhibitor. It is a pentahydroxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. It is a conjugate acid of a it-7-olate. it is a polyphenolic flavonoid with potential chemopreventive activity. it, ubiquitous in plant food sources and a major bioflavonoid in the human diet, may produce antiproliferative effects resulting from the modulation of either EGFR or estrogen-receptor mediated signal transduction pathways. Although the mechanism of action of action is not fully known, the following effects have been described with this agent in vitro: decreased expression of mutant p53 protein and p21-ras oncogene, induction of cell cycle arrest at the G1 phase and inhibition of heat shock protein synthesis. This compound also demonstrates synergy and reversal of the multidrug resistance phenotype, when combined with chemotherapeutic drugs, in vitro. it also produces anti-inflammatory and anti-allergy effects mediated through the inhibition of the lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase pathways, thereby preventing the production of pro-inflammatory mediators. 
it is a colorless liquid with a delicate floral odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a farnesane sesquiterpenoid that is dodeca-2,6,10-triene substituted by methyl groups at positions 3, 7 and 11 and a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fungal metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a farnesane sesquiterpenoid, a primary alcohol and a polyprenol. 
1-methyl-2-[(2-methylbenzyl)oxy]-4-(propan-2-yl)-7-oxabicyclo[2.2.1]heptane is an oxabicycloalkane that is 1-methyl-4-(propan-2-yl)-7-oxabicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-2-ol in which the hydroxy group is substituted by a (2-methylphenyl)methoxy group. It is an oxabicycloalkane, an ether and a cineole. 
it, with more than 22% available chlorine appears as a white-colored crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. May accelerate the burning of combustible materials. Prolonged exposure to heat or flames may result in an explosion. 
it is a alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is nicotinic acid which has been hydrogenated at the 1-2 and 5-6 positions of the pyridine ring. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a GABA reuptake inhibitor. It is a beta-amino acid, a tetrahydropyridine, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, a pyridine alkaloid and a secondary amino compound. 
it is the sulfate salt form of Vindesine. Vindesine binds to and stabilizes tubulin, thereby interrupting tubulin polymerization and preventing the formation of the mitotic spindle and cell division; treated cells are unable to undergo mitosis and are arrested in metaphase. This agent also disrupts macromolecular synthesis. (NCI) 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is isobutyric acid bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 2. It is a metabolite of methyl tertiary-butyl ether. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an isobutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyisobutyrate. 
Guanosine 5'-(trihydrogen diphosphate), monoanhydride with phosphorothioic acid. A stable GTP analog which enjoys a variety of physiological actions such as stimulation of guanine nucleotide-binding proteins, phosphoinositide hydrolysis, cyclic AMP accumulation, and activation of specific proto-oncogenes. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thia fatty acids. These are fatty acid derivatives obtained by insertion of a sulfur atom at specific positions in the chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is an olefinic compound that octan-2-ol carrying a double bond at position 7. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
1-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-isopropylaminoethanol is a member of the class of monochlorobenzenes that is chlorobenzene which is substituted by a 1-hydroxy-2-[(propan-2-yl)amino]ethyl group at position 2. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of ethanolamines and a secondary amino compound. 
5-Isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one, also known as 5-(1-methylethyl)-bicyclo(3. 1. 0)hexan-2-one or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. 5-Isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5-isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes 5-isopropylbicyclo[3. 1. 0]hexan-2-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as a-ethylbenzyl butyrate or fema 2424, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an apricot, floral, and fruity taste. 
it is a synthetic dihydroxyflavone that is 5,7-dihydroxyflavone which is substituted by a 3-hydroxy-1-methylpiperidin-4-yl group at position 8 and by a chlorine at the 2' position (the (-)-3S,4R stereoisomer). A cyclin-dependent kinase 9 (CDK9) inhibitor, it has been studied for the treatment of acute myeloid leukaemia, arthritis and atherosclerotic plaque formation. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor, an antirheumatic drug and an apoptosis inducer. It is a dihydroxyflavone, a hydroxypiperidine, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of an alvocidib(1+). it is the free base form of a synthetic N-methylpiperidinyl chlorophenyl flavone compound. As an inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinase, alvocidib induces cell cycle arrest by preventing phosphorylation of cyclin-dependent kinases (CDKs) and by down-regulating cyclin D1 and D3 expression, resulting in G1 cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. This agent is also a competitive inhibitor of adenosine triphosphate activity. 
Trichlopyr is a monocarboxylic acid that is (pyridin-2-yloxy)acetic acid substituted by chloro groups at positions 3, 5 and 6. It is an agrochemical used as a herbicide. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, a chloropyridine and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a dihydroxy-1,3,5-triazine consisting of ammelide bearing an N-isopropyl substituent. It is a dihydroxy-1,3,5-triazine and a monoamino-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from an ammelide. 
it is a L-histidine derivative that is N-methyl-L-histidine substituted at positions N3 and C5 on the imidazole ring by methyl and mercapto groups respectively. It has a role as a marine metabolite, a radical scavenger and an antioxidant. It is an aryl thiol and a L-histidine derivative. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a dimeric naphthopyran with formula C32H30O12, isolated from several Aspergillus species. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a biaryl, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a cyclic hemiketal, an aromatic ketone, a cyclic ketone and a naphtho-gamma-pyrone. 
Chloropropionic acid appears as a colorless to white colored crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it appears as a water-white liquid with a mild odor. Flash point 250Â°F. Slightly soluble in water. Considered a marine pollutant by DOT. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. As a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater or streams. Mildly irritating to both the eyes and skin. it is a fatty alcohol that is undecane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it is a red-yellow gas. Very reactive and unstable. Unusually stored as hydrate in frozen form. Used as a wood bleach, biocide and swimming pool treatment. 
it is a benzothiadiazine that is 1H-2,1,3-benzothiadiazin-4(3H)-one 2,2-dioxide substituted by an isopropyl group at position 3. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. 
it (salt) appears as an antibacterial. White to light gray or pale buff powder with faint amine-like odor. it is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt. It derives from a streptomycin. Streptomycin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of streptomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces griseus with antibacterial property. it binds to the S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide elongation and protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Denser than water. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
Doxycycline Calcium is the calcium salt form of doxycycline exhibiting antimicrobial activity. Doxycycline blocks binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. (NCI) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is oxoacetic acid substituted by a phenyl(propan-2-yl)amino group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the herbicide propachlor. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of a semisynthetic, orally active pivalate ester of ampicillin with antibacterial activity. Upon absorption, pivampicillin is hydrolyzed into its active form ampicillin by esterases. Ampicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it is a keto-disaccharide that is beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucose in which the hydroxy group at position 3 of the galactosyl moiety has been oxidised to the corresponding ketone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthines. These are purine derivatives with a ketone group conjugated at carbons 2 and 6 of the purine moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a butyrate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of butyric acid with the hydroxy group of 2-naphthol. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a member of naphthalenes, a butyrate ester and an aromatic ester. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
A specific complex of toxic proteins from the venom of Crotalus durissus terrificus (South American rattlesnake). It can be separated into a phospholipase A and crotapotin fragment; the latter consists of three different amino acid chains, potentiates the enzyme, and is specifically neurotoxic. 
An anti-nematodal agent effective against the intestinal nematodes ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES (roundworm) and ENTEROBIUS VERMICULARIS (pinworm, threadworm). It produces a neuromuscular block leading to flaccid muscle paralysis in susceptible worms, which are then dislodged from the gut and expelled in feces. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of anhydrous tenovir. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It contains a tenofovir (anhydrous). 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is benzaldehyde substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 6, a prenyl group at position 5 and a a hept-5-en-1-yl at position 2. Isolated from Chaetomium globosum and other fungal species, it exhibits radical scavenging activities. It has a role as a radical scavenger, a fungal metabolite and a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of hydroquinones. 
it is a member of the class of benzoxazine that is 6-hydroxy-1,4-benzoxazin-3-one in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a (1R)-1-hydroxy-2-{[1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-methylpropan-2-yl]amino}ethyl group. Used (as its hydrochloride salt) for long-term treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and a bronchodilator agent. It is a benzoxazine, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is a yellow liquid. Corrosive to tin and mild steel. Used as an insecticide. it is an organic thiophosphate that is O,O-dimethyl O-pyrimidin-4-yl phosphorothioate substituted by a methyl group at position 6 and a diethylamino group at position 2. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an insecticide and an environmental contaminant. It is an organic thiophosphate and an aminopyrimidine. It derives from a 2-diethylamino-6-methylpyrimidin-4(1H)-one. 
it is an alkaloid sulfate salt and a hydrate. It contains a morphine. Morphine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of morphine, an opiate alkaloid isolated from the plant Papaver somniferum and produced synthetically. Morphine binds to and activates specific opiate receptors (delta, mu and kappa), each of which are involved in controlling different brain functions. In the central nervous and gastrointestinal systems, this agent has widespread effects including analgesia, anxiolysis, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, and gastrointestinal system smooth muscle contraction. 
it is a member of the class of tetralins that is tetralin in which oxo groups replace the hydrogens at positions 1, 2, 3, and 4. It is a member of tetralins and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a 14-membered macrolide which is isolated from Streptomyces sp.MK929-43F1 and inhibits cell migration of human esophageal cancer EC17 cells and mouse melanona B16 cells. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an ether, a secondary alcohol, a member of piperidones and a macrolide antibiotic. 
6-O-Phosphonato-D-glucono-1, 5-lactone(2-), also known as 6-PGDL or 6-phosphonoglucono-delta-lactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hexose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a hexose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. 6-O-Phosphonato-D-glucono-1, 5-lactone(2-) is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it has been used in trials studying the supportive care and treatment of Chemotherapy-induced Neutropenia. Mosedipimod is a synthetic version of a monoacetyldiacylglyceride naturally occurring in various seed oils, bovine udder and milk fat, antlers of sika deer, with potential antineoplastic activity. Although the exact mechanism of action through which it exerts its pharmacological effect has yet to be fully identified, upon administration, mosedipimod stimulates calcium influx into T-lymphocytes and increases the production of various cytokines, including interleukin (IL) -2, IL-4, IL-12, interferon-gamma (IFN-g), and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF). This stimulates the proliferation of hematopoietic stem cells, bone marrow stromal cells and immune cells, including T- and B-lymphocytes, dendritic cells (DCs) and macrophages. Therefore, EC18 may stimulate the immune system to target cancer cells. In addition, it enhances the cytolytic activity of natural killer (NK) cells and suppresses the expression of the transmembrane protein tumor cell toll-like receptor 4 (TLR-4) on cancer cells. As activation of TLR-4 enhances immunosuppression and stimulates cancer cell growth, blocking TLR-4 expression suppresses tumor cell proliferation. 
it is an aminoquinoline that is 1,3-di(piperazin-1-yl)propane in which the nitrogen at position 4 of each of the piperazine moieties is replaced by a 7-chloroquinolin-4-yl group. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is a N-arylpiperazine, an organochlorine compound and an aminoquinoline. 
it is a L-proline derivative that is L-proline substituted at position 5 by a carboxymethyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a L-proline derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of indole-3-acetic acids in which the hydrogen at position 5 of indole-3-acetic acid has been replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite, a human urinary metabolite, an antibacterial agent, a marine xenobiotic metabolite, a carcinogenic agent and a rat metabolite. It is a member of indole-3-acetic acids and an aromatic ether. 
it is the carbamic acid ester of 2-methylcholine. A slowly hydrolysed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects, it is used as its chloride salt to increase smooth muscle tone, as in the gastrointestinal tract following abdominal surgery, treatment of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease, and as an alternative to catheterisation in the treatment of non-obstructive urinary retention. It has a role as a muscarinic agonist. It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a carbamate ester. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the ADAM (A Disintegrin And Metalloprotease) family of multifunctional membrane-bound proteins with potential antineoplastic activity. it represses the metalloproteinase sheddase activities of ADAM10 and ADAM17, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. The metalloproteinase domains of ADAMs cleave cell surface proteins at extracellular sites proximal to the cell membrane, releasing or shedding soluble protein etcodomains from the cell surface; the disintegrin domains of these multifunctional proteins interact with various components of the extracellular matrix (ECM). ADAM10 processes particular epithelial growth factor receptor (EGFR) ligands and appears to regulate Notch signaling through the cleavage of Notch and its related ligand delta-like ligand-1 (Dll-1). ADAM17 (also known as Tumor necrosis factor-Converting Enzyme or TACE) is involved in processing tumor necrosis factor (TNF) from its membrane bound precursor to its soluble circulating form and in processing ligands for the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) family. 
it is a white solid dissolved in a liquid carrier. It is a water emulsifiable liquid. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. The primary hazard of this material is that it poses a threat to the environment. In case of release immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil to contaminate groundwater. It is used as a fungicide. it is a dicarboximide that is 3a,4,7,7a-tetrahydrophthalimide in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a trichloromethyl group. A non-systemic fungicide introduced in the 1950s, it is widely used for the control of fungal diseases in fruits, vegetables, and ornamental crops. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of isoindoles, an organochlorine compound, an organosulfur compound and a phthalimide fungicide. 
it is a triglyceride formed by esterification of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol with oleic acid. it is one of the two components of Lorenzo's oil. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a homocysteic acid with D-configuration. It has a role as a metabotropic glutamate receptor agonist. It is an enantiomer of a L-homocysteic acid. 
it is a carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-valine with (1R)-1-(6-fluoro-1,3-benzothiazol-2-yl)ethylamine and replacement of one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-amino group by a carboxy group. It is the active form of the fungicide it isopropyl (in which the carbamic acid group has been converted to the corresponding isopropyl ester). It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organofluorine compound, a member of benzothiazoles, a carboxamide, a valine derivative, a valinamide fungicide and a benzothiazole fungicide. 
it is a member of the class of carotenone that is echinenone carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 3'. Found in cyanobacteria. It has a role as a cofactor, a bacterial metabolite and a biological pigment. It is a carotenone, an enone and a secondary alcohol. It derives from an echinenone. 
it is an orally bioavailable small molecule inhibitor with potential adjuvant activity. it covalently binds to apurinic/apyrimidinic (AP) DNA damage sites and inhibits base excision repair (BER), which may result in an increase in DNA strand breaks and apoptosis. This agent may potentiate the anti-tumor activity of alkylating agents. 
it is an acyl-CoA resulting from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of 4-acetamidobutanoic acid. It derives from a butyryl-CoA. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a 2-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxyphenoxy)propyl carbamate that has R configuration. Both (R)- and (S)-methocarbamol have muscle relaxant properties, with the (R)-enantiomer being more active than the (S)-enantiomer. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-methocarbamol. 
it is a colorless to yellow liquid with a pungent odor. Material will burn though it may require some effort to ignite. It is decomposed by moisture or water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it has been investigated for the prevention of HIV-1 Infections and Topical Penile Exposures. it is a diarylpyrimidine non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. it has activity against wild-type virus strains and strains harboring different NNRTI resistance-inducing mutations and may have direct virucidal activity. 
it appears as a colorless gas or liquid. Derived by the dimerization of acetylene. Used in the synthesis of neoprene and for other organic syntheses. it is an acyclic acetylene, an acyclic olefin, an enyne and a terminal acetylenic compound. 
it is an acetate ester that is uracil in which the three hydroxy hydrogens are replaced by acetate group. A prodrug for uridine, it is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria and for management of fluorouracil toxicity. It has a role as a prodrug, a neuroprotective agent and an orphan drug. It is a member of uridines and an acetate ester. it is a synthetic uridine pro-drug that is converted to uridine in vivo. Uridine, a pyrimidine nucleotide, has been used in a variety of diseases including depressive disorders and inherited myopathies. (NCI04) 
it appears as odorless white or almost white crystalline powder. pH (aqueous solution) about 5.5. Bitter numbing taste. (NTP, 1992) 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point 60Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Inhalation of high concentrations may have a narcotic effect. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an oxoalkyl phosphate, a hydroxyalkyl phosphate and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
An esterified form of TRIAMCINOLONE. It is an anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. Intralesional, intramuscular, and intra-articular injections are also administered under certain conditions. 
Acid fuchsin is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 2-amino-5-[(4-amino-3-sulfophenyl)(4-imino-3-sulfocyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene)methyl]-3-methylbenzene-1-sulfonic acid. It is used in the Van Gieson method in conjunction with picric acid to demonstrate collagen fibres red, and in Masson's trichrome to colour smooth muscle in contrast to collagen. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains an acid fuchsin(2-). 
it is a member of the class of isoquinolinonaphthyridines that is 5,6-dihydroisoquinolino[2,1-b][2,7]naphthyridin-8-one bearing additional hydroxy, methoxy and vinyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 12 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an isoquinolinonaphthyridine, a benzopyridoquinolizidine derivative, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, an olefinic compound and an isoquinoline alkaloid. 
it, also known as palmitic acid, iso octyl ester or 6-methylheptyl palmitate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as macrolides and analogues. These are organic compounds containing a lactone ring of at least twelve members. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 12-methyl-13-tridecanolide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 12-methyl-13-tridecanolide can be found in fats and oils, green vegetables, and herbs and spices. This makes 12-methyl-13-tridecanolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an N-[2-hydroxy-5-(1-hydroxy-2-{[1-(4-methoxyphenyl)propan-2-yl]amino}ethyl)phenyl]formamide in which both of the stereocentres have R configuration. The active enantiomer of it, it is administered by inhalation (generally as the tartrate salt) as a direct-acting sympathomimetic and bronchodilator for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (any progressive respiratory disease that makes it harder to breathe over time, such as chronic bronchitis and emphysema). It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, an anti-asthmatic drug and a beta-adrenergic agonist. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (S,S)-it. Formoterol Fumarate is the fumarate salt form of it, a long-acting and selective sympathomimetic beta-receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. Formoterol fumarate binds beta 2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle and stimulates intracellular adenyl cyclase, thereby increasing the production of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, improve mucociliary clearance and reduce mediator substance release in inflammatory cells, especially from mast cells. (NCI05) it is a long-acting beta-2 adrenergic agonist and isomer of it with bronchodilator activity. it selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar smooth muscle, thereby causing stimulation of adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased intracellular cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and lead to a reduced release of inflammatory mediators from mast cells. This may eventually lead to an improvement of airway function. it Tartrate is the tartrate salt of it, the (R,R)-enantiomer of it and a long-acting beta-2 adrenergic agonist with bronchodilator activity. it selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar smooth muscle, thereby causing stimulation of adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased intracellular cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and lead to an inhibition of release of inflammatory mediators from mast cells. This may eventually lead to an improvement of airway function. Formoterol is a long-acting beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. Formoterol selectively binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, thereby activating intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, improve mucociliary clearance and reduce mediator substance release from inflammatory cells, especially from mast cells. 
1, 1-Diethoxypentane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. 1, 1-Diethoxypentane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 1-diethoxypentane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1, 1-diethoxypentane can be found in fruits. This makes 1, 1-diethoxypentane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Hispidol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aurone flavonoids. These are flavonoids containing a 2-Benzylidene-1-benzofuran-3-one based core. Aurone flavonoids provide the bright yellow color of some important ornamental flowers, such as snapdragon (Antirrhinum majus). Thus, hispidol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Hispidol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it appears as a nonflammable gas. Heavier than air. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air in confined spaces. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a pyrazolopyridine that is 5-fluoro-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-b]pyridine in which the amino hydrogen at position 1 has been substituted by a 2-fluorobenzyl group and the hydrogen at position 3 has been substituted by a 4,6-diamino-5-[(methoxycarbonyl)amino]pyrimidin-2-yl group. It is a soluble guanylate cyclase stimulator, used for treatment of chronic heart failure. It has a role as a soluble guanylate cyclase activator, a vasodilator agent and an antihypertensive agent. It is an aminopyrimidine, a pyrazolopyridine, a carbamate ester and an organofluorine compound. 
Ethane-1, 1-dithiol, also known as 1, 1-it or bisedt, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. Ethane-1, 1-dithiol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ethane-1, 1-dithiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Ethane-1, 1-dithiol has a meaty and roasted taste. 
it, also known as fema 3680, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a green, nutty, and pistachio tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products and green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1-methyl-7H-xanthine is a it tautomer where the imidazole proton is located at the 7-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 7H-xanthine. 
it is a member of the class of its that is it B in which position 4 of the diamino-L-idopyranosyl moiety has been converted into its alpha-D-mannopyranoside. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a paromomycin and a it B. 
it is a steroid glucosiduronic acid that consists of 17beta-estradiol having a beta-glucuronyl residue attached at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid and a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. It is a conjugate acid of a 17beta-estradiol 3-O-(beta-D-glucuronide)(1-). 
it appears as a liquid with an odor of radishes. Less dense than water. May be toxic by ingestion, skin absorption, and inhalation, and may irritate skin and eyes. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a bisdioxopiperazines analog with antineoplastic activity. Mitinomide inhibits topoisomerase II and slowly promotes DNA-interstrand cross-linking, thereby inhibiting DNA repair, RNA and protein synthesis. This agent acts without increasing topoisomerase II-DNA covalent cleavable complex formation, as do most topoisomerase inhibitors. (NCI04) 
it is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of oleic acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an acaricide. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a dipeptide consisting of a modified L-proline residue attached to glycine via a peptide linkage. It is a dipeptide, a member of benzodioxoles and a N-acylglycine. It contains a glycino group. 
it is a member of the class of ptercoarpans that is cis-pterocarpan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3 and a methylenedioxy group across positions 8 and 9. It is a member of pterocarpans and a member of phenols. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a cyclohexenecarboxylic acid that is cyclohex-1-ene-1-carboxylic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 4 and 5 (the 3R,4S,5R stereoisomer). It is an intermediate metabolite in plants and microorganisms. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a cyclohexenecarboxylic acid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a shikimate. 
it is an oligopeptide antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces distallicus. Distamycin preferentially binds to adenine-thymine (A-T) rich sequences in the minor groove of DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and RNA transcription. In addition to antitumor effects, itlso possesses antiviral and antiprotozoal activities and is used as a chromosome dye. (NCI04) 
Isepamicin is a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic structurally related to gentamicin and amikacin. Isepamicin has activity similar to amikacin but with better activity against bacterial strains with resistance to other aminoglycosides, such as strains producing 6'-N-aminoglycoside acetyltransferase. Isepamicin is not metabolized and is excreted via the kidneys. This agent exerts a long postantibiotic effect allowing for once daily dosing. 
An anti-nematodal agent effective against the intestinal nematodes ASCARIS LUMBRICOIDES (roundworm) and ENTEROBIUS VERMICULARIS (pinworm, threadworm). It produces a neuromuscular block leading to flaccid muscle paralysis in susceptible worms, which are then dislodged from the gut and expelled in feces. 
it is an analogue of the hormone vasopressin with antidiuretic and antihemorrhagic properties. it has selective affinity for the V2 receptor and acts on the distal kidney tubule by increasing the cellular permeability thereby stimulating water reabsorption. This antidiuretic agent is used in the treatment of central diabetes insipidus. An unrelated action of desmopressin acetate is to increases circulating factor VIII and is used in patients with haemophilia and von Willebrand's disease. 
it is a hydrochloride. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It contains a mitoxantrone. it is the hydrochloride salt of an anthracenedione antibiotic with antineoplastic activity. Mitoxantrone intercalates into and crosslinks DNA, thereby disrupting DNA and RNA replication. This agent also binds to topoisomerase II, resulting in DNA strand breaks and inhibition of DNA repair. Mitoxantrone is less cardiotoxic compared to doxorubicin. 
it, also known as fema 3251, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a chip, corn, and fatty tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as cereals and cereal products, nuts, kohlrabi, and cocoa and cocoa products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an N-acylserotonin resulting from the formal condensation of the primary amino group of serotonin with the carboxy group of acetic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, an antioxidant and a tropomyosin-related kinase B receptor agonist. It is a member of acetamides, a member of phenols and a N-acylserotonin. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Noncombustible but accelerates burning of combustible materials. May explode if large quantities are involved in a fire or the combustible material is finely divided. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires. Used in pyrotechnics, in medicine, and to make other chemicals. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid trianion that is the conjugate base of 3-oxalomalic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 3-oxalomalic acid. 
it is a homoflavonoid that is isochromeno[4,3-b]chromen-7(5H)-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 4, 8 and 10. Isolated from Ophioglossum petiolatum, it exhibits anti-HBV activity. It has a role as an anti-HBV agent and a plant metabolite. It is a polyphenol, a hydroxy homoflavonoid and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid in which the hydrogen ortho to the carboxylic acid group is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-methylsalicylate. 
it is a member of the class of benzochromenones that is benzo[g]chromen-4-one carrying two additional hydroxy substituents at positions 5 and 6 as well as methyl and methoxy substituents at positions 2 and 8 respectively. An orange polyketide pigment that is a common intermediate in many different fungal biosynthetic pathways. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a biological pigment and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is a benzochromenone, a polyketide, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a sesquiterpene that is 1,2,4a,5,6,8a-hexahydronaphthalene which is substituted at position 1 by an isopropyl group and at positions 4 and 7 by methyl groups (the 1S,4aS,8aR-diastereoisomer). It is a sesquiterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is a synthetic Î±2 adrenoceptor antagonistused to reverse the sedative and analgesic effects of dexmedetomidine and medetomidine in dogs. It has also been undergone research as a potential anti-Parkinsonian drug for humans. 
it is the D-enantiomer of thyroxine. It is a thyroxine and a D-tyrosine derivative. It is an enantiomer of a L-thyroxine. it is the dextrorotary isomer of thyroxine, a thyroid hormone with antihyperlipidemic activity. it stimulates the formation of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and increases the catabolism of LDL thereby leading to increased excretion of cholesterol and bile acids via the biliary route. This results in a reduction in serum cholesterol and LDL. 
Caspofungin is an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. Caspofungin inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
it appears as a colorless odorless gas at atmospheric temperatures and pressures. Relatively nontoxic and noncombustible. Heavier than air and may asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Soluble in water. Forms carbonic acid, a mild acid. Under prolonged exposure to heat or fire the container may rupture violently and rocket. Used to freeze food, to control chemical reactions, and as a fire extinguishing agent. it is a one-carbon compound with formula CO2 in which the carbon is attached to each oxygen atom by a double bond. A colourless, odourless gas under normal conditions, it is produced during respiration by all animals, fungi and microorganisms that depend directly or indirectly on living or decaying plants for food. It has a role as a solvent, a vasodilator agent, an anaesthetic, an antagonist, a member of greenhouse gas, a human metabolite, a member of food packaging gas, a food propellant, a refrigerant, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a one-carbon compound, a gas molecular entity and a carbon oxide. it is a colorless, odorless, incombustible gas resulting from the oxidation of carbon. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a nitrosamine that has butyl and 4-carboxybutyl substituents. It is the principal metabolite of the bladder carcinogen N-butyl-N-(4-hydroxybutyl)nitrosamine (BHBN-4). It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a nitrosamine and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a N-butyl-N-(4-hydroxybutyl)nitrosamine. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is abieta-8,12-diene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 12 and oxo groups at positions 11 and 14 (the 7alpha stereoisomer). It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a secondary alcohol, a hydroxyquinone and a member of p-quinones. 
it is an orally bioavailable, small molecule, non-polyglutamatable, antifolate quinazoline derivative thymidine synthetase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it is transported into the cell via the physiological reduced folate carrier (RFC) system. Intracellularly, this agent selectively binds to the folate binding site of thymidylate synthase and inhibits thymidine synthesis, which may result in DNA synthesis inhibition and apoptosis. 
D-glucose, 2-deoxy-2-[[(methylnitrosoamino)-carbonyl]amino]- is an off-white powder. Melting point 115Â°C. Used as an anti-cancer drug. Carcinogenic. it is an N-nitrosourea that is an antibiotic produced by Streptomyces achromogenes. It is used as an antineoplastic agent and to induce diabetes in experimental animals. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a N-acylglucosamine and a member of N-nitrosoureas. 
A lipid cofactor that is required for normal blood clotting. Several forms of vitamin K have been identified: VITAMIN K 1 (phytomenadione) derived from plants, VITAMIN K 2 (menaquinone) from bacteria, and synthetic naphthoquinone provitamins, VITAMIN K 3 (menadione). Vitamin K 3 provitamins, after being alkylated in vivo, exhibit the antifibrinolytic activity of vitamin K. Green leafy vegetables, liver, cheese, butter, and egg yolk are good sources of vitamin K. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyl alcohols. These are organic compounds containing the phenylmethanol substructure. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a hydroxyimidazole that is 5-hydroxyimidazole in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a carboxymethyl group. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-hydroxyimidazole-4-acetate. 
Nebularine, also known as N-D-it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleosides. Purine nucleosides are compounds comprising a purine base attached to a ribosyl or deoxyribosyl moiety. Nebularine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, nebularine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, nebularine can be found in mushrooms. This makes nebularine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as odorless colorless to light yellow solid or liquid. Floats on water. Freezing point is 97Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is a member of the class of phenols carrying two tert-butyl substituents at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a member of phenols and an alkylbenzene. 
it is a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a chlorinated steroid, a steroid ester and an acetate ester. It has a role as an androgen antagonist and a progestin. It derives from a cyproterone. it is the acetate salt of a synthetic steroidal antiandrogen with weak progestational and antineoplastic activities. Cyproterone binds the androgen receptor (AR), thereby preventing androgen-induced receptor activation in target tissues and inhibiting the growth of testosterone-sensitive tumor cells. This agent also exerts progestational agonist properties at the level of the pituitary that reduce luteinizing hormone (LH), resulting in reductions in testicular androgen secretion and serum testosterone levels. Treatment with cyproterone alone results in incomplete suppression of serum testosterone levels. 
it is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 24-hydroxy steroid, a 26-hydroxy steroid and a 27-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it, also known as iaoarborinol or Î±-fernenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Alphit is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alphit can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes Alphit a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as a-methylcinnamate or Î±-methylcinnamic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamic acids. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a benzene and a carboxylic acid group forming 3-phenylprop-2-enoic acid it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a chiral diamino acid consisting of hexanoic acid having amino substituents at the 3- and 5-positions and (S,S)-configuration. It is a beta-amino acid and a diamino acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a (3S,5S)-3,5-diammoniohexanoate. It is a conjugate acid of a (3S,5S)-3,5-diaminohexanoate. 
it is a 3-oxoacyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of acetoacetic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a butyryl-CoA and an acetoacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is the acetate ester of 12-methyl-5-dehydrohorminone. Isolated from the roots of Salvia multicaulis, it exhibits antitubercular activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is an abietane diterpenoid, an enol ether, an acetate ester and a member of p-quinones. It derives from a 12-methyl-5-dehydrohorminone. 
it is an iminium salt composed of 4-{(4-anilinonaphthalen-1-yl)[4-(dimethylamino)phenyl]methylidene}-N,N-dimethylcyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-iminium and chloride ions in a 1:1 ratio. It binds to nucleic acids and can be used in standardised staining techniques suitable for automated cell-pattern recognition. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an iminium salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains a it B(1+). 
A carbapenem derivative antibacterial agent that is more stable to renal dehydropeptidase I than IMIPENEM, but does not need to be given with an enzyme inhibitor such as CILASTATIN. It is used in the treatment of infections such as HOSPITAL-ACQUIRED PNEUMONIA, and complicated intra-abdominal or urinary-tract infections, including PYELONEPHRITIS. 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-(cyclopropylmethoxy)-4-(difluoromethoxy)benzoic acid with the amino group of 3,5-dichloropyridin-4-amine. Used for treatment of bronchial asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor and an anti-asthmatic drug. It is a member of benzamides, a chloropyridine, an aromatic ether, an organofluorine compound and a member of cyclopropanes. it is an orally available, long-acting inhibitor of phosphodiesterase (PDE) type 4 (PDE4), with anti-inflammatory and potential antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it and its active metabolite it N-oxide selectively and competitively bind to and inhibit PDE4, which leads to an increase of both intracellular levels of cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and cAMP-mediated signaling. cAMP prevents phosphorylation of spleen tyrosine kinase (SYK) and abrogates activation of the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway, which may result in the induction of apoptosis. PDE4, a member of the PDE superfamily that hydrolyses cAMP and 3',5'-cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) to their inactive 5' monophosphates, is upregulated in a variety of cancers and may contribute to chemoresistance; it also plays a key role in inflammation, especially in inflammatory airway diseases. 
it is a member of the class of pyrimidopyridazines that is 6H-pyrimido[1,6-b]pyridazin-6-one substituted at positions 2 and 5 by (2,4-difluorophenyl)sulfanyl and 2,6-dichlorophenyl groups respectively It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory drug and an apoptosis inducer. It is a pyrimidopyridazine, a difluorobenzene, a dichlorobenzene and an aryl sulfide. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is 3-oxochola-4,6-dien-24-oic acid carrying an additional hydroxy group at the 12alpha-position. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a chola-4,6-dien-24-oic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 12alpha-hydroxy-3-oxochola-4,6-dien-24-oate. 
it is a colorless liquid with a mild pleasant odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a monoterpene that is toluene substituted by an isopropyl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a volatile oil component and a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of toluenes and a monoterpene. 
it is a dimethoxyflavone that is myricetin in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3' and 5' have been replaced by methoxy groups. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone, a dimethoxyflavone, a 7-hydroxyflavonol, a member of 3'-methoxyflavones and a 3',5'-dimethoxyflavone. It derives from a myricetin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the six diphosphate OH groups of guanosine 3',5'-bis(diphosphate); major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a guanosine 3',5'-bis(diphosphate) and a guanosine 3',5'-bis(diphosphate)(5-). 
it, also known as 5-keto stearate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, it can be found in milk and milk products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Vulgarin, also known as tauremisin or barrelin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmanolides, secoeudesmanolides, and derivatives. These are terpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmanolide (a 3, 5a, 9-trimethyl-naphtho[1, 2-b]furan-2-one derivative) or secoeudesmanolide (a 3, 6-dimethyl-5-(pentan-2-yl)-1-benzofuran-2-one derivative) skeleton. Vulgarin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, vulgarin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, vulgarin can be found in mugwort. This makes vulgarin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the 1-[(isopropoxycarbonyl)oxy]ethyl (proxetil) ester prodrug of cefpodoxime. After swallowing, hydrolysis of the ester group occurs in the intestinal epithelium, to release active cefpodoxime in the bloodstream. It is used to treat acute otitis media, pharyngitis, and sinusitis. It has a role as a prodrug and an antibacterial drug. It is a carboxylic ester, a cephalosporin and a carboxylic acid. It derives from a cefpodoxime and a 4-{((R)-2-Carboxy-3-methoxymethyl-8-oxo-5-thia-1-aza-bicyclo[4.2.0]oct-2-en-7-ylcarbamoyl)-[(Z)-methoxyimino]-methyl}-thiazol-2-yl-ammonium. Cefpodoxime Proxetil is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefpodoxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefpodoxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it is a leukotriene that is the (5S,6S)-epoxy derivative of (7E,9E,11Z,14Z)-icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a leukotriene, an oxylipin, an epoxy fatty acid, a polyunsaturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from an icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a bile acid anion that is the conjugate base of cholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid anion and a cholanic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a cholic acid. 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil with methyl group substituents at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pyrimidone and a methylthymine. It derives from a uracil. 
it appears as odorless yellow or brownish-yellow to orange powder. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992)  It is a sulfa drug used as an antibiotic. it is an azobenzene consisting of diphenyldiazene having a carboxy substituent at the 4-position, a hydroxy substituent at the 3-position and a 2-pyridylaminosulphonyl substituent at the 4'-position. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antiinfective agent, a gastrointestinal drug, an EC 2.5.1.18 (glutathione transferase) inhibitor and a drug allergen. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyridines and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a synthetic salicylic acid derivative with affinity for connective tissues containing elastin and formulated as a prodrug, antiinflammatory it acts locally in the intestine through its active metabolites, sulfamide 5-aminosalicylic acid and salicylic acid, by a mechanism that is not clear. It appears inhibit cyclooxygenase and prostaglandin production and is used in the management of inflammatory bowel diseases. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of oxidized luciferins that is obtained via formal hydroperoxidation at position 2 of Oplophorus luciferin. It has a role as a member of oxidized luciferins and a marine metabolite. It is an imidazopyrazine, a polyphenol and a peroxol. It derives from an Oplophorus luciferin. 
it is a member of the class of 6-aminopurinnes that is adenine in which one of the exocyclic amino hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a mutagen and a teratogenic agent. It is a member of 6-aminopurines, a nucleobase analogue and a member of hydroxylamines. It derives from an adenine. 
2-Propenyl hexanoate, also known as it or allocopen, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 2-Propenyl hexanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2-Propenyl hexanoate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl hexanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 2-Propenyl hexanoate is a sweet, arrack, and cognac tasting compound that can be found in fruits, mushrooms, and potato. This makes 2-propenyl hexanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of acridines. It derives from an acridone. it is a small molecule that can increase progesterone receptor (PR) expression, with potential antineoplastic adjuvant activity. Upon intramuscular administration, it is able to induce the expression of PR in endometrial cancer. This could increase the sensitivity of endometrial cancer cells to progestin monotherapy. In combination with a progestin, cancer cells could be eradicated through increased PR-mediated signaling, leading to an inhibition of luteinizing hormone (LH) release from the pituitary gland, via a negative feedback mechanism, and, eventually, an inhibition of estrogen release from the ovaries. This leads to an inhibition of cellular growth in estrogen-dependent tumor cells. In addition, this agent is able to increase the production and release of interferon (IFN) alpha and beta. PR is often downregulated in endometrial cancer and makes it resistant to progestin-mediated hormone therapy. 
Streptothricin is an N-glycosyl compound consisting of 2-amino-4-O-carbamoyl-2-deoxy-N-[(3aS,7R,7aS)-7-hydroxy-4-oxooctahydro-2H-imidazo[4,5-c]pyridin-2-ylidene]-beta-D-gulopyranosylamine in which the amino group at position 2 of the gulopyranosyl moiety is acylated by a peptide unit made up of between 1 and 7 N(epsilon)-linked units of beta-lysine. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-glycosyl compound, a carbamate ester, a member of guanidines, a lactam and a carboxamide. 
it is a synthetic muramyl dipeptide (MDP) analogue with potential immunostimulating and antineoplastic activity. As a derivative of the mycobacterial cell wall component MDP, it activates both monocytes and macrophages. This results in the secretion of cytokines and induces the recruitment and activation of other immune cells, which may result in indirect tumoricidal or cytostatic effects. 
Anhydrous it is a colorless microcrystalline solid. it is also obtained as a white crystalline tetrahydrate, ZrSO4.4H2O. Both forms are soluble in water and noncombustible. It is corrosive to aluminum. It is used in chemical analysis, as an additive for lubricants, and for many other uses. 
Prelu-2 is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. it is a phenylalkylamine sympathomimetic amine with appetite depressant property. it is a prodrug that is hydrolyzed to the active metabolite phenitzine, which competes with norepinephrine and dopamine for their presynaptic transporters, thereby blocks the reuptake of these monoamines at the neuronal junctions. As a result, this prolongs activities of dopamine and norepinephrine and leads to central nervous system (CNS) stimulation and metabolic effects, including appetite-suppression, decreased gastric acid secretion and increased blood pressure. 
it is the disulfide resulting from oxidative coupling of the thiol groups of two molecules of mycothiol. It derives from a mycothiol. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of hydroxy(diphenyl)acetic acid with the hydroxy group of (1S,3R,5R)-3-hydroxy-8lambda(5)-azaspiro[bicyclo[3.2.1]octane-8,1'-pyrrolidin]-8-ylium. Its chloride salt is used to treat overactive bladder. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is a carboxylic ester, an azabicycloalkane, a tertiary alcohol and a quaternary ammonium ion. 
This is a chemical weapon, chemical weapon precursor, or chemical weapon impurity which is similar to ethyl phosphorodichloridate. See the chemical datasheet for ethyl phosphorodichloridate for more information. 
it is a 3beta-sterol that is 5alpha-androstane which contains a double bond between positions 7 and 8, in which the hydrogens at the 3beta, 5alpha and 6beta positions are substituted by hydroxy groups, and in which the hydrogen at the 17beta position is substituted by a (2S,3E,6xi)-6,7-dimethyloct-3-en-2-yl group. The polyhydroxylated C29 sterol was isolated from an endophytic fungus, Chaetomium globosum ZY-22; the stereochemistry at position 25 was not determined. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a 5alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-sterol. 
it is a beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with tocolytic activity. it binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors of myometrial smooth muscle in the uterus, thereby activates adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels leads to a reduction in intracellular calcium concentration, thereby causes smooth muscle relaxation and decreases the intensity of uterine contractions. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is tryptophan in which the hydrogen at position 5 on the indole ring is replaced by a bromo group. It is a bromoindole, a bromoamino acid, a tryptophan derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside in which a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue is attached at position 4 of 4-hydroxybenzyl 3,4-dihydroxybenzoate via a glycosidic linkage. It is isolated from the trunk barks of Amburana cearensis and exhibits antimalarial, neuroprotective, hepatoprotective and antioxidant activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimalarial, a neuroprotective agent, a hepatoprotective agent and an antioxidant. It is a member of catechols, a beta-D-glucoside and a benzoate ester. 
it is a D-alpha-amino acid compound having methylselanylmethyl as the side-chain. It is a Se-it and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a Se-methyl-D-selenocysteinium. It is a conjugate acid of a Se-methyl-D-selenocysteinate. It is an enantiomer of a Se-methyl-L-selenocysteine. 
it, also known as alpha-methyl-benzenebutanal or 4-phenyl-2-methylbutanal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-4-phenylbutyraldehyde is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the aryl amino group of 4-(N'-phenyl)piperidin-4-amine with propanoic acid. A major metabolite of fentanyl. It has a role as an opioid analgesic and a drug metabolite. It is an anilide, a member of piperidines and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a neurotoxin with potential analgesic activity. it binds to the pores of fast voltage-gated fast sodium channels in nerve cell membranes, inhibiting nerve action potentials and blocking nerve transmission. Although found in various species of fish (such as the pufferfish), newts, frogs, flatworms, and crabs, tetrodotoxin, for which there is no known antidote, is actually produced by bacteria such as Vibrio alginolyticus, Pseudoalteromonas tetraodonis, and other vibrio and pseudomonas bacterial species. 
it is a clear colorless to amber liquid with a sweet aromatic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a diketone that is hexane substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 5. It is a toxic metabolite of hexane and of 2-hexanone It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a neurotoxin. It is a diketone and a methyl ketone. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it, also known as it or pyrazine, 3-ethoxy-2-methyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl aryl ethers. These are organic compounds containing the alkyl aryl ether functional group with the generic formula R-O-R' , where R is an alkyl group and R' is an aryl group. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an earthy, hazelnut, and pineapple taste. 
it is a lactose phosphate in which a single monophosphate substituent is placed at position 6 on the galactose ring of lactose. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a lactose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an aza-steroid that is 5beta-cholestane in which the carbon at position 25 is replaced by a nitrogen. It inhibits sitosterol-to-cholesterol conversion in Caenorhabditis elegans. It has a role as an EC 1.3.1.72 (Delta(24)-sterol reductase) inhibitor. It is an aza-steroid and a tertiary amine. 
it is a cephalosporin bearing methyl and (2R)-2-amino-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetamido groups at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is the anhydrous form of it, a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
(e)-2-Octene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbons. These are aliphatic Hydrocarbons that contains one or more unsaturated carbon atoms. These compounds contain one or more double or triple bonds (e)-2-Octene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule (e)-2-Octene has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. Outside of the human body, (e)-2-octene can be found in mango. This makes (e)-2-octene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an ethyl 2-{4-[(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoate that has R configuration. A proherbicide for quizalofop-P, it is used to control annual and perennial grass weeds in a variety of crops, including potatoes, sugar beet, peanuts, cotton and flax. It has a role as a proherbicide and an agrochemical. It is an ethyl 2-{4-[(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoate and a quinoxaline herbicide. It derives from a quizalofop-P. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-quizalofop-ethyl. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is urea in which the two hydrogens on one of the amino groups are replaced by nitroso and 2-chloroethyl groups and one hydrogen from the other amino group is replaced by a 4-methylcyclohexyl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a carcinogenic agent and an alkylating agent. It is an organochlorine compound and a member of N-nitrosoureas. it is a methylated derivative of carmustine with antineoplastic activity. As an alkylating agent, it forms covalent linkages with nucleophilic centers in DNA, causing depurination, base-pair miscoding, strand scission, and DNA-DNA cross-linking, which may result in cytotoxicity. (NCI04) 
it, also known as fema 3397 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, apple, and cheesy taste. 
it appears as a water-white to light amber colored liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Used to make plastics and resins. it is a p-menthadiene with double bonds at positions 1 and 4(8). It has a role as a sedative, an insect repellent, a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a triterpene consisting of hopane having a C=C double bond at the 22(29)-position. It derives from a hydride of a hopane. 
it is an organic sodium salt having lactate as the counterion. It has a role as a food preservative and a food acidity regulator. It is an organic sodium salt and a lactate salt. It contains a lactate. it is a sodium salt of racemic or inactive lactic acid with alkalinizing and electrolyte replenishing property. Upon metabolism, it is converted to bicarbonate, thereby increasing plasma bicarbonate, which facilitates removal of hydrogen ion and lactate from blood stream and leads to raised blood pH. 
5-amino-1-[2,6-dichloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-4-[(trifluoromethyl)sulfinyl]-1H-pyrazole-3-carbonitrile is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole that is substituted at positions 1, 3, 4, and 5 by 2,6-dichloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl, cyano, (trifluoromethyl)sulfinyl, and amino groups, respectively. It is a nitrile, a dichlorobenzene, a primary amino compound, a member of pyrazoles, a sulfoxide and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it is a crystalline solid. Decomposes at 120Â°C. Contact may cause slight irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be slightly toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
Tauro-beta-muricholic acid is a bile acid taurine conjugate derived from beta-muricholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a bile acid taurine conjugate, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6beta-hydroxy steroid and a 7beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a beta-muricholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tauro-beta-muricholate. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. it is a synthetic cannabinoid and dibenzopyrane derivative with anti-emetic activity. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated yet, it has been suggested that it is a highly selective and strong agonist for the cannabinoid receptors CB1 and CB2, both of which are coupled to Gi/o proteins. The CB1 receptors are expressed predominantly in central and peripheral neurons and receptor stimulation has been implicated in the reduction of chemotherapy-induced nausea. 
it is a novel biphenyl carbamate tertiary amine agent that belongs to the family of the long-acting muscarinic antagonists (LABA). The labile primary amide in the structure produces a \ 
it is a substituted aniline that is benzene-1,2,4-triamine bearing ethoxycarbonyl and 4-fluorobenzyl substituents at positions N-1 and N-4 respectively. An anticonvulsant used to treat seizures associated with epilepsy in adults. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a potassium channel modulator. It is a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound, a substituted aniline and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a benzene-1,2,4-triamine. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid consisting of 2-naphthylacetic acid having a methoxy substituent at the 6-position. The active metabolite of the prodrug nabumetone. It has a role as an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, a drug metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a methoxynaphthalene. It derives from a 2-naphthylacetic acid. 
S-Allylcysteine, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cysteine and derivatives. Cysteine and derivatives are compounds containing cysteine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of cysteine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. S-Allylcysteine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-allylcysteine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. S-Allylcysteine is a cooked and roasted tasting compound that can be found in garden onion, onion-family vegetables, and soft-necked garlic. This makes S-allylcysteine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A sulfuric acid dimer, formed by disulfide linkage. This compound has been used to prolong coagulation time and as an antidote in cyanide poisoning. 
it is an N(5)-acyl-L-ornithine in which the the acyl group is specified as acetyl. It is a N(5)-acyl-L-ornithine, an acetyl-L-ornithine and a N(5)-acetylornithine. 
it is an enamine that is ethene which is substituted at positions 1, 1, and 2 by o-pentoxyphenyl, 1H-imidazol-1-yl, and methylthio groups, respectively (the E isomer). An inhibitor of P450-dependent C-14alpha-demethylation of lanosterol (preventing conversion to ergosterol and inhibiting cell wall synthesis in fungi), it is used in Japan (generally as the corresponding hydrochloride salt) as an antifungal drug for the treatment of superficial skin infections. It has a role as an antifungal drug and an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a methyl sulfide, a member of imidazoles, an enamine, a member of benzenes, a conazole antifungal drug and an imidazole antifungal drug. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
L-Arginine, also known as L-arg, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. L-Arginine is a drug which is used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance. L-Arginine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). L-Arginine has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in most biofluids, including feces, cerebrospinal fluid, urine, and saliva. Within the cell, L-arginine is primarily located in the cytoplasm, mitochondria and myelin sheath. L-Arginine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. L-Arginine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Glycine and L-arginine can be converted into guanidoacetic acid and orotidylic acid through its interaction with the enzyme glycine amidinotransferase, mitochondrial. Furthermore, Fumaric acid and L-arginine can be biosynthesized from argininosuccinic acid; which is mediated by the enzyme argininosuccinate lyase. Furthermore, L-Arginine can be converted into ornithine and urea through its interaction with the enzyme arginase-1. Finally, Fumaric acid and L-arginine can be biosynthesized from argininosuccinic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme argininosuccinate lyase. In humans, L-arginine is involved in the aspartate metabolism pathway, the arginine and proline metabolism pathway, the transcription/translation pathway, and the glycine and serine metabolism pathway. L-Arginine is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the hypoacetylaspartia pathway, dimethylglycine dehydrogenase deficiency, the hyperglycinemia, non-ketotic pathway, and the prolinemia type II pathway. Outside of the human body, L-arginine can be found in a number of food items such as avocado, black-eyed pea, squashberry, and chinese water chestnut. This makes L-arginine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. L-Arginine is a potentially toxic compound. L-Arginine has been found to be associated with several diseases known as heart failure, myopathy, lactic acidosis, and sideroblastic anemia 1, and hyperlysinuria; l-arginine has also been linked to several inborn metabolic disorders including propionic acidemia and cystinuria. 
An anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic of the phenylalkynoic acid series. It has been shown to reduce bone resorption in periodontal disease by inhibiting CARBONIC ANHYDRASE. 
it is the novel camptothecin derivative which is also known as it. It has been developed for superior oral bioavailability and increased lactone stability. It is used to treat cancer. it is a synthetic silicon-containing agent related to camptothecin with antineoplastic properties. it stabilizes the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA, resulting in DNA breaks and consequently triggering apoptosis. Because it is lipophilic, cositecan exhibits enhanced tissue penetration and bio-availability compared to water-soluble camptothecins. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate and diphosphate OH groups of it; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a hydrogen acceptor and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is an imidazobenzodiazepine that is 4H-imidazo[1,5-a][1,4]benzodiazepine which is substituted by a methyl, 2-fluorophenyl and chloro groups at positions 1, 6 and 8, respectively. It has a role as a GABAA receptor agonist, an anticonvulsant, an anxiolytic drug, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, a muscle relaxant, a sedative, a general anaesthetic and a central nervous system depressant. It is an organochlorine compound, an imidazobenzodiazepine and a member of monofluorobenzenes. it is a short-acting benzodiazepine derivative with an imidazole structure and with anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant and sedative properties. it exerts its effect by binding to the benzodiazepine receptor at the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor-chloride ionophore complex in the central nervous system (CNS). This leads to an increase in the opening of chloride channels, membrane hyperpolarization and increases the inhibitory effect of GABA in the CNS. it may also interfere with the reuptake of GABA, thereby causing accumulation of GABA in the synaptic cleft. 
it appears as a white solid with a faint soapy odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Melting point 49Â°C. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Strong skin irritant. Used as bleaching agent, drying agent for fats, oils and waxes, and as a polymerization catalyst. 
it is a colorless to yellow watery liquid with a weak odor of bananas. Floats on water. Produces irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a Histamine-2 Receptor Antagonist. The mechanism of action of it is as a Histamine H2 Receptor Antagonist. it is a propanimidamide and histamine H2-receptor antagonist with antacid activity. As a competitive inhibitor of histamine H2-receptors located on the basolateral membrane of the parietal cell, it reduces basal and nocturnal gastric acid secretion, resulting in a reduction in gastric volume, acidity, and amount of gastric acid released in response to various stimuli. 
it is an L-asparagine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-asparagine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an amino acid amide, a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide and a L-asparagine derivative. 
it is a member of the class of benzodioxoles that is 1,3-benzodioxole substituted by a 2-(methylamino)propyl group at position 5. It has a role as a neurotoxin. It is a member of amphetamines and a member of benzodioxoles. it is a ring-substituted amphetamine derivative, structurally related to the hallucinogen mescaline, with entactogenic, neurotoxic, and motor-stimulatory activities. it (it) produces an acute, rapid enhancement in both the release of serotonin from and the inhibition of serotonin reuptake by serotonergic nerve endings in the brain. Once within the cell, it depletes stores of tryptophan hydroxylase (TPH) via acute oxidative inactivation; in turn, depleted stores of TPH leave cell terminals open to damage from oxidative stress, possibly a source of it neurotoxicity. This agent also induces norepinephrine, dopamine, and acetylcholine release and can act directly on a number of receptors, including alpha 2-adrenergic and 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) 2A receptors. it may suppress the dyskinesia associated with long-term use of L-dopamine (L-DOPA) without affecting the efficacy of L-DOPA treatment. 
2, 3, 4-Trimethyldecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 3, 4-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 3, 4-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 3, 4-trimethyldecane can be found in tea. This makes 2, 3, 4-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the phenylhydrazone 4,4'-dihydroxybenzophenone-2,4-dinitrophenylhydrazone formulated as a topical agent with immunomodulating and potential antineoplastic activities. Applied topically as a gel, it may stimulate a local immune response against human papillomavirus (HPV)-induced cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). 
it is the monophosphate ester obtained by condensation of phosphoric acid with the primary hydroxy group of pyridoxal. It has a role as a coenzyme, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a mouse metabolite, an EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor and a cofactor. It is a vitamin B6 phosphate, a member of methylpyridines, a monohydroxypyridine and a pyridinecarbaldehyde. It derives from a pyridoxal. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is the active form of vitamin B6 and a coenzyme for many it (PLP)-dependent enzymes. PLP is involved in numerous enzymatic transamination, decarboxylation and deamination reactions; it is necessary for the synthesis of amino acids and amino acid metabolites, and for the synthesis and/or catabolism of certain neurotransmitters, including the conversion of glutamate into gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and levodopa into dopamine. PLP can be used as a dietary supplement in cases of vitamin B6 deficiency. Reduced levels of PLP in the brain can cause neurological dysfunction. 
it is a 4-(diethylamino)but-2-yn-1-ol yhat has S configuration. In contrast to the (R)- enantiomer, esoxybutynin exhibits essentially no anticholinergic activity. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, a local anaesthetic and a calcium channel blocker. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-oxybutynin. 
it is a berberine alkaloid consisting of columbamine having four extra hydrogens at positions 5, 8, 13 and 13a and (S)-configuration. It is a berberine alkaloid and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It derives from a columbamine. 
it is a hydroxamic acid ester that is benzhydroxamic acid (N-hydroxybenzamide) in which the hydroxamic acid group has been converted to the corresponding 2,3-dihydroxypropyl ester and in which the benzene ring has been substituted at position 2 by a (2-fluoro-4-iodophenyl)amino group and at positions 3 and 4 by fluorines (the R enantiomer). It has a role as an EC 2.7.12.2 (mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a hydroxamic acid ester, a secondary amino compound, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organoiodine compound, a member of propane-1,2-diols and a difluorobenzene. MEK Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailable, synthetic organic molecule targeting mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MAPK/ERK kinase or MEK) with potential antineoplastic activity. MEK inhibitor PD325901, a derivative of MEK inhibitor CI-1040, selectively binds to and inhibits MEK, which may result in the inhibition of the phosphorylation and activation of MAPK/ERK and the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. The dual specific threonine/tyrosine kinase MEK is a key component of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway that is frequently activated in human tumors. 
3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propenal, also known as it or 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)acrylaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamaldehydes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a cinnamlaldehyde moiety, consisting of a benzene and an aldehyde group to form 3-phenylprop-2-enal. 3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propenal exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-propenal is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propenal is a sweet, cherry, and cinnamon tasting compound that can be found in potato, star anise, sweet basil, and tarragon. This makes 3-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-propenal a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a pentenedioic acid that is pent-2-ene substituted by carboxy groups at positions 1 and 5. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a glutaconate(1-). 
Pyocyanine is an iminium betaine that is 5-methylphenazin-5-ium which is substituted at position 1 by an oxidanidyl group. An antibiotic pigment produced by Pseudomonas aeruginosa. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a biological pigment, a bacterial metabolite and a virulence factor. It is a member of phenazines and an iminium betaine. It is a conjugate base of a pyocyanine(1+). 
4-Methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane, also known as it or fema 2130, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 4-Methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane is a sweet, bitter, and naphthalic tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes 4-methyl-2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a compound composed of a central piperidine structure with hydroxy and p-chlorophenyl substituents at position 4 and an N-linked p-fluorobutyrophenone moiety. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, a first generation antipsychotic, a dopaminergic antagonist, an antidyskinesia agent and an antiemetic. It is a hydroxypiperidine, an organofluorine compound, an aromatic ketone, a tertiary alcohol and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a phenylbutylpiperadine derivative with antipsychotic, neuroleptic, and antiemetic activities. it competitively blocks postsynaptic dopamine (D2) receptors in the mesolimbic system of the brain, thereby eliminating dopamine neurotransmission and leading to antidelusionary and antihallucinagenic effects. Antagonistic activity mediated through D2 dopamine receptors in the chemoreceptive trigger zone (CTZ) accounts for its antiemetic activity. 
Butylated Hydroxyanisole is a white, waxy solid mixture of 2- and 3-Tert-butyl-4-hydroxyanisole with a faint aromatic odor. Butylated Hydroxyanisole is a widely used synthetic antioxidant in foods, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals mainly to preserve fats and oils. Butylated Hydroxyanisole is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a nucleoside 3',5'-cyclic phosphate that is cAMP in which the nitrogen atom at position 7 on the purine fragment is replaced by a methine (C-H) group. It is a N-glycosylpyrrolopyrimidine, a ribonucleotide and a nucleoside 3',5'-cyclic phosphate. It derives from a tubercidin. 
Thiethylperazine Maleate is the maleate salt form of triethylperazine, a piperazine phenothiazine derivative and a dopamine antagonist used as antiemetic. Thiethylperazine blocks postsynaptic dopamine 2 (D2) receptors in the medullary chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ), thereby decreasing stimulation of the vomiting center in the brain. Peripherally, thiethylperazine blocks the vagus nerve in the gastrointestinal tract. In addition, this agent also shows antagonistic activities mediated through muscarinic receptors, H1-receptors, and alpha(1)-receptors. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine compound having decanoyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is an O-acylcarnitine and a decanoate ester. 
it is a methoxyisoflavan that is (R)-isoflavan substituted by a methoxy group at position 4' and hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 2' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. It derives from a hydride of a (R)-isoflavan. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the tetrasodium salt of cangrelor. Used as an intravenous antiplatelet drug that prevents formation of harmful blood clots in the coronary arteries. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist. It contains a cangrelor(4-). 
it is diphenyl ether in which the hydrogens at the 2, 3, and 2' positions are substituted by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a member of catechols and a member of phenols. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
3', 5'-Dihydroxyacetophenone, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 3', 5'-Dihydroxyacetophenone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3', 5'-dihydroxyacetophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a bisphenol (methylenediphenol) having hydroxy functions at C-3, C-4 and C-4', and gem-dimethyl groups on the methylene bridge. It derives from a bisphenol A. 
it, also known as 3-methylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthines. These are purine derivatives with a ketone group conjugated at carbons 2 and 6 of the purine moiety. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 165Â°F. Less dense than water and soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a branched, long-chain saturated fatty acid composed of pentadecanoic acid having methyl substituents at the 2-, 6-, 10- and 14-positions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a pristanate. 
it is a glycophytoceramide having a 4-O-propyl-alpha-D-galactosyl residue at the O-1 position and a hexacosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. One of a series of an extensive set of 4\ 
it is a white colored solid. It is soluble in water. It is toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. It is used to make perfumes and dyes. 
it is an oxysterol and a 25-hydroxy steroid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-lysine with the amino group of D-aspartic acid. It is a constituent of bacterial peptidoglycan type A4alpha. It derives from a D-aspartic acid and a L-lysine. 
Sodium arsenate is an inorganic sodium salt composed from sodium cations and arsenate anions in a 3:1 ratio. It has a role as a poison, a nephrotoxin and a hepatic steatosis inducing agent. It contains an arsenate(3-). 
it is a phenol substituted at position 4 by a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug, an antioxidant, a cardiovascular drug, a protective agent and a fungal metabolite. It derives from a 2-phenylethanol. 
N-(indole-3-acetyl)phenylalanine is an indoleacetic acid amide conjugate obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of indole-3-acetic acid with the amino group of phenylalanine. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an indoleacetic acid amide conjugate and a phenylalanine derivative. It derives from an indole-3-acetic acid. 
Isoleucyl-glycine, also known as it or ile-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Isoleucyl-glycine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Isoleucyl-glycine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a triazolopyrimidine that consists of 1,4-dihydro-7H-[1,2,3]triazolo[4,5-d]pyrimidine bearing an oxo substituent at position 7. It has a role as an antimalarial and an EC 2.4.2.8 (hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a nucleobase analogue and a member of triazolopyrimidines. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an allo-bile acid that is 5alpha-cholan-24-oic acid bearing three alpha-hydroxy substituents at position 3, 7 and 12. It has a role as a marine metabolite, a rat metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a C24-steroid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid and an allo-bile acid. It is a conjugate acid of an allocholate. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 5H-benzo[a]phenoxazin-5-one substituted at position 9 by a diethylamino group. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, an aromatic amine and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of articaine, an amide-type local anesthetic. it reversibly blocks nerve impulse conduction by binding to specific membrane sodium ion channels thereby interfering with the electrical excitation in the nerve, slowing the propagation of the nerve impulse and reducing the rate of rise of the action potential. This results in a loss of sensation at the injection site. it is used for relief of pain in minor operations, usually in combination with the vasoconstrictor epinephrine. 
it is a cardiolipin derivative in which all four of the phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as oleoyl. It has a role as an antigen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. it targets the protein genome polyprotein. 
it, also known as 5-hydroxynonanoic acid delta-lactone or 2H-pyran-2-one, tetrahydro-6-butyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6-butyltetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, coconut, and coumarin taste. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless gas or liquid with a strong acrid/pungent odor. Boils at 60Â°F. Liquid density 10.0 lb / gal. Shipped as a liquid confined under its own vapor pressure. A highly toxic lachrymator. Has been used as a tear gas. Vapor is heavier than air. Prolonged exposure of the container to fire or intense heat may cause violent rupturing and rocketing. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. It forms a very flammable mixture with combustible materials and this mixture may be explosive if the combustible material is finely divided. The mixture can be ignited by friction. Contact with strong sulfuric acid can cause fires or explosions. When mixed with ammonium salts, spontaneous decomposition and ignition may result. Prolonged exposure of the material to fire or heat can result in an explosion. It is used in photography, in pyrotechnics, and as a herbicide. 
Staurosporine is a cell permeable alkaloid isolated from Streptomyces staurosporeus exhibiting anti-cancer activity. Staurosporine is a potent, non-selective inhibitor of protein kinases, including protein kinase C. This agent induces apoptosis by an undetermined mechanism. (NCI) 
An N-substituted amphetamine analog. It is a widely abused drug classified as a hallucinogen and causes marked, long-lasting changes in brain serotonergic systems. It is commonly referred to as MDMA or ecstasy. 
it is a tocotrienol that is chroman-6-ol substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 5, 7 and 8 and a farnesyl chain at position 2. It has been found in palm oil derived from Elaeis guineensis. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a tocotrienol and a vitamin E. 
it is a barbiturate, the structure of which is that of 2-thiobarbituric acid substituted at C-5 by ethyl and sec-pentyl groups. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a sedative, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a drug allergen and an intravenous anaesthetic. It derives from a 2-thiobarbituric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it Sodium is the sodium salt form of it, an ultrashort-acting barbituric acid derivative, with anesthetic activity. it binds to the chloride ionophore site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A/chloride ionophore receptor complex, thereby enhancing the inhibitory actions of GABA-A in the brain. This leads to synaptic inhibition, decreased neuronal excitability and induction of anesthesia. In addition, this agent decreases glutamate (Glu) responses. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is pyrazine in which all four hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. An alkaloid extracted from Chuanxiong (Ligusticum wallichii). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent, a vasodilator agent, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of pyrazines and an alkaloid. 
Xi-4, 5-dihydro-2, 4(5)-dimethyl-1H-imidazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as imidolactams. These are cyclic organooxygen compounds containing the structure RC(=N)N where the central carbon atom and one of the linked nitrogen atoms are part of the same ring( R here is an organyl group). They can also be viewed as analogs of lactams where the oxygen atom is replaced by a nitrogen atom. Xi-4, 5-dihydro-2, 4(5)-dimethyl-1H-imidazole is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, xi-4, 5-dihydro-2, 4(5)-dimethyl-1H-imidazole can be found in fishes. This makes xi-4, 5-dihydro-2, 4(5)-dimethyl-1H-imidazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the sodium salt form of ceftiofur, a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Ceftiofur binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it, also known as it or 2-butyrothienone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(2-thienyl)-1-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a beef, grilled, and roast taste. 
it, also known as sporeamicin a or SRM-a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-ethyl-4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-ethyl-4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 5-ethyl-4-methyl-2-pentyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a para-terphenyl that is 1,1':4',1''-terphenyl substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3' and 6' and hydroxy groups at positions 2', 4 and 4''. It has been isolated from Aspergillus taichungensis. It has a role as a mycotoxin and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a para-terphenyl, a member of phenols and a dimethoxybenzene. 
A peptide, of about 33 amino acids, secreted by the upper INTESTINAL MUCOSA and also found in the central nervous system. It causes gallbladder contraction, release of pancreatic exocrine (or digestive) enzymes, and affects other gastrointestinal functions. it may be the mediator of satiety. 
it is trianion of N-acetyl-L-gamma-glutamyl phosphate arising from deprotonation of carboxy and phosphate groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetyl-L-gamma-glutamyl phosphate. 
it, also known as arduan or pipecurium bromide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavanols. These are polycyclic compounds containing a hydroxylated isoflavan skeleton. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as yellow wax bean, scarlet bean, pulses, and common bean. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a C20-gibberellin, initially identified in Gibberella fujikuroi, in which the gibbane skeleton carries 1beta- and 4aalpha-methyl groups, 1alpha- and 10beta-carboxy substituents, and a methylene group at C-8 (all gibbane numberings). It is a C20-gibberellin and a dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
(1S,2R)-5-methoxy-1-methyl-2-(propylamino)tetralin is a secondary amino compound that consists of tetralin bearing methyl, propylamino and methoxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 5 respectively. Dopamine receptor antagonist with preferential action at presynaptic receptors (pKi values are 6.95, 6.67, 6.37, 6.21 and 6.07 at hD3. hD4, hD2S, hD2L and rD2 receptors respectively). It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a member of tetralins and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a (1S,2R)-5-methoxy-1-methyl-2-(propylammonio)tetralin(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 
it is a tetracosenoate that is the conjugate base of nervonic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (15Z)-tetracosenoic acid. 
Normorphine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is estra-1,3,5(10)-trien-3-ol substituted by additional hydroxy groups at positions 16 and 17 (16alpha,17beta-stereoisomer). It has a role as an estrogen, a human metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid, a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it appears as a yellowish liquid with an irritating odor. Insoluble in water. Flash point 127Â°F. Very toxic by inhalation, skin absorption and ingestion. Used to make pharmaceuticals and agricultural chemicals. it is an isocyanate comprising a cyclohexane core with a single isocyanato substituent. It has a role as an allergen. 
This is a chemical weapon precursor or chemical weapon impurity which is similar to 2-diethylaminoethanol. See the chemical datasheet for 2-diethylaminoethanol for more information. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of 2-amino-2-[2-(4-octylphenyl) ethyl]-1,3-propanediol (fingolimod). It has a role as a sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor agonist, an immunosuppressive agent and a prodrug. It is a hydrochloride and an organic salt. It contains a fingolimod(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of fingolimod, an orally available derivate of myriocin and sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 1 (S1PR1, S1P1) modulator, with potential anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating activities. Upon oral administration, fingolimod, as a structural analogue of sphingosine, selectively targets and binds to S1PR1 on lymphocytes and causes transient receptor activation followed by S1PR1 internalization and degradation. This results in the sequestration of lymphocytes in lymph nodes. By preventing egress of lymphocytes. fingolimod reduces both the amount of circulating peripheral lymphocytes and the infiltration of lymphocytes into target tissues. This prevents a lymphocyte-mediated immune response and may reduce inflammation. S1PR1, a G-protein coupled receptor, plays a key role in lymphocyte migration from lymphoid tissues. Fingolimod also shifts macrophages to an anti-inflammatory M2 phenotype, and modulates their proliferation, morphology, and cytokine release via inhibition of the transient receptor potential cation channel, subfamily M, member 7 (TRPM7). 
it is a branched-chain fatty acid that is 4-methylpentanoic acid carrying an oxo substituent at C-3. It is a branched-chain fatty acid and a 3-oxo fatty acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methyl-3-oxopentanoate. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is heptanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 is replaced by an amino group. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a derivative of abieta-7,13-diene having an oxo group on one of the gem-dimethyl groups. It derives from a hydride of an abieta-7,13-diene. 
it is a steroid derivative that is the simplest sterol, characterized by the hydroxyl group in position C-3 of the steroid skeleton, and saturated bonds throughout the sterol structure, with the exception of the 5-6 double bond in the B ring. 
it is a valine derivative with one of the amine hydrogens replaced by an acetyl group and the carboxylic acid hydrogen replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is the enoate ester that is the 1,2-bis(methacryloyl) derivative of ethylene glycol. It has a role as a cross-linking reagent, a polymerisation monomer and an allergen. It derives from an ethylene glycol and a methacrylic acid. it is an organic chemical and ester of methacrylic acid. it is a reactive resin used as a functional monomer and a crosslinking agent in polymer production. Via photopolymerization, this agent is a component of hydrogels, which are used in applications such as scaffolds for tissue engineering or drug delivery carriers. In turn, hydrogel products can be applied to the prevention of thrombosis, post-operative adhesion formations, and as coatings for biosensors. 
it is any N-acetylhexosamine in which the hexosamine has D-configuration. The structure provided is an illustrative example of the pyranose form of it. 
1.1.1-it is a colorless, highly flammable gas. It is heavier than air and vapors may travel from a leaking container to a source of ignition causing a flame to flashback to the container. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-en-28-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3 and 23 (the 2alpha,3beta stereoisomer). Isolated from Symplocos lancifolia and Juglans sinensis, it exhibits antioxidant and antimicrobial activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent and an antioxidant. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and Cytomegalovirus Infections. it is a pyrimidine nucleoside analog with activity against various herpesviruses. it is converted to its triphosphate form in vivo and inhibits viral DNA polymerase. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of iron(2+) sulfate. It is obtained from the heptahydrate by heating above 65â„ƒ. It is used as a source of iron in the treatment of iron-deficiency anaemia (generally in solid-dosage treatments; for liquid-dosage treatments, the heptahydrate is normally used). It has a role as a nutraceutical, an anti-anaemic agent and a reducing agent. It is a hydrate and an iron molecular entity. It contains an iron(2+) sulfate (anhydrous). 
it is a broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived semisynthetically from the marine fungus Cephalosporium acremonium with antibacterial activity. As does penicillin, the beta-lactam antibiotic it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by disrupting peptidoglycan synthesis, resulting in a reduction in bacterial cell wall stability and bacterial cell lysis. Stable in the presence of a variety of beta-lactamases, this agent is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria compared to second-generation cephalosporins. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acids. Carboxylic acids are compounds containing a carboxylic acid group with the formula -C(=O)OH. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is am member of the class of imidazoles carrying piperidin-4-yl, 4-fluophenyl and 2-aminopyrimidin-4-yl substituents at posiitons 1, 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an angiogenesis inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of piperidines, an organofluorine compound, an aminopyrimidine and a member of imidazoles. 
it, also known as fema 3852, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fruity, overripe fruit, and passion fruit taste. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. itnil Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of alfentanil, a synthetic short-acting opioid with analgesic and local anesthesia enhancing activity. itnil primarily binds to mu-opioid receptor, a G-protein-coupled receptor, thereby mimicking the actions of morphine, the prototypical mu receptor agonist. This agent induces anti-nociception responses mediated through inhibiting the release of various neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline; in addition, the release of vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagon are also inhibited. 
it is a methanesulfonate ester resulting from the formal condensation of methanesulfonic acid with methanol. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a genotoxin, a carcinogenic agent, a mutagen and an apoptosis inducer. it is a stable, colorless, combustible liquid that emits toxic fumes of sulfoxide when heated to decomposition. it is used for laboratory purposes as a catalyst in chemical synthesis and has been tested clinically as a cancer chemotherapeutic agent. This substance is an alkylating agent and acts as a mutagen by altering and damaging DNA and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax notoginseng that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 6alpha, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 20 have been converted to the corresponding beta-D-xylopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranoside and beta-D-glucopyranoside respectively, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent, an apoptosis inducer and a phytoestrogen. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a disaccharide derivative, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is an oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the monoanion obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy group of it. It is a conjugate base of an it. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
CP-47,497 C8 Homologue is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Artemisinin is an ancient Chinese herbal therapy for malarial fevers which has been recently found to have potent activity against many forms of malarial organisms, including chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium falciparum. Several artemisinin derivatives have been developed for clinical use in prevention and treatment of malaria, some of which have been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. 
it, also known as c. i. acid red 52 or erio acid red, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthenes. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a xanthene moiety, which consists of two benzene rings joined to each other by a pyran ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the organic phosphate that is the 5'-monophosphate of abacavir. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of 2,6-diaminopurines and an organic phosphate. It derives from an abacavir. 
it is a kynurenine that has L configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a kynurenine. It is a conjugate acid of a L-kynureninate. It is an enantiomer of a D-kynurenine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Melanoma, Solid Tumors, Breast Cancer, and Thoracic Cancers, among others. 
it is a member of the class of indoles that is tryptamine in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by an acetyl group while the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a benzyl group. It has a role as a melatonin receptor antagonist. It is a member of acetamides and a member of indoles. It derives from a tryptamine. 
Methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(phenylacetyl)alaninate is an alanine derivative that is the N-phenylacetyl derivative of methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)alaninate It is an alanine derivative, an aromatic amide, a carboxamide and a methyl ester. 
it is a C17 saturated fatty acid and trace component of fats in ruminants. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a margarate. 
it is a a novel, reversible, ATP-competitive ERK1/2 inhibitor with high potency and ERK1/2 selectivity. It is currently in clinical trials for the treatment of a wide range of tumors. it is an orally available inhibitor of extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) 1 and 2, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it inhibits both ERK 1 and 2, thereby preventing the activation of ERK-mediated signal transduction pathways. This results in the inhibition of ERK-dependent tumor cell proliferation and survival. The mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)/ERK pathway is often upregulated in a variety of tumor cell types and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation, differentiation and survival. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 66Â°F. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Vapors are heavier than air. Prolonged exposure to low concentrations or short exposure to high concentrations may have adverse health effects from inhalation. 
it is a thio-fatty acid that is reduced form of lipoic acid. A potent antioxidant shown to directly destroy superoxide, hydroperoxy and hydroxyl radicals; also has neuroprotective and anti-tumour effects. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent, an antioxidant and a human metabolite. It derives from an octanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrolipoate. 
it is a member of the class of tetralins that is tetralin which is substituted at positions 1 and 4 by a methylamino and a 3,4-dichlorophenyl group, respectively (the S,S diastereoisomer). A selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), it is administered orally as the hydrochloride salt as an antidepressant for the treatment of depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder. It has a role as an antidepressant and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. It is a member of tetralins, a secondary amino compound and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow oily fuming liquid. It is irritating to the skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Very toxic by inhalation and ingestion. it is a arsenic molecular entity that consists of a single arsenic atom bearing three chloro substituents. It has a role as a genotoxin. It is an arsenic molecular entity and a pnictogen halide. 
it is a cumate that is the conjugate base of p-cumic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a p-cumic acid. 
it is a 4-hydroxymandelic acid that has R-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-4-hydroxymandelate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-4-hydroxymandelic acid. 
it is a ketone that is alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 2-aminobenzoyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a substituted aniline, an aromatic ketone and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a kynureninate. 
it is a fluorescent dye of absorption wavelength 555 nm and emission wavelength 565 nm, derived from a 3,6-diaminoxanthene-4,5-disulfate. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
it is a prostaglandin Falpha obtained by formal oxidation of the 15-hydroxy group and hydrogenation of the 13,14-double bond of prostaglandin F2alpha. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a prostaglandins Falpha and a ketone. It derives from a prostaglandin F2alpha. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a diterpenoid that is phenanthrene-3,4-dione substituted by a methoxy group at position 6, a methyl groups at positions 7 and 8 and an isopropyl group at position 2. A norabietane derivative, it is isolated from Salvia multicaulis and exhibits antitubercular activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is an aromatic ether, a diterpenoid, a member of phenanthrenes and a member of orthoquinones. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is coumarin substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5 and 7, a prenyl group at position 6 and a 2,4-dihydroxyphenyl group at position 3. Isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis, it exhibits antibacterial activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of coumarins, a member of hydroxyisoflavans and an aromatic ether. 
it is a derivative of glycine having a benzyloxycarbonyl protecting group attached to the nitrogen. It is a conjugate acid of a N-benzyloxycarbonylglycinate. 
it is the mesylate salt of bitolterol, a diester sympathomimetic amine with bronchodilator activity. As an ester prodrug, bitolterol is hydrolyzed by esterases to its active metabolite colterol (N-t-butylarterenol). Colterol selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar smooth muscle, thereby causing stimulation of adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased intracellular cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle. This increases air flow and prevents bronchospasms and may eventually lead to an improvement of airway function. 
Peroxynitrite is the nitrogen oxoanion formed by loss of a proton from peroxynitrous acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of reactive oxygen species, a nitrogen oxoanion and a member of reactive nitrogen species. It is a conjugate base of a peroxynitrous acid. 
it is the D-erythro-stereoisomer of isocitric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a D-erythro-isocitrate(3-). It is an enantiomer of a L-erythro-isocitric acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and health services research of Tumor, Food Effect, Gastric Cancer, Health Subjects, and Colorectal Cancer, among others. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the c-Met receptor tyrosine kinase with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits the activation of c-Met in an ATP-competitive manner, and disrupts c-Met signal transduction pathways. This may result in cell growth inhibition in tumors that overexpress the c-Met protein. C-Met encodes the hepatocyte growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase and plays an important role in tumor cell proliferation, survival, invasion, and metastasis, and tumor angiogenesis; this protein is overexpressed or mutated in a variety of cancers. 
it is an amino-acid betaine gamma-aminobutyric acid zwitterion in which all of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen are replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyrate and a gamma-aminobutyric acid zwitterion. It is a conjugate base of a 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoic acid. 
it is an amino acid amide that is the carboxamide of L-tryptophan. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an amino acid amide and a tryptophan derivative. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Ferroit(4-) is a cyclic tetrapyrrole anion arising from deprotonation of the four carboxy groups of ferroit; major species at pH 7.3. It is a cyclic tetrapyrrole anion and a tetracarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a ferroit. 
it is an acyclic carboxylic anhydride resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy groups of two molecules of dodecanoic acid. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
Pyridoxine 5'-phosphate is a vitamin B6 phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a pyridoxine. It is a conjugate acid of a pyridoxine 5'-phosphate(2-). 
it is an anthrapyrazole antineoplastic antibiotic. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. Although less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin, this agent exhibits a narrow spectrum of antineoplastic activity. (NCI04) 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 156Â°F. Density 10.2 lb / gal. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is the simplest carboxylic acid, containing a single carbon. Occurs naturally in various sources including the venom of bee and ant stings, and is a useful organic synthetic reagent. Principally used as a preservative and antibacterial agent in livestock feed. Induces severe metabolic acidosis and ocular injury in human subjects. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a protic solvent, a metabolite, a solvent and an astringent. It is a conjugate acid of a formate. it is a reagent comprised of the organic chemical it that cleaves proteins into peptides at the C- or N-terminal side of an aspartate residue. 
N-[4-cyano-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]-3-[(4-fluorophenyl)sulfonyl]-2-hydroxy-2-methylpropanamide is a member of the class of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes that is 4-amino-2-(trifluoromethyl)benzonitrile in which one of the amino hydrogens is substituted by a 3-[(4-fluorophenyl)sulfonyl]-2-hydroxy-2-methylpropanoyl group. It is a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a nitrile, a sulfone and a tertiary alcohol. it is a synthetic, nonsteroidal antiandrogen. it competitively binds to cytosolic androgen receptors in target tissues, thereby inhibiting the receptor binding of androgens. This agent does not bind to most mutated forms of androgen receptors. (NCI04) 
it is a synthetic cyclodepsipeptide derived from a marine metabolite that exhibits antineoplastic properties. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. it is a synthetic cyclic depsipeptide of the kahalalides family with potential antineoplastic activity. PM02734 is a derivative of a natural marine compound extracted from the sacoglossan sea slug, Elysia rufescens. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be elucidated, it exhibits anti-proliferative activity in a wide variety of cancer types, such as breast, colon, pancreas, lung, and prostate. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
Cis-trans-nepetalactone is a cyclopentapyran that is (4aS,7aR)-1,4a,5,6,7,7a-hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyran substituted at position 1 by an oxo group and at positions 4 and 7 by methyl groups, respectively (the 4aS,7S,7aR-diastereomer). An iridoid monoterpenoid isolated from several Nepeta plant species. It is an aphid sex pheromone and cat attractant, and exhibits antibacterial, antifungal, and analgesic properties. It has a role as a pheromone, a plant metabolite, an insect attractant, an analgesic, an insect repellent, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. It is an iridoid monoterpenoid and a cyclopentapyran. 
it is a dihydroxy- and monomethoxy-flavone in which the hydroxy groups are positioned at C-5 and C-7 and the methoxy group is at C-8. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an epoxide compound with potential antineoplastic alkylating activity. it is able to crosslink DNA via its epoxide group, resulting in disruption of DNA function and cell cycle arrest. 
it has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Dyspepsia, Hypergastrinaemia, Barrett's Esophagus, ECL-cell Hyperplasia, and Rebound Hyperacidity, among others. it is an orally active, benzodiazepine type, selective cholecystokinin B receptor (CCKBR; CCK2R; gastrin receptor) antagonist with potential gastric acid reducing and antiproliferative activity. Upon administration, it, selectively binds to and blocks the CCKBR, thereby preventing the binding of gastrin and cholecystokinin. This may prevent gastric neuroendocrine enterochromaffin-like (ECL) cell-induced secretion of histamine, ultimately preventing gastric acid secretion from adjacent parietal cells. In addition, it may inhibit ECL cell proliferation and ECL-derived gastric carcinoids. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone, an organochlorine compound and an organofluorine compound. It has a role as an anxiolytic drug. It derives from a monofluorobenzene and a diazepam. 
3-Methyl-3H-imidazo[4, 5-F]quinoxalin-2-amine, also known as Iqx or 2-amino-3-methylimidazo(4, 5-F)quinoxaline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinoxalines. Quinoxalines are compounds containing a quinoxaline moiety, a bicyclic heterocycle made up of a benzene ring fused to a pyrazine ring. 3-Methyl-3H-imidazo[4, 5-F]quinoxalin-2-amine is slightly soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-methyl-3H-imidazo[4, 5-F]quinoxalin-2-amine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an aromatic hydrocarbon that consists of six fused rings and is produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter. it is primarily found in gasoline exhaust, tobacco smoke and coal tar. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a 2-trans-abscisic acid with (R)-configuration at the chiral centre. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-2-trans-abscisate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-2-trans-abscisic acid. 
it is a phosphatidylethanolamine in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at C-1 and C-2 are palmitoyl and oleoyl respectively. It is a phosphatidylethanolamine and a (18R,21S)-24-amino-21-hydroxy-21-oxido-15-oxo-16,20,22-trioxa-21lambdalambda(5)-phosphatetracosan-18-yl icosanoate. 
it is an organic hydrogensulfate salt having 4-{[4-(diethylamino)phenyl](phenyl)methylidene}-N,N-diethylcyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-iminium as the counterion. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye, an antiseptic drug, an antibacterial agent, a poison and an environmental contaminant. It contains a it cation. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is malic acid (2-hydroxysuccinic acid) in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by an isopropyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid and a 2-hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-isopropylmalate(2-) and a 2-isopropylmalate. 
it is a member of the class of benzenesulfonic acids consisting of benzene carrying two sulfo groups at position 1 and 4 respectively. 
4-hydroxy-2,5-dimethylfuran-3-one is a member of the class of furans that is 2,5-dimethylfuran carrying additional oxo and hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has been found particularly in strawberries and other such fruits. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is a member of furans, an enol and a cyclic ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-2,5-dimethylfuran-3-olate. 
Cocaine is a benzoid acid ester that that was originally used as a local anesthetic, but is no longer used because of its potent addictive qualities. When given in high doses systemically, cocaine has mood elevating effects that have led to its widescale abuse. High doses of cocaine can be associated with toxic reactions including hyperthermia, rhabdomyolysis, shock and acute liver injury which can be severe and even fatal. 
1, 4-Bis-(1, 1-dimethylethyl)-benzene, also known as para-di-tert-butylbenzene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 1, 4-Bis-(1, 1-dimethylethyl)-benzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1, 4-Bis-(1, 1-dimethylethyl)-benzene has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a benzenedicarboxylic acid that is phthalic acid in which the hydrogen at position 4 is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a benzenedicarboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a phthalic acid. 
it is a bisindole alkaloid that is quinone bearing hydroxy substituents at positions 2 and 5 and two indol-3-yl groups at positions 3 and 6, one of which is carrying a prenyl group at position 5. Isolated from the culture broth of Chrysosporium merdarium, it acts as an inhibitor of HIV-1 protease and EGF-R protein tyrosine kinase. It has a role as a metabolite, a HIV protease inhibitor and an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a bisindole alkaloid, an enol and a member of dihydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones. 
it is a dipeptide comprising of beta-alanine and 3-methyl-L-histidine units. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a beta-alanine derivative and a dipeptide. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a ketogluconic acid that is L-gluconic acid in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been oxidized to a keto group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an enantiomer of an iduronic acid. 
it, also known as 2-sec-butyl-cyclohexanone or cyclohexanone, sec-butyl, # 1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-(1-methylpropyl)cyclohexanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a camphor, fresh, and minty taste. 
it is a menaquinone whose side-chain contains six isoprene units in an all-trans-configuration and in which the hydrogen at position 8 on the naphthoquinone ring has been replaced by a methyl group.. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of menaquinones and an 8-methylmenaquinone. 
it is a C20 hydroxy fatty acid having (5S)-, (14R)- and (15S)-hydroxy groups as well as (6E)- (8Z)-, (10E)- and (12E)-double bonds. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a lipoxin, a long-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it-1 is a diester that is crocetin in which both of the carboxy groups have been converted to their gentiobiosyl esters. It is one of the water-soluble yellow-red pigments of saffron and is used as a spice for flavouring and colouring food. Note that in India, the term 'it' is also used by GlaxoSmithKline as a brand-name for paracetamol. It has a role as an antioxidant, a food colouring, a plant metabolite and a histological dye. It is a diester, a disaccharide derivative and a diterpenoid. It derives from a beta-D-gentiobiosyl crocetin and a gentiobiose. 
it is a member of the class of indolones that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one which is substituted by a (2,6-dichlorobenzyl)sulfonyl group at position 5 and by a (1H-pyrrol-2-yl)methylidene group at position 2, the pyrrole ring of which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 5, and by a [2-(pyrrolidin-1-ylmethyl)pyrrolidin-1-yl]carbonyl group at position 4 (the Z,R isomer). It has a role as a c-Met tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of indolones, a pyrrolecarboxamide, a N-acylpyrrolidine, a sulfone, a dichlorobenzene, an enamide, a secondary carboxamide and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Tumors, Liver Cancer, Breast Cancer, and Gastric Cancer, among others. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of gibberellin A12. It is a gibberellin carboxylic acid anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A12. 
it is an N-glycosyl compound consisting of a heteropolycyclic ring system with a glucosyl group attached to one of the indolic nitrogens. It is a N-glycosyl compound, an indolocarbazole, an organochlorine compound and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 
it is a 5-(2-{[2-(2-ethoxyphenoxy)ethyl]amino}propyl)-2-methoxybenzenesulfonamide that has (S)-configuration. The enantiomer of tamsulosin. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a tamsulosin. 
it, also known as 1-(methyldisulfanyl)pentane or 2, 3-dithiaoctane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is an onion and sulfurous tasting compound that can be found in chives and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 4 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methyl-2-propyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4-methyl-2-propyloxazole can be found in crustaceans. This makes 4-methyl-2-propyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 2-naphthol methyl ether or nerolin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, acacia, and blossom taste. 
Fluciclovine F18 is a radiotracer containing a synthetic amino acid analogue of L-leucine radiolabeled with fluorine F 18 with potential diagnostic imaging use. Similar to most amino acids, fluciclovine F18 appears to enter cells through the energy-independent L-type amino acid transporter (LAT) system. As an amino acid analogue, this agent is preferentially accumulated by tumor cells due to their increased metabolic needs; however, unlike naturally occurring amino acids, this non-natural amino acid-analogue radiotracer is not metabolized. Accordingly, fluciclovine F18 accumulates in tumor cells and can potentially be used to image tumors using positron emission tomography (PET). 
it is a 1-pyrrolinecarboxylic acid having a hydroxy substituent at the 4-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a dehydroamino acid and a 1-pyrrolinecarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-1-pyrroline-2-carboxylate. 
it is a cyclic terpene ketone that is norcamphor carrying two methyl substituents at position 3. It is a bridged compound and a cyclic terpene ketone. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 30Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic that is 4,10-dimethyl-1-oxa-4-azacyclotridecane-2,5-dione substituted by a 4-(2-hydroxyethoxy)benzyl group at position 3 and a (2R)-2-hydroxypentyl group at position 13 (the 3S,10R,13S stereoisomer). It is isolated from Penicillium sp.PF1163 and exhibits antifungal activity against the pathogenic fungal strain Candida albicans TIMM1768. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a secondary alcohol, a lactam and an aromatic ether. 
it is the chloride salt form of oxybutynin, a tertiary amine and anticholinergic agent with antispasmodic activity. it exerts its antimuscarinic effect on bladder smooth muscle by blocking muscarinic receptors in smooth muscle, thereby inhibiting acetylcholine binding. This results in a relaxation of bladder smooth muscle, a reduction of involuntary muscle contractions and delays the initial desire to void. 
it is a dipeptide composed of glycine and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glycine and a L-serine. 
it is a tertiary amine oxide resulting from the oxidation of the amino group of trimethylamine. It has a role as an osmolyte, a metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a trimethylamine. 
Titanium tetrachloride is a colorless to pale yellow liquid that has fumes with a strong odor. If it comes in contact with water, it rapidly forms hydrochloric acid, as well as titanium compounds. Titanium tetrachloride is not found naturally in the environment and is made from minerals that contain titanium. It is used to make titanium metal and other titanium-containing compounds, such as titanium dioxide, which is used as a white pigment in paints and other products and to produce other chemicals. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a mild odor. Flash point 115Â°F. Denser than water and soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is the ethyl ester obtained of 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol, a lactate ester and an ethyl ester. It derives from a 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. 
it is a white to off-white powder with a chemical odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a polybromodiphenyl ether that is diphenyl ether in which all of the hydrogens have been replaced by bromines. It has a role as a neurotoxin. 
it is a steroid sulfate that is (24S)-24-hydroxycholesterol carrying a single sulfo substituent at the O-24 position. It is a steroid sulfate and a 3beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a (24S)-24-hydroxycholesterol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Isopentenyl acetate, also known as dimethylallyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). Isopentenyl acetate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, isopentenyl acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Isopentenyl acetate is a sweet, balsam, and banana tasting compound that can be found in fats and oils. This makes isopentenyl acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a it that is the parent compound of the its class, consisting of ethanolamine having three methyl substituents attached to the amino function. It has a role as a neurotransmitter, a nutrient, a human metabolite, a plant metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an allergen. 
Di-2-furanylmethane, also known as 2, 2'-methylene difuran or 2, 2'-difurylmethane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. Di-2-furanylmethane exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, di-2-furanylmethane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, di-2-furanylmethane can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes di-2-furanylmethane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a trisaccharide that consists of sucrose having an additional fructosyl residue attached to the fructose residue via a beta-(2->6)-linkage. It derives from a sucrose. 
it is a prodrug of the d-isomer of amphetamine, a non-catecholamine sympathomimetic amine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating activity. Upon administration, lisdexamphetamine is converted to dextroamphetamine through cleavage of the lysine group. Dextroamphetamine acts by facilitating the release of catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline and dopamine, from its storage sites in nerve terminals in the CNS, and inhibits their uptake within the mesocorticolimbic system, a major component of the brain reward system, resulting in measurable behavioral changes such as euphoria, mental alertness and excitement and appetite suppression. As a CNS stimulant, this agent may increase blood pressure. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Penicillamine is an alpha-amino acid having the structure of valine substituted at the beta position with a sulfanyl group. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a thiol. 
it is a synthetic derivative of hexitol with antineoplastic and radiosensitizing properties. it alkylates DNA via actual or derived epoxide groups, resulting in inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which two of the methyl hydrogens are replaced by bromo groups. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a 2-bromocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is an imidazole-4-carboxylic acid compound having an amino substituent at the 5-position. It is an imidazole-4-carboxylic acid and an aminoimidazole. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Difficult to burn, but accelerates the burning of organic substances. Forms explosive mixtures with certain combustible materials. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Used in water purification, to bleach wood pulp, textile, fats, oils; and for many other uses. it is an inorganic sodium salt in which chlorite is the counterion. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorite salt. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyindoles resulting from the formal oxidative coupling between the 3-position of 1,3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one and the 3-position of 1,3-dihydro-2H-pyrrol-2-one, which is substituted at the 5 position by a 5-hydroxy-1H-indol-3-yl group, where the newly-formed double bond has E configuration. It is a purple chromobacterial pigment that has antibacterial, antifungal, antiprotozoan, and anticancer properties. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. It is a member of hydroxyindoles, a member of pyrroles, a member of oxindoles and an olefinic compound. It derives from a proit. 
it is a benzene ring substituted with a sulphonic acid group at position C-1, and hydroxy groups at C-3 and C-4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dihydroxybenzenesulfonate. 
it is a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo steroid, a 17-oxo steroid, an androstanoid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it is a cadinane sesquiterpenoid that is cadin-4-ene carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 10. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a cadinane sesquiterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
Calcifediol is an orally available synthetic form of the calcitriol prohormone calcifediol (25-hydroxyvitamin D), which can be used for vitamin D supplementation, and with potential immunomodulating activity. Upon oral administration, calcifediol is taken up by the body and converted, in the kidneys, to the active form calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D or 1,25(OH)2D). This form increases and normalizes vitamin D plasma levels, which, in turn, regulates calcium plasma levels, and normalizes elevated parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels by suppressing both PTH synthesis, and secretion. Vitamin D modulates and enhances the innate and adaptive immune responses. This may improve unregulated inflammation and prevents the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Specifically, vitamin D binds to its receptor vitamin D receptor (VDR) which is widely expressed on immune cells and epithelial cells. This stimulates neutrophils, macrophages, and natural killer (NK) cells, and activates epithelial cells to produce antimicrobial peptides (AMPs). In addition, upon infection, vitamin D promotes the migration of myeloid dendritic cells (mDCs) to lymphoid organs where they activate B- and T-lymphocytes. 
it appears as a clear, colorless liquid without significant odor. More dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Primary hazard is to the environment. Spread to the environment should be immediately stopped. Easily penetrates soil, contaminates groundwater and nearby waterways. Flash point 325Â°F. Severely irritates eyes and mildly irritates skin. Used in the manufacture of perfumes, plastics, mosquito repellents and many other products. it is the diethyl ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a teratogenic agent, a neurotoxin and a plasticiser. It is a phthalate ester, a diester and an ethyl ester. 
it is an amino cyclitol consisting of scyllo-inositol with the hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 3 replaced by unsubstituted amino groups. It derives from a scyllo-inositol. 
it is a pyrimidinemonocarboxylic acid that results from the base-catalysed cyclisation of N(alpha)-carbethoxyasparagine. It is a secondary amide, a monocarboxylic acid, a pyrimidinemonocarboxylic acid and a N-acylurea. It derives from an orotic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydroorotate. 
it is a novel small molecule ghrelin agonist being developed by Tranzyme Pharma as a first-in-class treatment for both POI and diabetic gastroparesis, serious medical conditions in which motility of the GI tract is severely impaired. 
C.i. it appears as red-brown powder, large black shiny crystals with a green luster or purple powder. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a hydroxychrysene that is chrysene in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a semisynthetic glycopeptide used (as its bisphosphate salt) for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused or suspected to be caused by susceptible isolates of designated Gram-positive microorganisms including MRSA. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. It is a disaccharide derivative, a glycopeptide and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from a vancomycin aglycone. 
it is an member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls formed formally by chlorination of biphenyl-3-ol at C-2' and -5'. It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of hydroxybiphenyls. It derives from a biphenyl-3-ol. 
it is used in the treatment of herpes zoster. Although not approved in the U.S. or Canada, it is approved in several European countries. it is a uridine derivative and nucleoside analog with pro-apoptotic and chemosensitizing properties. In vitro, bromovinyl-deoxyuridine (it) has been shown to downregulate the multifunctional DNA repair enzyme APEX nuclease 1, resulting in the inhibition of DNA repair and the induction of apoptosis. In addition, this agent may inhibit the expression of STAT3 (signal transducer and activator of transcription 3), which may result in the downregulation of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). it has also been found to inhibit the upregulation of chemoresistance genes (Mdr1 and DHFR) during chemotherapy. Overall, the gene expression changes associated with it treatment result in the decrease or prevention of chemoresistance. In addition, this agent has been shown to enhance the cytolytic activity of NK-92 natural killer cells towards a pancreatic cancer cell line in vitro. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-proline joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-proline. 
it is a nitrile that is pentanenitrile substituted by a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 2, a methylamino group at position 4 and an isopropyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the drug verapamil. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a dimethoxybenzene, a nitrile and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a primary amino compound that is the 5-hydroxy derivative of tryptamine. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is a monoamine molecular messenger, a primary amino compound, a member of phenols, a member of hydroxyindoles and a member of tryptamines. It derives from a tryptamine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it appears as pale-yellow or almost colorless transparent viscous liquid with a faint mild odor and nauseating taste. Density 0.95 g / cm3. A mixture of glycerides, chiefly ricinolein (the glyceride of ricinoleic acid) . it is a vegetable oil pressed from the seeds of the castor bean, Ricinus communis. it has many industrial applications and is used medicinally as a laxative and as an excipient. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02589236 (Study of it (N91115) in Patients With CF Homozygous for the F508del-CFTR Mutation). 
it  (AZD2563) is an oxazolidinone antibiotic. In July 2002, after completion of phase I trials in December 2001, AstraZeneca announced that they were no longer pursuing the development of it, presumably due to negative trial results (though no results were reported). it is an oxazolidinone antibiotic agent with bactericidal activity against common gram-positive bacteria. 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is tubulosan bearing methoxy groups at positions 10 and 11 as well as a hydroxy group at position 9. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether, a member of beta-carbolines, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound and a member of phenols. It derives from a tubulosan. 
2, 4-Dimethylbenzaldehyde, also known as 1-formyl-2, 4-dimethylbenzene or 2, 4-xylylaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). 2, 4-Dimethylbenzaldehyde exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethylbenzaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 4-Dimethylbenzaldehyde has an almond, cherry, and naphthyl taste. 
it is a chlorocatechol that is catechol in which the hydrogen adjacent to one of the hydroxy groups is replaced by a chlorine. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a chlorocatechol. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 3 and a methoxy group at position 7. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. 
it, wetted with not less than 10% water appears as a white to light colored solid. Insoluble in water and more dense than water. Can be explosive if allowed to dry out. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. If exposed to high temperatures or flames may ignite and burn with an intense flame. 
it is the aromatic diazonium ion formed from diazotisation of 3,3'-dimethoxy[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-diamine. It has a role as a histological dye. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted by a 1-hydroxyethyl group at position 4. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
it is an ether of monohydroxybenzoic acid. It is added to food products as a flavoring agent. It is also present in cosmetics and personal care products as a fragrance ingredient, oral care agent, hair conditioning agent, and warming or cooling agent. 
it is an octadecanoate ester obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of octadecanoic (stearic) acid and the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester and an octadecanoate ester. 
2,4-dimethyl-6-tert-butyl phenol appears as a yellow liquid with a phenolic odor. Insoluble in water and about the same density as water. Exposure to skin, eyes or mucous membranes may cause severe burns. 
it is a pentonic acid that is the 2-deoxy derivative of D-ribonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a D-ribonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-deoxy-D-ribonate. 
it is the fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of oleic acid and aniline. It is an anilide and a fatty amide. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride salt of retaspimycin. A semi-synthetic water-soluble analogue of geldanamycin used in cancer treatment. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It contains a retaspimycin(1+). Retaspimycin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of a small-molecule inhibitor of heat shock protein 90 (HSP90) with antiproliferative and antineoplastic activities. Retaspimycin binds to and inhibits the cytosolic chaperone functions of HSP90, which maintains the stability and functional shape of many oncogenic signaling proteins and may be overexpressed or overactive in tumor cells. Retaspimycin-mediated inhibition of HSP90 promotes the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins in susceptible tumor cell populations, which may result in the induction of apoptosis. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. A dangerous fire risk when in contact with reducing materials. Very toxic by ingestion. Used to make paints and in electric storage batteries. 
it is a Radioactive Therapeutic Agent. The mechanism of action of it is as a Radiopharmaceutical Activity. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining telavancin and hydrochloric acid. The composition of the compound is telavancin.nHCl where n = 1-3. Used for treatment of adults with complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by bacteria. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. It contains a telavancin. it is the hydrochloride salt form of telavancin, a lipoglycopeptide and a semisynthetic derivative of vancomycin with antibacterial activity against gram-positive bacteria. Like vancomycin, telavancin binds tightly to the D-alanyl-D-alanine residue of cell wall precursors, thereby interfering with bacterial cell wall synthesis. In addition, the lipophilic moiety of telavancin may interact with the lipid bilayer in the bacterial cell membrane, thereby compromising the integrity of cell membrane and causing cell membrane depolarization. This novel mechanism of action may contribute to telavancin's rapid bactericidal activity and its improved activity over vancomycin against some antibiotic resistance gram-positive bacteria. 
it is a hydroxy ketone ascaroside that is ascr#2 in which the hydroxy group at position 2 of the ascarylopyranose moiety has been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucoside. A metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, it is only weakly dauer inducing, but synergises with ascr#2, ascr#3, and ascr#8 in male attraction. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite and a pheromone. It is a glycosyl glycoside derivative, a methyl ketone and a hydroxy ketone ascaroside. It derives from an ascr#2. 
The main glucocorticoid secreted by the ADRENAL CORTEX. Its synthetic counterpart is used, either as an injection or topically, in the treatment of inflammation, allergy, collagen diseases, asthma, adrenocortical deficiency, shock, and some neoplastic conditions. 
it is a member of indoles, a carbamate ester and a N-sulfonylcarboxamide. It has a role as an anti-asthmatic agent and a leukotriene antagonist. it is a tolyl compound and leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA), with anti-asthmatic and potential capsular contracture-preventing activities. Upon administration, it selectively and competitively binds to and blocks the cysteinyl leukotriene 1 receptor (CYSLTR1), thereby preventing the potent pro-inflammatory mediators leukotriene C4, D4 and E4 from binding. This prevents leukotriene-mediated actions, including enhanced migration of eosinophils and neutrophils, increased adhesion of leukocytes, increased monocyte and neutrophil aggregation, increased airway edema, inflammation, capillary permeability and bronchoconstriction. In addition, it may decrease collagen deposition, fibrosis, and capsular thickness after implantation, thereby preventing scar tissue. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by the formal condensation of 2-hydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-2,2-dimethylpropyl)naphthalene-1,4-dione with 1,3-benzodioxole-5-carboxylic acid. Isolated from Rhinacanthus nasutus, it exhibits antiviral activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antiviral agent and an anti-allergic agent. It is a carboxylic ester, a member of benzodioxoles, an enol and a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anal Cancer. Topical Piperidine Nitroxide MTS-01 is a topical gel containing a cell permeable hydrophilic piperidine nitroxide with potential radioprotective and antioxidant activity. As a stable, free radical compound, MTS-01 may be able to protect cells against the damaging effects of reactive oxygen species (ROS), upon exposure to ionizing radiation and oxidative stress. The topically applied MTS-01 may protect normal tissue from radiation-induced toxicity, such as radiation dermatitis, during radiation therapy. 
it is a synthetic bioactive retinoid with differentiation inducing and potential antineoplastic activities. Like other retinoic acid agents, it binds to and activates retinoic acid receptors (RARs), thereby altering the expression of certain genes leading to cell differentiation and decreased cell proliferation in susceptible cells. 
Borneol appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. 
it is a macrolide that consists of oxacyclododec-9-ene-2,8-dione bearing four methyl substituents at positions 3, 5, 7 and 11 as well as a hydroxy group at position 4 and an ethyl substituent at position 12. The aglycone of the macrolide antibiotic 10-deoxymethymycin. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a retinoid that is all-trans-retinol in which the hydrogens at position 4 have been replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a retinoid, a cyclic ketone, an enone and a primary allylic alcohol. It derives from an all-trans-retinol. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is phenyl hydrogen sulfate substituted by a (1Z,3Z)-2,3-diisocyano-4-(4-methoxyphenyl)buta-1,3-dien-1-yl group at position 4. An Aspergillus metabolite isolated from Aspergillus and Aspergillus fumigatus. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate, an aromatic ether and an isocyanide. 
it appears as a clear colorless to light-yellow liquid with an offensive odor. Flash point 65Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. May be toxic by inhalation. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pancreatic Cancer, Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. it is a second-generation selective leukotriene B4 receptor (LTB4R) antagonist with potential antineoplastic activity. Although the exact underlying mechanism through which it exerts its effects has not been fully elucidated, this agent selectively binds to and blocks LTB4Rs, thereby inhibiting the downstream signalling pathway. LY29311 has been shown to induce apoptosis and inhibits cellular proliferation in LTB4R expressing cells, such as pancreatic cancer cells. 
it, also known as it or a-amino-p-cresol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylmethylamines. Phenylmethylamines are compounds containing a phenylmethtylamine moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted by an methanamine. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an acyl monophosphate in which the acyl group specified is acetyl. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
itium, also known as molevac or pyrcon, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyrroles. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring linked to a pyrrole ring through a CC or CN bond. itium is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the amino acid zwitterion formed from 3,3',5-triiodo-L-thyronine by tranfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group. It is the major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tautomer of a 3,3',5-triiodo-L-thyronine. 
it is a sulfonium compound that is the conjugate acid of S-methyl-L-methioninate. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a S-methyl-L-methioninate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
2, 8-Bis-trifluoromethyl-4-quinoline carboxylic acid, also known as 2, 8-MMQ or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinoline carboxylic acids. These are quinolines in which the quinoline ring system is substituted by a carboxyl group at one or more positions. 2, 8-Bis-trifluoromethyl-4-quinoline carboxylic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2, 8-Bis-trifluoromethyl-4-quinoline carboxylic acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 2, 8-bis-trifluoromethyl-4-quinoline carboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a it in which the acyl group is specified as 3-methylbutanoyl. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an apoptosis inducer, an angiogenesis inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is dianion of N(6)-(dimethylallyl)adenosine 5'-phosphate arising from deprotonation of both OH groups of the phosphate. It is a conjugate base of a N(6)-(dimethylallyl)adenosine 5'-monophosphate. 
it is a carotenol having the structure of rhodopin with two hydrogen atoms abstracted from the C(3)-C(4) bond to form an extra trans double bond. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a carotenol and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a rhodopin. 
Ethyl mercury chloride appears as silver iridescent crystals or white fluffy solid . Sublimes easily. Sensitive to light. Highly toxic. Causes skin burns and is absorbed through the skin. it is a highly toxic organomercury compound which is used as a fungicide for treating seeds. It has a role as a fungicide. It is a chlorine molecular entity and an organomercury compound. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid consisting of hexadecanoic acid carrying methyl substituents at positions 3, 7, 11 and 15. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phytanate. It derives from a hydride of a phytane. 
Ferroxamine, also known as Desferal-iron(III), is classified as a n-acyl amine. A n-acyl amine are compounds containing a fatty acid moiety linked to an amine group through an ester linkage. Ferroxamine is considered a practically insoluble (in water), acidic compound. Ferroxamine may be a unique E. coli metabolite. Ferroxamine is a member of the chemical class known as Hydroxamic Acids. These are compounds containing an hydroxamic acid functional group in which an hydroxylamine is inserted into a carboxylic acid. Its general structure is R-CO-NH-OH, with an R as an organic residue. Ferrioxamine is catalyzed by fhuF. The phenotype of fhuF mutants and the structural features of the FhuF protein suggest that FhuF is involved in the reduction of ferric iron in cytoplasmic ferrioxamine B. (PMID: 9990318) Insertional inactivation and gene replacement of both genes showed that while FhuD2 is involved in the transport of iron(III) in complex with ferrichrome, ferrioxamine B, aerobactin, and coprogen. FhuD1 shows a more limited substrate range, capable of only iron(III)-ferrichrome and iron(III)-ferrioxamine B transport in S.(PMID: 11489851) Removal of iron from coprogen, ferrichrome, and ferrioxamine B was significantly lower in fhuF mutants compared to the corresponding parental strains, which suggested that FhuF is involved in iron removal from these hydroxamate-type siderophores.(PMID: 14756576). 
it is a calcitriol analog for inhibition of prostate cell growth; in phase II clinical trial in patients with benign prostate hyperplasia (4/2004). 
it is a member of naphthalenes, a ring assembly and a member of benzenes. it is a triphenylethylene nonsteroidal agent that acts as a partial estrogen antagonist. it competes with endogenous estrogen for binding to specific estrogen receptors. This agent also inhibits angiogenesis in some tissues by blocking the effects of fibroblast growth factor (FGF) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF); paradoxically, it may enhance angiogenesis in uterine tissue. it also induces oxidative stress, protein kinase C and calcium signaling. (NCI04) 
(5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)-icosapentaenoylethanolamine is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine that is the ethanolamide of (5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z17Z)-eicosapentaenoic acid. It has a role as a PPARgamma agonist. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine, an endocannabinoid, a N-(polyunsaturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine and a N-acylethanolamine 20:5. It derives from an all-cis-5,8,11,14,17-icosapentaenoic acid. 
it is a organic heterohexacyclic compound and diterpene alkaloid isolated from Aconitum anthora. In solution, it is a 2:1 mixture of readily interconvertible epimers at position 20 (the carbon attached to both the nitrogen and an oxygen atom). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a diterpene alkaloid, a terpene alkaloid fundamental parent, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a secondary alcohol. 
it(1+) is an alpha-amino-acid cation. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). It is a conjugate acid of a histidine. 
it is an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid. It is a member of n-3 PUFA and a product of alpha-linolenoic acid metabolism. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA and a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from an all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a iridoid monoterpenoid glycoside isolated from Galium verum. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an iridoid monoterpenoid, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, an acetate ester and a gamma-lactone. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 5,7-dinitro-8-hydroxynaphthalene-2-sulfonic acid. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a flavianate. 
it is under investigation for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. it has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus and Type2 Diabetes Mellitus. 
Propyleneglycol diacetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. Propyleneglycol diacetate exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, propyleneglycol diacetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Propyleneglycol diacetate has an acetic and fruity taste. 
Toluene-2,4-diisocyanate appears as colorless to yellow or dark liquid or solid with a sweet, fruity, pungent odor. Melting point 68Â°F (20Â° C). Evolves CO2 when moist. This can cause over-pressurization in an enclosed space.Toxic and carcinogenic. Used in polyurethane foams, coatings in floor and wood finishes, sealers, paints, concrete sealers for aircraft and tank trucks, elastomers in clay pipe seals, elastomers and coatings, and crosslinking agent for nylon.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Hours - weeks  Odor threshold: 0.4 - 2 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Polyurethane (wood coatings, foam), nylon industries; skin irritant. Toluene 2,4-diisocyanate is a toluene meta-diisocyanate in which the isocyanato groups are at positions 2 and 4 relative to the methyl group on the benzene ring. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. Toluene Diisocyanate is a synthetic mixture of the 2,4- and 2,6-isomers is a volatile, colorless to pale yellow liquid that is soluble in many organic solvents. These isomers are used primarily in the synthesis of polyurethane foams. When heated to decomposition, toluene diisocyanate emits toxic fumes of cyanides and nitrogen oxides. Exposure of humans to toluene diisocyanate causes tissue irritation, especially to the mucous membranes, and can produce severe respiratory problems. These isomers are reasonably anticipated to be human carcinogens. (NCI05) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others. it (it) is a p38 MAP-kinase inhibitor that has potential uses in inflammatory conditions such as RA (Rheumatoid Arthritis). Previous p38 MAP-kinase inhibitors have been hindered in development by liver toxicity. Methotrexate (common treatment for RA patients) also has potential liver toxicity.} 
it is a diterpene glycoside that is rubusoside in which the hydroxy group at position 2 of the allylic beta-D-glucoside has been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucoside. It is a natural herbal sweetener that is 250-300 times sweeter than sucrose (though with a bitter aftertaste), extracted from the Stevia rebaudiana plant native to South America. It has a role as a sweetening agent, an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, a hypoglycemic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a diterpene glycoside, an ent-kaurane diterpenoid, a beta-D-glucoside, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a bridged compound. It derives from a steviol and a rubusoside. 
it, also known as calenduloside C, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of carboxylic acid and phosphate functions of (R)-5-diphosphomevalonic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-5-diphosphomevalonic acid. 
it is a tripeptide composed of three L-proline units joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-proline. 
it is a N-acyl homoserine lactone that is the monocarboxylic acid amide arising from formal condensation of homoserine lactone with 3-oxododecanoic acid. 
it is a synthetic quinolinone derivative, antihypertensive it is a nonselective beta-adrenoceptor blocking agent for beta-1 and beta-2 receptors with no membrane-stabilizing activity but moderate intrinsic sympathomimetic effects. It is used for treatment of hypertension and certain arrhythmias, and as an anti-angina and antiglaucoma agent. (NCI04) 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of octanoic acid (caprylic acid); believed to block adipogenesis. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a fatty acid anion 8:0 and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an octanoic acid. 
Avenacoside a belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Avenacoside a is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Avenacoside a has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, avenacoside a is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, avenacoside a can be found in cereals and cereal products and oat. This makes avenacoside a a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Any of several related compounds or a mixture thereof. A liquid or solid dissolved in a liquid carrier; the carrier is water emulsifiable (Farm Chemicals Handbook p. C145, 1995). Toxic by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. The primary hazard is the flammability of the carrier. Obtain the technical name of the material from the shipping paper and contact CHEMTREC, 800-424-9300 for specific response information. 
it is a 2-[benzyl(phenyl)amino]ethyl 5-(5,5-dimethyl-2-oxido-1,3,2-dioxaphosphinan-2-yl)-2,6-dimethyl-4-(3-nitrophenyl)-1,4-dihydropyridine-3-carboxylate that has (S)-configuration. It is a blocker of L- and T-type Ca(2+) channels. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-efonidipine. 
it appears as white to off-white crystals or powder with a fishy odor. Initial pH (2% aqueous solution) 3.0-4.0. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt of mechlorethamine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It contains a mechlorethamine. Mechlorethamine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of mechlorethamine, a nitrogen mustard and an analogue of sulfur mustard, with antineoplastic and immunosuppressive activities. Mechlorethamine is metabolized to an unstable, highly reactive ethyleniminium intermediate that alkylates DNA, particularly the 7 nitrogen of guanine residues, resulting in DNA base pair mismatching, DNA interstrand crosslinking, the inhibition of DNA repair and synthesis, cell-cycle arrest, and apoptosis. This agent also exhibits lympholytic properties. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with cyclohexanol. It is a metabolite of the commonly used plasticiser dicyclohexyl phthalate. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a cyclohexanol. 
it is the product resulting from the formal oxidative coupling of position 5 of 5H-dibenzo[a,d]cycloheptene with position 4 of 1-methylpiperidine resulting in the formation of a double bond between the two fragments. It is a sedating antihistamine with antimuscarinic and calcium-channel blocking actions. It is used (particularly as the hydrochloride sesquihydrate) for the relief of allergic conditions including rhinitis, conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, urticaria and angioedema, and in pruritic skin disorders. Unlike other antihistamines, it is also a seratonin receptor antagonist, making it useful in conditions such as vascular headache and anorexia. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, an antipruritic drug, an anti-allergic agent and a gastrointestinal drug. It is a member of piperidines and a tertiary amine. 
(+)-it is a sesquiterpene lactone obtained from sweet wormwood, Artemisia annua, which is used as an antimalarial for the treatment of multi-drug resistant strains of falciparum malaria. It has a role as an antimalarial and a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene lactone and an organic peroxide. 
it is a choline in which one of the methyl carbons is replaced by an (11)C isotope. An intravenous radioactive diagnostic agent used (in the form of its chloride salt) as a tracer during positron emission tomography scans to help detect sites of recurrent prostate cancer. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent and a radioactive tracer. It is a member of cholines and an (11)C-modified compound. Carbon C 11 Choline is a radiotracer consisting of choline labeled with the positron-emitting isotope carbon C 11 with potential imaging use. Upon administration, C-11 choline incorporates into tumor cells through an active, carrier-mediated transport mechanism for choline and then is phosphorylated intracellularly by choline kinase, an enzyme frequently upregulated in human tumors, yielding phosphoryl C-11 choline. In turn, phosphoryl C-11 choline is integrated into phospholipids in the cell membrane as part of phosphatidylcholine. As the proliferation of cancer cells is much higher than normal cells, tumor cells exhibit an increased rate of C-11 choline uptake and incorporation, allowing tumor imaging with positron emission tomography (PET). 
it is a silver-white blue tinged lustrous metallic solid. (NTP, 1992) it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 48, and atomic weight 112.4. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a thujene that is a bicyclic monoterpene isolated from the essential oils of various plant species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a cyanopyrrolidine-based, orally bioavailable inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. it's cyano moiety undergoes hydrolysis and this inactive metabolite is excreted mainly via the urine. 
it is a dibenzodioxocine that is 5H,7H-dibenzo[b,g][1,5]dioxocin-5-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 11, a (1S)-1-hydroxy-3-methylbutyl group at position 3 and a methoxy and a methyl group at positions 4 and 9 respectively. It is isolated from the culture broth of Penicillium asperosporum and acts as an acyl-CoA:cholesterol acyltransferase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.26 (sterol O-acyltransferase) inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a lactone, a secondary alcohol and a dibenzodioxocine. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the tetrasodium salt of 3-hydroxy-4-({2-sulfo-4-[(4-sulfophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl}diazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a it(4-). 
A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects. Pilocarpine is used as a miotic and in the treatment of glaucoma. 
it is a delta-lactone that is D-glucono-1,4-lactone in which the hydroxy group at position 6 has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It is a delta-lactone and an aldarolactone. It derives from a D-glucono-1,4-lactone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a galactopyranose having D-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it and a galactopyranose. 
Narirutin, also known as isonaringenin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid-7-o-glycosides. These are phenolic compounds containing a flavonoid moiety which is O-glycosidically linked to carbohydrate moiety at the C7-position. Narirutin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, narirutin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Narirutin is a bland tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), peppermint, pummelo, and lime. This makes narirutin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of resorcinols that is phloroglucinol in which one of the phenolic hydrogens has been replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. It is a member of resorcinols and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and methoxy groups at positions 2' and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dimethoxyflavanone and a dihydroxyflavanone. It derives from a flavanone. 
it is a synthetic derivative of dioxolo-benzodiazepine with anti-seizure activity. it antagonizes the AMPA (alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid) subtype of glutamate excitatory amino acid receptors and may inhibit the growth of gliomas by interfering with neurotransmitters involved in brain tumor growth. This agent may also protect against traumatic brain injury. 
it is currently being studied for the treatment of pancreatic, lung, breast, prostate, melanoma, and multiple myeloma cancers. It belongs to the family of drugs called cyanoaziridine derivatives. Also called Amplimexon. it is a cyanoaziridine derivative. it is a thiol-binding small molecule which induces mitochondrial oxidation, a loss of membrane potential and cytochrome C, leading to apoptosis. 
Budesonide is a corticosteroid that undergoes high first pass elimination by the liver so that systemic levels after oral administration are minimal. Budesonide has been used orally for several immune mediated gastrointestinal and liver diseases and as nasal spray or by inhalation for allergic rhinitis, asthma and chronic obstructive lung disease. Neither inhalant nor oral budesonide has been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to convincing instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is a nitrile sulfide, a hydracid and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a thiofulminate. It is a tautomer of an isoit. 
it is a it obtained by formal condensation of the gamma-carboxy group of L-glutamic acid with the amino group of L-alanine. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a water soluble, 5-nitroimidazole compound with antibacterial and potential radiosensitizing activity. As an oxygen mimetic, it induces free radical formation and is able to sensitize hypoxic cells to the cytotoxic effects of ionizing radiation. This prevents DNA repair and thus enhances damage to DNA strands; eventually, leading to tumor cell death. it is less active but also less toxic than the 2-nitroimidazole compounds, misonidazole and etanidazole. 
it is the anion of 3-fluoropyruvic acid. It derives from a pyruvate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-fluoropyruvic acid. 
it is a member of the juvenile hormone family of compounds that is the methyl ester of (2E,6E,10R,11S)-10,11-epoxy-3,7,11-trimethyltrideca-2,6-dienoic acid. It is a fatty acid methyl ester, an epoxide, an enoate ester and a juvenile hormone. 
it is a C-nitro compound comprising trans-cinnamic acid having a nitro group at position 3 on the phenyl ring. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
it is the L-enantiomer of arabinitol. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a D-arabinitol. 
Asparagine is an alpha-amino acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-carbon of glycine is substituted by a 2-amino-2-oxoethyl group. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide and a polar amino acid. It contains a 2-amino-2-oxoethyl group. It is a conjugate base of an asparaginium. It is a conjugate acid of an asparaginate. 
it is an aminopyridine and a member of thiazolidinediones. It has a role as an insulin-sensitizing drug. it is an agent belonging to the glitazone class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic and anti-inflammatory activities. In addition to its selective affinity for peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) gamma and its ability to lower blood glucose levels, it also exerts anti-inflammatory activity through its ability to inhibit nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-KB) activity and increase I-kappaB levels. In addition, it may cause fluid retention and may worsen congestive heart failure. This agent is also associated with an increased risk of heart attacks. 
it, also known as 1, 3-dipropylacetonyl 2-methyl-3-furyl sulfide or fema 3571, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-[(2-methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-5-nonanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a meaty and roasted taste. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Slightly soluble in water. The primary hazard is the potential for environmental damage if released. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used to make other chemicals, as a food preservative, and for other uses. it is a compound comprising a benzene ring core carrying a carboxylic acid substituent. It has a role as an antimicrobial food preservative, an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite, an algal metabolite and a drug allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a benzoate. 
it is 2-[(2R)-1-Methylpyrrolidin-2-yl]ethanol in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group is substituted by a 1-(4-chlorophenyl)-1-phenylethyl group (R configuration). An antihistamine with antimuscarinic and moderate sedative properties, it is used as its fumarate salt for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions such as rhinitis, urticaria, conjunctivitis and in pruritic (severe itching) skin conditions. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent, a muscarinic antagonist and an antipruritic drug. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
C. i. acid green 50, also known as FOOD green S or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sulfonated stilbenes. These are stilbenes that carry a sulfone group at one or more positions of either benzene rings. C. i. acid green 50 is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, c. i. acid green 50 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as macc, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-l-alpha-amino acids. These are n-acylated alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-(malonylamino)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-(malonylamino)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid can be found in cereals and cereal products and garden tomato. This makes 1-(malonylamino)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-(difluoromethyl)-1-methylpyrazole-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 3',4',5'-trifluorobiphenyl-2-amine. Used to control a number of cereal fungal pathogens including those belonging to the Ascomycetes, Basidiomycetes and Zygomycetes families. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic amide, a member of biphenyls, a member of pyrazoles, a trifluorobenzene and an anilide fungicide. 
it is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonist, with hypoglycemic activity. In addition to its beneficial effects on glucose and triglyceride (TG) plasma levels, it also decreases body weight gain and adiposity. 
it is an immunoconjugate consisting of an anti-CD19 monoclonal antibody conjugated to the auristatin derivative monomethyl auristatin F (MMAF), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration of denintuzumab mafodotin, the antibody moiety targets the cell surface antigen CD19, found on a number of B-cell-derived cancers. Upon antibody/antigen binding and internalization, the immunoconjugate releases MMAF, which binds to tubulin and inhibits its polymerization. Inhibition of tubulin polymerization may result in G2/M phase arrest and tumor cell apoptosis. This causes inhibition of cell growth of CD19-expressing tumor cells. CD19, a B-cell antigen, is overexpressed by a variety of different cancer cell types. Depatuxizumab Mafodotin is an epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon intravenous infusion, depatuxizumab mafodotin inhibits the activity of EGFR, thereby preventing EGFR-mediated signaling. This may inhibit tumor growth in EGFR-overexpressing tumor cells. EGFR, a receptor tyrosine kinase overexpressed in certain tumor cell types, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization. it is an antibody-drug conjugate (ADC) consisting of a humanized monoclonal antibody, directed against the extracellular domain of the human CD70 molecule, conjugated to the auristatin analogue monomethyl auristatin phenylalanine (MMAF), with potential antineoplastic activity. The anti-CD70 antibody moiety of it selectively binds to the extracellular domain of CD70 on tumor cell surfaces. Upon internalization, the MMAF moiety is released, binds to tubulin and inhibits its polymerization, which may result in G2/M phase arrest, tumor cell apoptosis and inhibition of cellular proliferation in tumor cells that overexpress CD70. CD70, the ligand for the costimulatory receptor CD27 and a member of the tumor necrosis factor (TNF) family, is found on the surfaces of various types of cancer cells. 
it is a it that is the conjugate base of all-trans-retinoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an all-trans-retinoic acid. 
it is an aryl sulfide that is used (as its mesylate salt) for treatment of HIV and also exhibits some anticancer properties. It has a role as a HIV protease inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of benzamides, a member of phenols, an aryl sulfide, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and an organic heterobicyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic antiviral agent that selectively binds to and inhibits human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease. it has activity against HIV 1 and 2. 
it is a terminal acetylenic compound that is (17alpha)-17-ethynylestra-1(10),2,4-triene substituted by a methoxy group at position 3 and a hydroxy group at position 17. It has a role as a prodrug and a xenoestrogen. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. it is a semisynthetic estrogen. Metabolized by the liver to ethynyl estradiol, it serves as the estrogen component in several combination oral contraceptives. (NCI04) 
it is an azaspiro compound that is 1,3,6,8-tetraazaspiro[4.4]non-6-ene which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2, 4, and 9. Both enantiomers are highly mutagenic products resulting from the oxidation of guanine and 8-oxo-7,8-dihydroguanine in DNA by reactive oxygen species. It has a role as a mutagen. It derives from a hydantoin. 
it, also known as it or phe-ala, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Hepatitis C, Chronic Hepatitis C, Hepatitis C, Chronic, Chronic Hepatitis C Infection, and Chronic Genotype 1 Hepatitis C Virus Infection. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-amino ketones. These are ketones containing a carboxylic acid, and an amine group attached to the alpha carbon atom relative to C=O group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an N(2)-acetylglutamine that has D-configuration. It is a N-acetyl-D-amino acid and a N(2)-acetylglutamine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-D-glutaminate. It is an enantiomer of a N-acetyl-L-glutamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
4-aminophenylalanine is a phenylalanine derivative that is phenylalanine carrying an amino group at position 4 on the benzene ring. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a phenylalanine derivative and a substituted aniline. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of quinolines, a monocarboxylic acid and an aliphatic sulfide. It has a role as a leukotriene antagonist, an anti-asthmatic drug and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a selective cysteinyl leukotriene receptor antagonist with anti-inflammatory and bronchodilating activities. Upon administration, it selectively and competitively blocks the cysteinyl leukotriene 1 (CysLT1) receptor, preventing binding of the inflammatory mediator leukotriene D4 (LTD4). Inhibition of LTD4 activity results in inhibition of leukotriene-mediated inflammatory events including migration of eosinophils and neutrophils, adhesion of leukocytes to vascular endothelium, monocyte and neutrophil aggregation, increased airway edema, increased capillary permeability, and bronchoconstriction. The CysLT1 receptor is found in a number of tissues including spleen, lung, placenta, small intestine, and nasal mucosa, and in a variety of cell types including monocyte/macrophages, mast cells, eosinophils, CD34-positive hemopoietic progenitor cells, neutrophils and endothelial cells. 
it is a daphnane-type orthoester diterpene with potential cholesterol-lowering activity, found exclusively in plants of the family Thymelaeaceae. It is a diterpene alkaloid, an ortho ester, an epoxide and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a daphnane. 
Melleolide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as melleolides and analogues. Melleolides and analogues are compounds with a structure characterized by the presence of a 2-hydroxy-4-methoxy-6-methylbenzoic acid derivative linked to a 3, 6, 6, 7b-tetramethyl-cyclobuta[e]indene moiety. Melleolide exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, melleolide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, melleolide can be found in mushrooms. This makes melleolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as p 4000 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitrophenyl ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing a nitrobenzene moiety that carries an ether group on the benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02994927 (A Phase 3 Clinical Trial of it (it) in Patients With ANCA-Associated Vasculitis). 
it, also known as butyl isopropyl ketone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fruity, green, and leafy taste. 
it appears as a white crystalline substance. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a member of the class of chlorobenzenes that is benzene in which all of the hydrogens are replaced by chlorines. An agricultural fungicide introduced in the mid-1940s and formerly used as a seed treatment, its use has been banned since 1984 under the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant, a carcinogenic agent and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of chlorobenzenes and an aromatic fungicide. it is a stable, white, crystalline chlorinated hydrocarbon that emits very toxic fumes of carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, hydrochloric acid and other chlorinated compounds when heated to decomposition. it was used as a fungicide and was also used as a chemical intermediate in the manufacture of dyes, synthesis of organic chemicals, rubber and in wood preservation. Prolonged oral exposure to this substance results in a liver disease with associated skin lesions. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on association between thyroid, liver and kidney cancer and oral exposure in animals. (NCI05) 
it is a (6E)-7-[3-(4-fluorophenyl)-1-(propan-2-yl)-1H-indol-2-yl]-3,5-dihydroxyhept-6-enoic acid diastereoisomer in which both chiral centres have S configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (3R,5R,6E)-7-[3-(4-fluorophenyl)-1-(propan-2-yl)-1H-indol-2-yl]-3,5-dihydroxyhept-6-enoic acid. it is a synthetic lipid-lowering agent with antilipidemic and potential antineoplastic properties. it competitively inhibits hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses through the suppression of MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. Due to its anti-inflammatory effects mediated by alterations of lipid metabolism, it may possess chemopreventive and therapeutic antineoplastic properties. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-methyl-1,2,3-thiadiazole-5-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 3-chloro-4-methylaniline. It is a fungicide used particularly for the control of fungal diseases in rice. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of thiadiazoles, an organosulfur compound and an anilide fungicide. 
it, also known as kenimbidine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Developed by Achaogen biopharmaceuticals, it is a next-generation aminoglycoside synthetically derived from [DB12604]. The structure of it was established via appending hydroxylaminobutyric acid to [DB12604] at position 1 and 2-hydroxyethyl group at position 6'. It was designed to evade all clinically relevant aminoglycoside-modifying enzymes, which contribute to the main resistance mechanism for aminoglycoside therapy. However, acquired resistance of aminoglycosides may arise through over expression of efflux pumps and ribosomal modification by bacteria, which results from amino acid or rRNA sequence mutations. Like other aminoglycosides, it is ineffective against bacterial isolates that produce 16S rRNA methyltransferases. it mediates the antibacterial activity against pathogens including carbapenem-resistant (CRE) and extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL) producing Enterobacteriaceae. It mediates the antibacterial activity by binding to bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and inhibiting protein synthesis. On June 28th, 2018, it sulfate was approved by the FDA for use in adult patients for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI) including Pyelonephritis. It is marketed as Zemdri and is administered via once-daily intravenous infusion. 
it is a thiouridine that is 2-thiouridine bearing an additional methoxycarbonylmethyl substituent at position 5 on the thiouracil ring. It is a thiouridine and a methyl ester. 
it is a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone having the four hydroxy groups at the 1-, 2-, 5- and 8-positions. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. 
A bacteriostatic antibiotic macrolide produced by Streptomyces erythreus. Erythromycin A is considered its major active component. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding process inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. 
4-ethylamino-6-isopropylamino-1,3,5-triazin-2-ol is a monohydroxy-1,3,5-triazine that is atrazine in which the chloro group has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a monohydroxy-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from an atrazine. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a 2-naphthoate. It is a conjugate base of a 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoic acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of suberic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a it. It is a conjugate base of a sebacic acid. 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is p-benzoquinone in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 6 have been replaced by chlorines. A highly toxic and carcinogenic disinfection by-product found in drinking water. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a poison. It is a member of 1,4-benzoquinones and an organochlorine compound. 
Amaralin is an azulenofuran that is decahydrooxireno[1,2]azuleno[6,5-b]furan-5(1aH)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 8, methyl groups at positions 2 and 7a and a methylidene group at position 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene lactone and an azulenofuran. 
it is an aromatic amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 1-methylcyclohexanecarboxylic acid with the amino group of 4-amino-2,3-dichlorophenol. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.72 (methylsterol monooxygenase) inhibitor, a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of phenols, an aromatic amide, a dichlorobenzene and an anilide fungicide. 
it is a member of the class of N-nitrosoureas that is 1,3-bis(2-chloroethyl)urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a nitroso group. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of N-nitrosoureas and an organochlorine compound. it is an antineoplastic nitrosourea. it alkylates and cross-links DNA during all phases of the cell cycle, resulting in disruption of DNA function, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. This agent also carbamoylates proteins, including DNA repair enzymes, resulting in an enhanced cytotoxic effect. it is highly lipophilic and crosses the blood-brain barrier readily. (NCI04) 
Sitagliptin Phosphate is the phosphate salt form of sitagliptin, an orally available, competitive, beta-amino acid-derived inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DDP-4) with hypoglycemic activity. Sitagliptin may cause an increased risk in the development of pancreatitis. 
2-methylthio-1,3-benzothiazole is an organic sulfide that is the methyl thioether of 1,3-benzothiazole-2-thiol. It has a role as an aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of benzothiazoles and a methyl sulfide. It derives from a hydride of a benzothiazole. 
All-trans-it is an all-trans-retinyl ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of dodecanoic (lauric) acid with the hydroxy group of all-trans-retinol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is an all-trans-retinyl ester and a dodecanoic acid. 
p-Mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol, also known as limonen-4-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. p-Mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, p-mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, p-mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol can be found in a number of food items such as pepper (spice), citrus, spearmint, and caraway. This makes p-mentha-1, 8-dien-4-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-hydroxymyristic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion and a 2-hydroxy fatty acid anion 14:0. It derives from a tetradecanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxymyristic acid. 
it is a water-soluble taurine-based nitrosourea with potential antineoplastic activity. it alkylates DNA and causes DNA cross links independent of cell cycle, thereby resulting in disruption of DNA function and induction of apoptosis. 
2-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)hexanenitrile is a nitrile that is hexanenitrile substituted at the 2-position by p-chlorophenyl and (1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)methyl groups. It is a nitrile, a member of triazoles and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a glycosylfructose that is D-fructofuranose attached to a alpha-D-glucopyranosyl unit at position 6 via a glycosidic linkage. It is found in honey and sugarcane. It has a role as a sweetening agent, an animal metabolite and a plant metabolite. 
it is a long chain fatty acid consisting of hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid carrying a methoxy substituent at position 2; naturally occurring only in the phospholipids of sponges. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is the bromide salt form of ipratropium, a synthetic derivative of the alkaloid atropine with anticholinergic properties. Ipratropium antagonizes the actions of acetylcholine at parasympathetic, postganglionic, effector-cell junctions. When inhaled, ipratropium binds competitively to cholinergic receptors in the bronchial smooth muscle thereby blocking the bronchoconstrictor actions of the acetylcholine mediated vagal impulses. Inhibition of the vagal tone leads to dilation of the large central airways resulting in bronchodilation. 
ite is a synthetic broad-spectrum fluorinated triazole with potential antifungal activity. ite preferentially inhibits fungal cytochrome P450 sterol 14 alpha-demethylase (CYP51), an enzyme responsible for the conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell membrane. Enzyme inhibition by this agent leads to a decrease in ergosterol pool that distresses synthesis of fungal cell membrane, thereby increases cell membrane permeability, and promotes loss of essential intracellular elements. This ultimately causes fungal cell lysis and death. 
it is an amino octasaccharide comprising four D-GlcNS(6S) residues, two D-GlcA(2S) residues and two D-GlcA residues (with one at the reducing end joined to 4-nitrophenol via a glycosidic linkage). It is an amino octasaccharide, a carbohydrate acid derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 
it, also known as it or 2-thiahexan-5-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an onion and sulfurous taste. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a 2-fluoro-5-methylphenyl group, while the other is substituted by a p-(3-amino-1H-indazol-4-yl)phenyl group. It is a potent, selective inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor and platelet-derived growth factor receptor tyrosine kinases. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an angiogenesis inhibitor. It is an aromatic amine, a member of indazoles and a member of phenylureas. it is an orally bioavailable receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits members of the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) receptor families; it exhibits much less activity against unrelated RTKs, soluble tyrosine kinases, or serine/threonine kinases. This agent does not have a general antiproliferative effect due to its high dose requirement. However, it may exhibit potent antiproliferative and apoptotic effects on tumor cells whose proliferation is dependent on mutant kinases, such as FMS-related tyrosine kinase receptor-3 (FLT3). 
Enoxolone is a pentacyclic triterpenoid aglycone metabolite of glycyrrhizin, which is a product of the plant Glycyrrhiza glabra (licorice), with potential expectorant, and gastrokinetic activities. After administration, enoxolone inhibits the metabolism of prostaglandins by both 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase [NAD(+)] and prostaglandin reductase 2. Therefore, this agent potentiates the activity of prostaglandin E2 and F2alpha, which inhibits gastric secretion while stimulating pancreatic secretion and the secretion of intestinal and respiratory mucus, leading to increased intestinal motility and antitussive effects. Additionally, this agent inhibits 11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase and other enzymes involved in the conversion of cortisol to cortisone in the kidneys. 
A molluscan neuroactive peptide which induces a fast excitatory depolarizing response due to direct activation of amiloride-sensitive SODIUM CHANNELS. (From Nature 1995; 378(6558): 730-3) 
it is an oxopurine that is 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione substituted by a methyl group at N-1. It is one of the metabolites of caffeine found in human urine. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. 
it is a it. It derives from a 2-aminopteridin-4-ol. It is a conjugate base of a 2-amino-6-{[(4-carboxyphenyl)amino]methyl}-4-hydroxypteridin-1-ium. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-{[(2-amino-4-hydroxypteridin-6-yl)methyl]amino}benzoate. It is a tautomer of a 4-{[(2-amino-4-oxo-3,4-dihydropteridin-6-yl)methyl]amino}benzoic acid and a 4-{[(2-amino-4-oxo-1,4-dihydropteridin-6-yl)methyl]amino}benzoic acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester obtained by condensation of the side-chain carboxy group of D-aspartic acid with methanol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a D-aspartic acid derivative and a dicarboxylic acid monoester. 
it, also known as fema 2810 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fatty and fruity taste. 
it is a diketone that is bornane bearing two oxo substituents at positions 2 and 6. It derives from a hydride of a bornane. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of methadone, a synthetic opioid with analgesic activity. Similar to morphine and other morphine-like agents, methadone mimics the actions of endogenous peptides at CNS opioid receptors, primarily the mu-receptor, resulting in characteristic morphine-like effects including analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia and physical dependence. Because of the prolonged half-life of methadone compared to other morphine-like agents such as heroin, the onset of opiate withdrawal symptoms is slower, the duration of opiate withdrawal is prolonged, and opiate withdrawal symptoms are less severe. 
it is a hydrate that is the dihydrate of amiloride hydrochloride. It has a role as a diuretic and a sodium channel blocker. It contains an amiloride hydrochloride. Amiloride Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of amiloride, a synthetic pyrazine derivative with antikaliuretic and diuretic properties. Amiloride inhibits sodium channels located in the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the kidney, thereby preventing the absorption of sodium and increasing its excretion along with water, to produce naturesis. In response to the hypernatremic conditions in the kidney, the plasma membrane becomes hyperpolarized and electrochemical forces are reduced, which then prevents the excretion of potassium and hydrogen into the lumen. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Commercial grade usually contains some chlorides of calcium and magnesium which absorb moisture and cause caking. (NTP, 1992) it is an inorganic chloride it having sodium(1+) as the counterion. It has a role as an emetic and a flame retardant. It is an inorganic chloride and an inorganic sodium it. it is a metal halide composed of sodium and chloride with sodium and chloride replacement capabilities. When depleted in the body, sodium must be replaced in order to maintain intracellular osmolarity, nerve conduction, muscle contraction and normal renal function. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweetish odor. Density 18.1 lb /gal. Slightly soluble in water. Soluble in most organic solvents and thinners. Noncombustible. Very toxic by inhalation, skin absorption or ingestion. Used as a solvent, scavenger for lead in gasoline, grain fumigant and in the manufacture of other chemicals. it is a bromoalkane that is ethane carrying bromo substituents at positions 1 and 2. It is produced by marine algae. It has a role as a fumigant, a carcinogenic agent, a marine metabolite, an algal metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a mutagen. It is a bromohydrocarbon and a bromoalkane. Ethylene Dibromide is a clear, colorless, volatile liquid brominated hydrocarbon with a mild, sweet, chloroform-like odor that emits corrosive and toxic fumes when heated to decomposition. it is used as a chemical intermediate in the synthesis of resins, waxes, gums, dyes and pharmaceuticals and is used to produce vinyl bromide. Exposure to ethylene dibromide severely irritates the skin and causes depression and collapse. it affects DNA integrity by alkylation and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. 
it is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid comprising heptanoic acid which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It derives from a heptanoic acid. 
Trichodermin is a tetracyclic spiroepoxide which acts as an antifungal and protein synthesis inhibitor. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an epoxide and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it appears as a yellow-red, oily, fuming liquid with a sharp odor. Contact or ingestion causes irritation or chemical burns to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Also poisonous by inhalation of vapors. 
it is the conjugate base of oxaluric acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an oxaluric acid. 
Beta-D-Galp-(1->3)-[alpha-L-Fucp-(1->4)]-D-GlcpNAc is an amino trisaccharide consisting of N-acetylglucosamine having a fucosyl residue attached at the 4-position via an alpha-linkage and a galactosyl residue attached at the 3-position via a beta-linkage. It has a role as an epitope and an antigen. It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is a member of the class of 2-pyranones that is 2H-pyran-2-one which has been substituted at positions 4 and 6 by hydroxy and pyridin-3-yl groups, respectively. It is a member of 2-pyranones and a member of pyridines. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxo-6-(pyridin-3-yl)-2H-pyran-4-olate. 
N-{4-[2-ethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butyl]phenyl}-1,3-benzothiazol-2-amine is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is 2-amino-1,3-benzothiazole in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 4-[2-ethyl-1-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butyl]phenyl group. It is a member of triazoles, a member of benzothiazoles, an aromatic amine and a secondary amino compound. 
Beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosyl-(1<->1)-N-docosanoylsphingosine is a beta-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosyl-(1<->1')-N-acylsphingosine in which the acyl group specified is docosanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a docosanoic acid. 
it is the bis(quaternary ammonium) dication obtained by N,N'-dimethylation of the N,N'-bis[3-(dimethylamino)phenyl carbamate] derivative of 2,13-diazatetradecane. It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a carbamate ester. it is a quaternary ammonium compound that serves as a long-acting cholinesterase inhibitor with parasympathomimetic activity. When used topically, it inactivates both pseudocholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase, thereby preventing acetylcholine breakdown and increasing acetylcholine activity. This causes contraction of the iris sphincter muscle (producing miosis) and the ciliary muscle (affecting the accommodation reflex). In so doing, this agent increases the outflow of the aqueous humor, thereby reducing intraocular pressure. 
it appears as a clear, colorless liquid with an odor of camphor. Slightly soluble in water. it is a tertiary alcohol that is propan-1-ol in which both of the hydrogens at position 1 have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a protic solvent. It is a tertiary alcohol and an aliphatic alcohol. 
it is a tetramethoxyflavone that is the 3,6,7,3'-tetramethyl ether derivative of quercetagetin. It has a role as an antiviral agent and a plant metabolite. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a quercetagetin. 
it is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as tetracosanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a N-acylsphingosine, a Cer(d42:1) and a N-(very-long-chain fatty acyl)-sphingoid base. It derives from a tetracosanoic acid. 
Semisynthetic ampicillin-derived acylureido penicillin. It has been proposed for infections with certain anaerobes and may be useful in inner ear, bile, and CNS infections. 
it is an oxabicycloalkane consisting of p-menthane with an epoxy bridge across positions 1 and 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fumigant insecticide and a central nervous system depressant. It is a cineole and an oxabicycloalkane. 
it is an aminopyrimidine antibiotic whose structure consists of pyrimidine 2,4-diamine and 1,2,3-trimethoxybenzene moieties linked by a methylene bridge. It has a role as an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a drug allergen, an antibacterial drug and a diuretic. It is a member of methoxybenzenes and an aminopyrimidine. it is a synthetic derivative of trimethoxybenzyl-pyrimidine with antibacterial and antiprotozoal properties. As a pyrimidine inhibitor of bacterial dihydrofolate reductase, it binds tightly to the bacterial enzyme, blocking the production of tetrahydrofolic acid from dihydrofolic acid. The antibacterial activity of this agent is potentiated by sulfonamides. (NCI04) 
1-(ethoxymethyl)-5-isopropyl-6-(phenylsulfanyl)uracil is a pyrimidone that is uracil in which positions 1, 5, and 6 are substituted by ethoxymethyl, isopropyl, and phenylsulfanyl groups, respectively. It is an aryl sulfide and a pyrimidone. It derives from a uracil. 
Mixtures of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). They have been used in the treatment of hypertension but have largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. 
it is an arabidopside that is arabidopside B in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group at position 6 of the beta-D-galactosyl moiety is replaced by an alpha-D-galactosyl group. It is an arabidopside, a beta-D-galactoside, a diester, a glycosylgalactose derivative and a glycoglycerolipid. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester of 10-undecenoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 10-undecenoic acid. 
1-(4-chlorophenoxy)-1-(1H-imidazol-1-yl)-3,3-dimethylbutan-2-one is a ketone that is butan-2-one substituted by a 4-chlorophenoxy and a 1H-imidazol-1-yl group at position 1 and 2 methyl groups at position 3. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of imidazoles, an aromatic ether, a ketone and a hemiaminal ether. 
it is a short-chain, methyl-branched fatty acyl-CoA that is the S-isobutyryl derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acyl-CoA and a methyl-branched fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a coenzyme A and an isobutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax species that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy group at position 20 has been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranoside, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a hepatoprotective agent, an anti-allergic agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
Zeolites. A group of crystalline, hydrated alkali-aluminum silicates. They occur naturally in sedimentary and volcanic rocks, altered basalts, ores, and clay deposits. Some 40 known zeolite minerals and a great number of synthetic zeolites are available commercially. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) 
it is a 5-[2-(dimethylamino)ethyl]-2-(4-methoxyphenyl)-4-oxo-2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1,5-benzothiazepin-3-yl acetate in which both stereocentres have R configuration. It is a cGMP-activated K+ channel blocker. It has a role as a potassium channel blocker. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a diltiazem. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03155945 (Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Efficacy of it in Subjects With Crohn's Disease Experiencing Abdominal Pain). 
it is a compound consisting of the mustard agent ifosforamide conjugated to glucose, with potential alkylating activity. it is cleaved by glucosidases in tumor cells and forms ifosforamide. In turn, ifosforamide alkylates and forms DNA crosslinks, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and subsequent cell growth. The glucose moiety may enhance this agent's uptake by tumor cells. 
it is a cyanine dye and an organic iodide salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a pinacyanol cation. 
Neomycin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of neomycin, a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces fradiae with antibacterial activity. Neomycin is an antibiotic complex consisting of 3 components: the two isomeric components B and C are the active components, and neomycin A is the minor component. Neomycin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, neomycin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it is a citrate(2-) that is the conjugate base of 3,4-dicarboxy-3-hydroxybutanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-carboxy-2-(carboxymethyl)-2-hydroxypropanoate and a 3,4-dicarboxy-3-hydroxybutanoate. It is a tautomer of a 3-carboxy-3-hydroxypentanedioate. 
it is a white crystalline solid, also reported as a colorless oil, colorless. Used as an insecticide and acaricide (kills beetles, ticks, mites, etc.). (EPA, 1998) 
it is a nucleobase analogue obtained by addition of an etheno group across positions 1 and N2 of guanine. It is an imidazopurine and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a guanine. 
it appears as colorless crystals or black solid. Used as a pre- or post-emergence herbicide. it is an organic molecular entity. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a herbicide. it is a white, crystalline, solid, combustible, chlorinated compound. it was used as an herbicide, but is no longer used or manufactured in the United States. Exposure to it irritates the skin, eyes and respiratory tract and affects the blood and central nervous system. This substance is teratogenic and carcinogenic in animals and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a monounsaturated fatty acid that is oct-6-enoic acid carrying methyl groups at positions 3 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a flavouring agent. It is a monoterpenoid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a monounsaturated fatty acid. It derives from a citronellal. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthopyrans. Naphthopyrans are compounds containing a pyran ring fused to a naphthalene moiety. Furan is a 6 membered-ring non-aromatic ring with five carbon and one oxygen atoms. Naphthalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon made up of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, diosbulbin g is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, diosbulbin g can be found in root vegetables. This makes diosbulbin g a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a quinolone consisting of quinolin-4(1H)-one carrying a heptyl substituent at position 2. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an iron chelator, a signalling molecule and a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a 2-heptyl-4-hydroxyquinoline. 
it is a xanthene dye that is fluorescein bearing bromine substituents at positions 2', 4', 5' and 7' (on the xanthene ring) and chlorine substituents at position 2, 3, 4, and 5 (on the phenyl ring). The disodium salt is the biological stain 'phloxine B'. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organobromine compound, a member of benzoic acids, a tetrachlorobenzene, a member of phenols and a xanthene dye. It derives from a fluorescein. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it, also known as 2-butanoylfuran or propyl furyl ketone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a balsamic tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products and coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
The combination of amoxicillin and clavulanate is an oral antibiotic widely used in the treatment of mild-to-moderate bacterial infections including sinusitis, bronchitis, otitis media, cellulitis and community acquired pneumonia. Amoxicillin-clavulanate is currently the most common cause of clinically apparent, drug induced acute liver injury both in the United States and Europe. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 5 and 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4-alkoxyphenols. These are phenols that carry an alkoxy group at the 4-position of the benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1,2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. It is known to target queuine tRNA-ribosyltransferase. 
it is an optically active form of it having L-configuration. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is a glutamine family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-glutamate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it. 
it is a single-stranded DNA polynucleotide consisting of a repeating unit of deoxyguanosine and 5-methyldeoxyadenosine residues, with all residues connected by 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. 
it is a 3-phenylpropionate ester. It has a role as an anabolic agent and an androgen. It derives from a nandrolone. 
Esomeprazole Magnesium is the magnesium salt of esomeprazole, the S-isomer of omeprazole, with gastric proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, esomeprazole is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulphenamide; the active sulphenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. 
it is the stable isotope of silicon with relative atomic mass 27.9769265. The most abundant (92.23 atom percent) isotope of naturally occurring silicon. 
it is 1H-Pyrrole substituted at C-2 and -5 by methyl groups, at C-3 by methoxycarbonyl and at C-4 by a 2-benzylbenzoyl group. It has a role as a calcium channel agonist. It is a member of pyrroles and a carboxylic ester. 
it is a carboxylic acid anion obtained by the removal of proton from the carboxy group of 4-phenylbutyric acid. It is a conjugate base of a 4-phenylbutyric acid. 
it is a dimethoxyflavone that is the 3,7-di-O-methyl derivative of quercetagetin. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetagetin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as colorless to yellow crystals. Used as a selective insecticide. it is a benzoylurea insecticide that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one of the nitrogens is replaced by a 4-chlorophenyl group, and a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen is replaced bgy a 2,6-difluorobenzoyl group. It has a role as an insect sterilant. It is a benzoylurea insecticide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 1,3-difluorobenzene. 
A type of asbestos that occurs in nature as the dihydrate of magnesium silicate. It exists in two forms: it, a plated variety, and chrysotile, a fibrous variety. The latter makes up 95% of all asbestos products. (From Merck Index, 11th ed, p.893) 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid with antimicrobial properties. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It is a spiro-epoxide, a secondary alcohol and a sesquiterpenoid. 
A polypeptide antibiotic mixture obtained from Bacillus brevis. It consists of a mixture of three tyrocidines (60%) and several gramicidins (20%) and is very toxic to blood, liver, kidneys, meninges, and the olfactory apparatus. It is used topically. 
it is a third-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
it appears as a water-white liquid. More dense than water. May be toxic by ingestion. Used in embalming fluids. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid turning violet on standing, even in the absence of air, and decomposing to a black resinous mass on long standing. Denser than water and poorly soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. A violent lachrymator--low concentrations are very irritating to the eyes; high concentrations or prolonged exposure at lower concentrations may have adverse health effects. Very toxic by inhalation. Contact with the liquid causes painful burns. Used as a chemical war gas. it is an alpha-bromoketone that is acetone in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a bromine atom. A poweful lachrymator, it was formerly used as a chemical weapon. It has a role as a lachrymator. It derives from an acetone. 
it is a colorless liquid. Mp: -44.3Â°C; bp: 171-172Â°C. Density 0.87 g cm-3 at 20Â°C). Water-soluble. Used in the manufacture of polyurethane foam. Excessive exposure leads to urologic and neurologic disorders. 
Chlorozotocin is a glucose-linked chloroethylnitrosourea with potential antineoplastic activity. Chlorozotocin alkylates DNA and proteins, induces the formation of interstrand DNA and DNA-protein crosslinks, and causes DNA strand breakage, thereby damaging DNA and resulting in cell death. This agent has been shown to exhibit antitumor and immunomodulatory effects in cell lines and animal models. Chlorozotocin is a mutagen and is less myelotoxic than other nitrosoureas. (NCI04) 
O-it is an alpha-amino acid that is homoserine in which the alcoholic hydroxy group has been converted to the corresponding acetate. It is an acetate ester and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a homoserine. It is a tautomer of an O-it zwitterion. 
it is the trans-isomer of aconitic acid. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is the fumarate salt form of quetiapine, a dibenzothiazepine derivative with antipsychotic property. it antagonizes serotonin activity mediated by 5-HT 1A and 5-HT2 receptors. With a lower affinity, this agent also reversibly binds to dopamine D1 and D2 receptors in the mesolimbic and mesocortical areas of the brain leading to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, it also binds to other alpha-1, alpha-2 adrenergic and histamine H1 receptors. 
it is a benzoate ester that is the methyl ester of 2-{[(4,6-dimethylpyrimidin-2-yl)carbamoyl]sulfamoyl}benzoic acid. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is a member of pyrimidines, a benzoate ester and a N-sulfonylurea. 
it is a member of the class of isoxazoles carrying hydroxy and methyl substituents at positions 3 and 5 respectively. It is used worldwide as a systemic soil and seed fungicide for the control of diseases caused by Fusarium, Aphanomyces, Pythium, and Corticium spp. in rice, sugarbeet, fodderbeet, vegetables, cucurbits, and ornamentals. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of isoxazoles and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. 
it is a gamma-amino acid that is cyclohexane substituted at position 1 by aminomethyl and carboxymethyl groups. Used for treatment of neuropathic pain and restless legs syndrome. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a calcium channel blocker, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyric acid. it is a synthetic analogue of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid with anticonvulsant activity. Although its exact mechanism of action is unknown, it appears to inhibit excitatory neuron activity. This agent also exhibits analgesic properties. (NCI04) 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-arginine, L-threonine and two L-cysteine units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-arginine, a L-threonine and a L-cysteine. 
it is a morpholine-based antiemetic, which is or the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. it is a selective high-affinity antagonist of human substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptors. It has a role as an antidepressant, an antiemetic, a peripheral nervous system drug, a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist and a substance P receptor antagonist. It is a member of triazoles, a member of morpholines, a cyclic acetal and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. it is a small molecule, high-affinity substance P antagonist (SPA) with antiemetic activity. Crossing the blood brain barrier, it binds selectively to the human substance P/neurokinin 1 receptor in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby inhibiting receptor binding of endogenous substance P and substance P-induced emesis. This agent has little or no affinity for serotonin type 3 (5-HT3), dopamine, and corticosteroid receptors. 
Beta-D-fructofuranose 2,6-bisphosphate is a D-fructofuranose 2,6-bisphosphate with a beta-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-D-fructofuranose 2,6-bisphosphate(4-). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexanoic acid (caproic acid) with the alcoholic hydroxy group of 3-methylbutan-1-ol (isoamylol). It has a role as a metabolite and a fragrance. It derives from an isoamylol. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid having the two hydroxy groups at the 2- and 5-positions. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material, an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, a human metabolite, a fungal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,5-dihydroxybenzoate. 
it is l-Cysteine substituted at nitrogen by an acetyl group and at sulfur by a substituted-lactam carbonyl group. It is a lactam and a S-substituted L-cysteine. 
Chloroplatinic acid, is a reddish-brown solid. It is soluble in water and will yield a mildly acidic solution. It may cause illness from inhalation of the dust and it is irritating to skin and eyes. When heated to high temperatures it may decompose to toxic chloride fumes. It may burn, but may be difficult to ignite. It is used for manufacturing indelible ink and in electroplating processes. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N,N'-diethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the herbicide simazine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 77Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03886662 (A Study of it in Patients With Low or Intermediate-1 Risk Myelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS)). 
it is a member of the class of cinnolines that is 6,7-methylenedioxycinnolin-4(1H)-one bearing an ethyl group at position 1 and a carboxylic acid group at position 3. An analogue of oxolinic acid, it has similar antibacterial actions. It was formerly used for the treatment of urinary tract infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antiinfective agent. It is a member of cinnolines, an oxo carboxylic acid and an oxacycle. 
5, 7-Dimethoxy-3-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. 5, 7-Dimethoxy-3-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a member of the class of benzotriazoles that is 1H-benzotriazole substituted by a methyl group at position 5. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 
it is the sodium salt form of phenytoin, a hydantoin derivate and non-sedative antiepileptic agent with anticonvulsant activity. it promotes sodium efflux from neurons located in the motor cortex, thereby stabilizing the neuron and inhibiting synaptic transmission. This leads to a reduction in posttetanic potentiation at synapses, an inhibition of repetitive firing of action potentials and ultimately inhibits the spread of seizure activity. 
it is a member of the class of pyrimidone, which is (as the monohydrate of its sodium salt) in combination with ombitasvir, paritaprevir and ritonavir (under the trade name Viekira Pak) for treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 infection as well as cirrhosis of the liver. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a nonnucleoside hepatitis C virus polymerase inhibitor. It is a member of naphthalenes, a sulfonamide, an aromatic ether and a pyrimidone. It derives from a uracil. it is a non-nucleoside inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) non-structural protein 5B (NS5B), an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, with potential activity against HCV. Upon administration and after intracellular uptake, it binds HCV NS5B polymerase and blocks viral RNA synthesis and replication. The HCV NS5B protein is essential for the replication of the HCV RNA genome. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family; HCV infection is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
it is a bicyclic organonitrogen heterocyclic compound comprised of two ortho-fused pyrrolidine rings which share a common nitrogen atom. It is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and an organic heterobicyclic compound. 
it is the succinate salt form of loxapine, a tricyclic dibenzoxazepine antipsychotic agent with antiemetic, sedative, anticholinergic, and antiadrenergic actions. it exerts its actions by blocking the dopamine receptors at postsynaptic receptor sites in the limbic system, cortical system and basal ganglia, thereby reducing the hallucinations and delusions that are associated with schizophrenia. This agent also exerts extrapyramidal side effects. 
it is the ceribate ester form of paclitaxel, a compound extracted from the Pacific yew tree Taxus brevifolia with antineoplastic activity. Paclitaxel binds to and stabilizes tubulin thereby inhibiting the disassembly of microtubules, resulting in the inhibition of cell division. This agent also induces apoptosis by binding to and blocking the function of the apoptosis inhibitor protein B-cell Leukemia 2 (BCL2). 
Vanadium trichloride appears as a pink crystalline solid. Density 3.00 g / cm3. Irritates skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a haloacetic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by fluorine. It has a role as an EC 4.2.1.3 (aconitate hydratase) inhibitor. It is an organofluorine compound and a haloacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a fluoroacetate. 
3-Hydroxy-2-(2-hydroxypropan-2-yl)-2H, 3H, 7H-furo[3, 2-g]chromen-7-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as psoralens. These are organic compounds containing a psoralen moiety, which consists of a furan fused to a chromenone to for 7H-furo[3, 2-g]chromen-7-one. 3-Hydroxy-2-(2-hydroxypropan-2-yl)-2H, 3H, 7H-furo[3, 2-g]chromen-7-one is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the ditartrate salt of a semisynthetic vinca alkaloid derived from the leaves of the periwinkle plant (Vinca rosea) with antineoplastic properties. Vinorelbine binds to tubulin, thereby inhibiting tubulin polymerization into microtubules and spindle formation and resulting in apoptosis of susceptible cancer cells. Inhibition of mitotic microtubules correlates with antitumor activity, whereas inhibition of axonal microtubules seems to correlate with vinorelbine's neurotoxicity. Compared to related vinca alkaloids, vinorelbine is more selective against mitotic than axonal microtubules in vitro, which may account for its decreased neurotoxicity. This agent is also a radiation-sensitizing agent. (NCI04) 
it is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid in which the carboxy group is at position 4 of the pyridine ring. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an isonicotinate. 
it is a cysteine derivative that is cysteine in which the thiol group is substituted by a [2-(carboxymethyl)-2,5-dihydroxycyclohex-3-en-1-yl]sulfanediyl group. ituria is an inherited disorder which is characterized by the inability to break down the amino acid tyrosine. This results in the finding of certain metabolites in the urine, such as it. It has a role as a biomarker and a human urinary metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a cysteine derivative, a cycloalkene, a diol, a tertiary allylic alcohol and a secondary allylic alcohol. 
it has actions similar to those of other phenothiazines. Among the different phenothiazine derivatives, it appears to be less sedating and to have a weak propensity for causing hypotension or potentiating the effects of CNS depressants and anesthetics. However, it produces a high incidence of extra pyramidal reactions. It is used for the maintenance treatment of chronic non-agitated schizophrenic patients. Symptoms of overdose include severe extrapyramidal manifestations, hypotension, lethargy and sedation. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is 1H-imidazole-1-carboxamide substituted by a propyl and a 2-(2,4,6-trichlorophenoxy)ethyl group at the amino nitrogen atom. A fungicide active against a wide range of diseases affecting field crops, fruit, turf and vegetables. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, a trichlorobenzene, a member of ureas, a member of imidazoles, an amide fungicide, a conazole fungicide and an imidazole fungicide. 
it is a water-soluble prodrug of ceftobiprole, a pyrrolidinone cephalosporin antibiotic, with bactericidal activity. Ceftobiprole binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), enzymes involved in the terminal stages of bacterial cell wall assembly and cell wall reshaping during bacterial growth and division. This agent exhibits a broad spectrum of activity against gram-negative and gram-positive pathogens including methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA), vancomycin-intermediate S. aureus (VISA) and vancomycin-resistant S. aureus (VRSA). Ceftobiprole is refractory to hydrolysis by class A and class C lactamases. 
it, also known as 2-methyl-thiopene-3-thiol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a medicinal taste. 
2-Hexyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. 2-Hexyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-hexyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Hexyl-4, 5-dimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane has a dairy and fruity taste. 
it Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of it, a synthetic piperazine with anti-emetic, sedative and histamine H1 antagonistic properties. it hydrochloride blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial and gastrointestinal smooth muscles, including vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscles. it hydrochloride may exert its antiemetic effects by its anticholinergic actions or due to a direct effect on the medullary chemoreceptive trigger zone. it is a synthetic piperazine with anti-emetic, sedative and histamine H1antagonistic properties. it blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial and gastrointestinal smooth muscles, including vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscles. it hydrochloride may exert its antiemetic effects by its anticholinergic actions or due to a direct effect on the medullary chemoreceptive trigger zone. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-alanine and L-tyrosine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine and a L-tyrosine. 
A chelating agent that has been used to mobilize toxic metals from the tissues of humans and experimental animals. It is the main metabolite of DISULFIRAM. 
it appears as a black crystalline solid. Density 4.87 g / cm3. Slightly soluble in water. Irritating to skin and eyes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. Used as a catalyst. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid used as a fertilizer. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. 
ite, also known as meconic lactone or mekonin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phthalides. Phthalides are compounds containing a 3-hydrocarbylidene-2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one moiety, . ite exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, meconine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. ite has a bitter taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as halomethanes. These are organic compounds in which at least one of the four hydrogen atoms of methane (CH4) are replaced by halogen atoms. it has been primarily detected in blood. 
it is an arsonium ion that is choline in which the central nitrogen has been replaced by arsenic. It has a role as a marine metabolite, a xenobiotic and a human urinary metabolite. It is an arsonium ion and an organoarsenic compound. 
it is a branched amino pentasaccharide comprising one fucose, two galactose, one glucosamine and one glucose unit (at the reducing end), linked as shown. It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is a sesquiterpene consisting of decalin having two methyl substituents at the 1- and 6-positions, an isopropyl substituent at the 4-position and (1S,4S,4aS,6S,8aS)-configuration. It is a terpenoid fundamental parent and a sesquiterpene. 
it is an optically active cyclic ketone consisting of 3,5,6-trihydroxycyclohexa-2,4-dien-1-one bearing two 3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl substituents at positions 4 and 6 as well as a 3-methylbutanoyl group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antioxidant, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a diketone, a triol, a cyclic ketone, an aromatic ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a polyunsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of (11Z,14Z)-icosadienoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a polyunsaturated fatty acid anion and it. It is a conjugate base of an (11Z,14Z)-icosadienoic acid. 
Valyl-leucine, also known as V-L dipeptide or val-leu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Valyl-leucine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Valyl-leucine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a colorless gas with a distinct sulfur odor. It is highly toxic by inhalation and a strong irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. It reacts vigorously with water and acids to yield toxic fluoride and sulfur oxide fumes and an acidic solution. it is heavier than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may violently rupture or rocket. It is used as a fluoridizing agent and as an oil repellent. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3, 6 and 8, an isoprenyl group at position 1 and a 2-methylbut-3-en-2-yl group at position 5. It is isolated from the root barks of Cudrania tricuspidata and exhibits cytotoxicity towards human cancer cell lines. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 
it is the C-sulfonato derivaive of lactic acid. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-sulfonatolactate(2-). 
it is a pyridinium ion obtained by formal condensation between two molecules of retinol and one the amino group of ethanolamine. A major constituent of retinal pigment epithelium lipofuscin It is a retinoid and a pyridinium ion. 
it is an ether that is the 2-acetyl-4-(butanoylamino)phenyl ether of the primary hydroxy group of 3-(propan-2-ylamino)propane-1,2-diol. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an anti-arrhythmia drug, an antihypertensive agent and a sympathomimetic agent. It is a member of ethanolamines, a propanolamine, a secondary amino compound, an ether, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an aromatic amide. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a synthetic butyranilide derivative with hypotensive and antiarrhythmic activity. it acts as a cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist with little effect on bronchial receptors and has intrinsic sympathomimetic properties. Having stabilizing and quinidine-like effects on cardiac rhythm, it is used in ventricular arrhythmias. Other indications include hypertension, alone or in combinations with other agents. 
it is a colorless gas with a faint petroleum-like odor. For transportation it may be stenched. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. It is easily ignited. Its vapors are heavier than air. Any leak can be either liquid or vapor. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is used as a fuel, an aerosol propellant, in cigarette lighters, and to make other chemicals. it is a straight chain alkane composed of 4 carbon atoms. It has a role as a food propellant and a refrigerant. It is a gas molecular entity and an alkane. 
it is ergocornine in which a single bond replaces the double bond between positions 9 and 10. It derives from an ergocornine. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. 
Phenylethyl acetate, also known as it or fema 2684, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. Phenylethyl acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, phenylethyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Phenylethyl acetate exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Phenylethyl acetate is a gardenia, green, and leafy tasting compound that can be found in cloves. This makes phenylethyl acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is the S-phospho derivative of 2-[(3-aminopropyl)amino]ethanethiol. A prodrug for the free thiol, WR-1065, which is used as a cytoprotectant in cancer chemotherapy and radiotherapy. It has a role as a prodrug, a radiation protective agent and an antioxidant. It is a diamine and an organic thiophosphate. It derives from a cysteamine. it Anhydrous is a phosphorylated aminosulfhydryl compound with cytoprotective activity. it is dephosphorylated by alkaline phosphatase to an active free sulfhydryl (thiol) metabolite in the body. The thiol metabolite binds to and detoxifies cytotoxic platinum-containing metabolites of cisplatin and scavenges free radicals induced by cisplatin and ionizing radiation. The elevated activity of this agent in normal tissues results from both the relative abundance of alkaline phosphatase in normal tissues and the greater vascularity of normal tissues compared to tumor tissues. 
it, also known as it or spermate 1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the beta carbon atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it appears as a fuming liquid. Boiling point 163Â°C. Density 1.73 g / cm3. Corrosive to metals and to tissue. Both very short contact and the fumes can cause severe painful burns. Used as a catalyst in organic synthesis, in electroplating and as a fluorinating agent. 
N-Cyclohexyl-N'-phenyl-1,4-phenylenediamine is a component of black rubber. It is also a dermatological sensitizer and allergen.  Sensitivity to N-Cyclohexyl-N'-phenyl-1,4-phenylenediamine may be identified with a clinical patch test. 
it, also known as 4-ethyl-2-isopropyl-5-methyl-1, 3-oxazole or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-ethyl-5-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-5-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole can be found in cocoa and cocoa products and nuts. This makes 4-ethyl-5-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a colorless liquid. Used to make acrylic high polymer with properties closely resembling those of polymethylmethacrylate. Monomer for specialty polymers (e.g., aircraft glazing). (EPA, 1998) 
it is the D-enantiomer of pipecolic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-pipecolate. It is an enantiomer of a L-pipecolic acid. 
Furagin is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is hydantoin substituted at position 1 by a [3-(5-nitro-2-furyl)prop-2-en-1-ylidene]amino group (the configuration of the C=C and C=N bonds in the grouping that links the two heterocycles is not specified). A nitrofuran antibiotic with properties similar to nitrofurantoin, furagin is used in the treatment of urinary tract infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antiinfective agent. It is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione, a nitrofuran antibiotic, an organonitrogen heterocyclic antibiotic and an organooxygen heterocyclic antibiotic. It derives from a semicarbazide. 
it is a L-histidine derivative that is N(alpha),N(alpha),N(alpha)-trimethyl-L-histidine in which the hydrogen at position 2 on the imdazole ring is replaced by a mercapto group. A naturally occurring metabolite of histidine synthesized by bacteria and fungi with antioxidant properties. It is found ubiquitously in plants and animals and is present in many human foodstuffs. It has a role as an antioxidant, a fungal metabolite, a plant metabolite, a xenobiotic metabolite and a chelator. It is an amino-acid betaine, a L-histidine derivative and a sulfur-containing amino acid. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). It is a tautomer of an it thione form. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is -6a,7-dihydrobenzo[b]indeno[1,2-d]pyran-9-one carrying four hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 4, 6a and 10. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an enol, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of phenols, a member of quinomethanes and a tertiary alcohol. 
N, O-Bis- (trimethylsilyl)phenylalanine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylalanine and derivatives. Phenylalanine and derivatives are compounds containing phenylalanine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of phenylalanine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. N, O-Bis- (trimethylsilyl)phenylalanine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. N, O-Bis- (trimethylsilyl)phenylalanine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it appears as colorless crystals. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. it is the methyl ester of tribenuron. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine, a N-sulfonylurea and a methyl ester. It derives from a tribenuron. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is testosterone in which the hydrogen at position 17 is replaced by an ethynyl group and in which the methyl group attached to position 10 is replaced by hydrogen. It has a role as a synthetic oral contraceptive and a progestin. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. it is a synthetic progestational substance with some anabolic, estrogenic, and androgenic properties. it binds to the progesterone intracellular receptors in the reproductive system and the resultant activated complex interacts with specific DNA sites. This leads to an alteration in protein synthesis and results in an inhibition of LH release. Consequently, it inhibits ovulation and changes the normal cycle of cervical mucus and endometrium. 
A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as barbituric acid derivatives. Barbituric acid derivatives are compounds containing a perhydropyrimidine ring substituted at C-2, -4 and -6 by oxo groups. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
5-N-Nonadecylresorcinol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as resorcinols. Resorcinols are compounds containing a resorcinol moiety, which is a benzene ring bearing two hydroxyl groups at positions 1 and 3. 5-N-Nonadecylresorcinol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. 5-N-Nonadecylresorcinol has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, 5-N-nonadecylresorcinol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-N-nonadecylresorcinol can be found in a number of food items such as barley, pasta, corn, and rice. This makes 5-N-nonadecylresorcinol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of benzenes, a sulfone and a member of triazoles. It has a role as an antimitotic, a herbicide and an agrochemical. 
it is a 1-phenylpropan-2-amine that has S configuration. It has a role as a neurotoxin, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, a dopaminergic agent, a sympathomimetic agent, a dopamine uptake inhibitor and an adrenergic agent. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-amphetamine. it is a synthetic substance related to natural sympathomimetic amines and the synthetic agent amphetamine. In the central nervous system (CNS), it induces the release of dopamine within the mesocorticolimbic system, a major component of the brain reward system, resulting in measurable behavioral changes such as euphoria. As a CNS stimulant, this agent may increase blood pressure and reduce appetite. Similar to other amphetamines, it has a high potential for abuse, dependence, and addiction if used in large doses over extended periods of time. (NCI04) 
it is benzoic acid substituted with a hydroxy group at position C-2 and a methoxy group at position C-3. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is the organosulfur heterocyclic compound that is the parent compound of the its, a tricyclic structure comprising two benzene rings fused to the b and e sides of 1,4-dithin. It is a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and a member of its. 
3-(imidazol-5-yl)pyruvic acid is an oxo carboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by an imidazol-5-yl group. It is a member of imidazoles, an oxo carboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(imidazol-5-yl)pyruvate. 
Supplied as a 50% aqueous solution. Colorless to straw yellow. (USCG, 1999) it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid bearing an oxo group at the alpha carbon atom. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an aldehydic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glyoxylate. 
it, also known as it or sulfate, it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharide sulfates. These are carbohydrates containing between 3 and 9 sugar units, one of which bear one or more sulfate groups. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in blood. 
it is the dimesylate salt form of bisnafide, a bis-naphthalimide compound with anticancer activity. Bisnafide selectively intercalates guanine-cytosine (GC) rich regions of DNA, thereby interfering with DNA replication machinery and activity of topoisomerase II. As a result, this agent causes potent cytotoxicity. 
it is an O-phosphoamino acid in which the amino acid specified is homoserine. It is a homoserine derivative and an O-phosphoamino acid. 
it is a myo-inositol monophosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an N-substituted cadaverine that is cadaverine in which one of the amino groups has been converted to the corresponding acetamide. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a secondary carboxamide, a primary amino compound, a member of acetamides and a N-substituted cadaverine. It derives from a cadaverine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
A nonapeptide that contains the ring of OXYTOCIN and the side chain of ARG-VASOPRESSIN with the latter determining the specific recognition of hormone receptors. it is the non-mammalian vasopressin-like hormone or antidiuretic hormone regulating water and salt metabolism. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of hexacosanedioic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a hexacosanedioic acid. 
Antifungal metabolite from several fungi, mainly Trichoderma viride; inhibits protein synthesis by binding to ribosomes; proposed as antifungal and antineoplastic; used as tool in cellular biochemistry. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Irritates the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a sesterterpenoid that is ophiobolane with a hydroxy group at position 3, oxo groups at positions 5 and 25, double bonds at positions 7-8 and 19-20, and an oxygen link between positions 14 and 18. It is an oxaspiro compound, an enal, a cyclic ketone, a tertiary alcohol and a sesterterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of an ophiobolane. 
it appears as a clear colorless to yellow liquid with an odor of ammonia. Flash point 90Â°F. Irritates the eyes and respiratory system. Skin contact may cause burns. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. it is a primary aliphatic amine consisting of cyclohexane carrying an amino substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a cyclohexylammonium. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is the sulfoximine derivative of methionine. It is a methionine derivative, a sulfoximide and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is dextroamphetamine in which the the hydrogens attached to the amino group are substituted by a methyl and a benzyl group. A sympathomimetic agent with properties similar to dextroamphetamine, it is used as its hydrochloride salt in the treatment of obesity. It has a role as a sympathomimetic agent, a dopamine uptake inhibitor, an appetite depressant and an adrenergic uptake inhibitor. It is a tertiary amine and a member of amphetamines. it is a sympathomimetic amine related to the synthetic agent amphetamine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating and anorexic properties. it stimulates the release of certain catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and inhibits their uptake. The increase in synaptic concentrations of these catecholamines causes behavioral changes including euphoria, an increase in mental alertness and excitement, and suppresses appetite. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 9,9a-dihydro-9,4a-prop[1]enoxanthene-1,4-dione substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7, a methyl group at position 12 and a prenyl group at position 9a. Isolated from the root barks of Ehretia buxifolia, it exhibits antisnake venom activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antidote. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, a cyclic ether and a member of phenols. 
it is a 3-hydroxyaspartic acid that has S configuration at the carbon bearing the amino group. It is a 3-hydroxyaspartic acid, a L-aspartic acid derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is an enantiomer of a 3-hydroxy-D-aspartic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propanoic acid; the inactive stereoisomer of the racemic herbicide mecoprop. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-2-(4-chloro-2-methylphenoxy)propanoate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-mecoprop. 
it is a maleate salt obtained by reaction of indacaterol with one equivalent of maleic acid. Used for treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and a bronchodilator agent. It contains an indacaterol(1+). 
Treosulfan is the prodrug of a bifunctional sulfonate alkylating agent with myeloablative, immunosuppressive, and antineoplastic activities. Under physiological conditions, treosulfan converts nonenzymatically to L-diepoxybutane via a monoepoxide intermediate. The monoepoxide intermediate and L-diepoxybutane alkylate DNA at guanine residues and produce DNA interstrand crosslinks, resulting in DNA fragmentation and apoptosis. In escalated doses, this agent also exhibits myeloablative and immunosuppressive activities. 
it is a member of the class of N-arylpiperazines that is N-phenylpiperazine in which the amino hydrogen is replaced by a 2,3-dihydroxypropyl group (the S-enantiomer). A peripherally acting antitussive drug that is used as an alternative to opioids. It has a role as an antitussive. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine and a secondary alcohol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indanones. Indanones are compounds containing an indane ring bearing a ketone group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables and root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It derives from a tabersonine. It is a conjugate base of a 16-hydroxytabersoninium. 
2,2&#39;-azodi-(2-methylbutyronitrile) appears as an odorless white powdered solid. May burst into flames upon exposure to fire or high heat. Dust may form an explosive mixture in air. 
it is a member of the class of fluorobenzenes that is benzene in which all six hydrogen atom have been replaced by fluorine. It is a member of fluorobenzenes and a fluorocarbon. 
it, also known as fema 3395, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. Thus, it is considered to be an isoprenoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, camphor, and cinnamon tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, cardamom, coriander, and sunflower. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1-(2-fluorophenyl)-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)ethanol is a tertiary alcohol that is ethanol in which one of the hydrogens at position 1 is replaced by an p-fluorophenyl group, the other hydrogen at position 1 is replaced by a p-fluorophenyl group, and one of the hydrogens at position 2 is replaced by a 1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl group. It is a member of triazoles, a tertiary alcohol and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it is propargyl alcohol in which the methylene hydrogens are substituted by ethyl and 2-chlorovinyl groups. A hypnotic and sedative, it is used for treatment of insomnia in some cases where an intolerance or allergy to more commonly used drugs exists. It has a role as a sedative. It is a tertiary alcohol, an organochlorine compound, an enyne and a terminal acetylenic compound. it is a member of the class of tertiary carbinols with sedative and hypnotic properties. it appears to depress the central nervous system by binding at a benzodiazepine-GABA-A-chloride ionophore receptor complex, located in the limbic, thalamic and hypothalamic regions of the central nervous system (CNS). This increases the frequency of chloride channel opening, allowing the flow of chloride ions into the neuron and ultimately leading to membrane hyperpolarization and a decrease in neuronal excitability. 
it, also known as toluene, dibromo derivative, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bromodiphenyl ethers. Bromodiphenyl ethers are compounds that contain two benzene groups linked to each other via an ether bond, and where at least one ring is substituted with a bromo group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Esit Magnesium is the magnesium salt of esit, the S-isomer of it, with gastric proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, esit is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulphenamide; the active sulphenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. Esit is the S-isomer of it, with gastric proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, esit is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulfenamide; the active sulfenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. Omeprazole is a benzimidazole with selective and irreversible proton pump inhibition activity. Omeprazole forms a stable disulfide bond with the sulfhydryl group of the hydrogen-potassium (H+ - K+) ATPase found on the secretory surface of parietal cells, thereby inhibiting the final transport of hydrogen ions (via exchange with potassium ions) into the gastric lumen and suppressing gastric acid secretion. This agent exhibits no anticholinergic activities and does not antagonize histamine H2 receptors. 
it is a pyridine nucleoside consisting of nicotinic acid with a beta-D-ribofuranosyl moiety at the 1-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a D-it. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an acrid odor. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a diadenosyl pentaphosphate having the two 5'-adenosyl residues attached at the P(1)- and P(5)-positions. It has a role as a vasoconstrictor agent and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is a 16-membered macrolide which exhibits strong and specific antimicrobial activities against rapid-growing Mycobacteria including drug-resistant strains. It is isolated from the culture broth of Nocardia sp.MK703-102F1 It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antitubercular agent. It is a macrolide, a monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is lactic acid substituted by a 4-hydroxy-3,5-diiodophenyl group at position 3. It is an organoiodine compound, a member of phenols and a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(4-hydroxy-3,5-diiodophenyl)lactate. 
it appears as a moist solid or semi-solid slurry of white crystals. May explode under exposure to heat or fire. Used in pyrotechnics. 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
it is an organic sodium salt having 7-phenyl-5-(4-sulfonatoanilino)benzo[a]phenazin-7-ium-3-sulfonate as the couterion. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains an it(1-). 
it is a benzothiophene in which the benzene ring is fused to the thiophene ring across positions 3 and 4. It is a benzothiophene and a member of its. 
it is an astatine molecular entity, a hydrogen halide and a mononuclear parent hydride. It is a conjugate acid of an astatide. 
1, 3-Bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 1, 3-Bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a neopterin where positions C-7 and C-8 have been hydrogenated. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a dihydropterin and a member of neopterins. 
it is a pyrazolopyridine that is 1H-pyrazolo[3,4-b]pyridine which is substituted at positions 1, 4, and 5 by ethyl, 2-isopropylidenehydrazino, and ethoxycarbonyl groups, respectively. A phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor with antidepressant and anxiolytic properties. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent, an antipsychotic agent, a phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor, an anxiolytic drug, an antidepressant, an alpha-secretase activator and a GABA agent. It is a hydrazone, an ethyl ester and a pyrazolopyridine. 
it is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 151Â°F Boiling point 107-108Â°F. Vapors are irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is the acyl chloride obtained by displacement of the hydroxy group of dichloroacetic acid by chloride. It has a role as a hapten. It derives from a dichloroacetic acid. 
it is 3,4-Dihydro-2H-1,2,4-benzothiadiazine 1,1-dioxide substituted at positions 3, 5 and 6 by a 2-norbornen-5-yl group, chlorine, and a sulfonamide group, respectively. A thiazide diuretic, it has been used in the management of hypertension and oedema. It has a role as a diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. it is a benzothiadiazide belonging to the class of thiazide diuretics. it is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema and in the treatment of hypertension. In addition, this agent is capable of inhibiting rapid desensitization of the ionotropic alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole-4-propionic acid (AMPA)-type glutamate receptors, thereby potentiating glutamate responses which may induce seizures activity. it was also found to inhibit gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A receptors. 
it is a non-proteinogenic amino acid derivative that is butanamide in which the pro-S hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a (4R)-2-oxo-4-propylpyrrolidin-1-yl. Used for treatment of partial onset seizures related to epilepsy. It has a role as an anticonvulsant. It is a gamma-lactam and a non-proteinogenic amino acid derivative. It derives from a L-alpha-aminobutyric acid. it is an orally bioavailable levetiracetam derivative, with anticonvulsant activity. Although the exact mechanism through which it exerts its effects is not fully known, this agent targets and binds to synaptic vesicle protein 2A (SV2A) in the brain. This prevents synaptic vesicle exocytosis and the synaptic release of certain, as of yet not fully known, excitatory neurotransmitters. This may inhibit impulse conduction across synapses, decrease neuronal (hyper-)excitability, and may modulate epileptogenesis. SV2A, a membrane glycoprotein present in neuronal synaptic vesicles, plays a key role in action potential-induced neurotransmitter release in the brain. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is an onion, pungent, and skunky tasting compound that can be found in green bell pepper. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Synthesized from endogenous epinephrine and norepinephrine in vivo. It is found in brain, blood, CSF, and urine, where its concentrations are used to measure catecholamine turnover. 
8-oxoguanine is an oxopurine that is guanine which is substituted by an oxo group at position 8. It is an oxopurine and a member of 2-aminopurines. It derives from a guanine. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid that is heptanoic acid in which oxo groups replace the hydrogens at positions 4 and 6. It is an abnormal metabolite of the tyrosine metabolic pathway and a marker for type 1 tyrosinaemia. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a beta-diketone and a dioxo monocarboxylic acid. 
Benzaldehyde it is a it derivative and alkylating agent with a structure similar to other alkylating agents such as chlorambucil, busulfan and melphalan, with potential antineoplastic activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, benzaldehyde it alkylates DNA, which results in DNA double strand breaks, inhibition of DNA replication, cell cycle arrest and cell death. In addition, this agent is metabolized by the enzyme aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) into the active carboxylic acid metabolite benzoic acid it (BA), which further contributes to its alkylating activity. Unlike other alkylating agents, benzaldehyde it has demonstrated antitumor activity in renal cell carcinoma. 
it is a synthetic non-halogenated double-ester derivative of the corticosteroid prednisolone with anti-inflammatory, antipruritic and vasoconstrictive properties. Following skin permeation, it enters cells and binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in an altered gene expression and inhibition of pro-inflammatory cytokine production by increasing the expression of lipocortins. These block phospholipase A-dependent release of arachidonic acid thereby inhibiting prostaglandin synthesis. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes by suppression of the production of vasodilators such as prostacyclin and nitric oxide. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-glutamine with the amino group of L-valine. It derives from a L-glutamine and a L-valine. 
it is a commercially important azabicyclic antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces sapporonensis. It inhibits the Rho protein of E. coli. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antiinfective agent and an antidiarrhoeal drug. It is an azabicycloalkane and a bridged compound. 
Inorganic fluorides of tin. They include both it (tin tetrafluoride) and stannous fluoride (tin difluoride). The latter is used in the prevention of dental caries. 
it is a member of the class of quinolines that is a mixed aminal resulting from the formal condensation oftrichloroacetaldehyde with the amide nitrogen of trans-cinnamamide and the primary amino group of 1-quinolin-8-ylthiourea. It is a selective inhibitor of cellular complexes that dephosphorylate eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 subunit alpha (eIF2alpha). It is a member of quinolines, a member of thioureas, an aminal, an organochlorine compound and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a trichloroacetaldehyde and a trans-cinnamamide. 
it is a it. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-it. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-it. 
it is a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA where the 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl component has (S)-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA and a 3-hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is a it molecular entity, a monoatomic dication and a divalent metal cation. it is a silvery white metallic element that belongs to period 6 of the lanthanoids family, with phosphate binding property. it, when administered in a salt form, dissociates in acid to release it ions, which then bind dietary phosphate. This agent inhibits the absorption of phosphate by forming highly insoluble it-phosphate complexes that reduce concentrations of serum phosphate and calcium phosphate. 
it is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having 6-carboxyuracil as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an orotidine 5'-phosphate(3-). 
An alkyl polyglycol ether of LAURYL ALCOHOL, chemically defined as an alcohol ethoxylate having an average alkyl chain of 12â??14 carbon atoms, and an ethylene oxide chain of 9 ethylene oxide units. It is used as a detergent, and medically as a local anesthetic, and as a sclerosing agent for the treatment of ESOPHAGEAL AND GASTRIC VARICES and VARICOSE VEINS. 
3-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)-1-(2, 4, 6-trihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxychalcones. These are organic compounds containing chalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. 3-(4-Hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl)-1-(2, 4, 6-trihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Clindamycin Palmitate Hydrochloride is the palmitate hydrochloride form of clindamycin, a semi-synthetic, chlorinated broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of lincomycin. Clindamycin palmitate hydrochloride is used for oral suspension. 
it is dianion of butanoyl phosphate arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a butanoyl dihydrogen phosphate. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3' and 5' respectively. It has been isolated from Cyperus teneriffae. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a flavanone. 
it is a white colored powdered solid. It is soluble in water. It may be toxic ingestion or inhalation. It is used to make weed killers, dyes and pharmaceuticals. 
A cyanide compound which has been used as a fertilizer, defoliant and in many manufacturing processes. It often occurs as the calcium salt, sometimes also referred to as cyanamide. The citrated calcium salt is used in the treatment of alcoholism. 
Lejimalide A is a macrolide that is isolated from the marine tunicate Eudistoma cf. rigida and exhibits potent in vitro cytotoxic activity. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a macrolide, an ether and a member of formamides. It derives from a L-serine. 
(S)-25-Hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, (S)-25-hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule (S)-25-Hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule (S)-25-Hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (S)-25-hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-25-hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes (S)-25-hydroxy-14, 16-hentriacontanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Soft, ductile, shiny, silver-white metal. Mp: 155.6Â°C; bp: 2080Â°C. Density 7.31 g cm-3. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 49, and atomic weight 114.8; a very soft, silvery-white metal with a brilliant lustre. 
4-Methylpyrrolo[1, 2-a]pyrazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolopyrazines. Pyrrolopyrazines are compounds containing a pyrrolopyrazine moiety, which consists of a pyrrole ring fused to a pyrazine. Pyrrole is 5-membered ring consisting of four carbon atoms and one nitrogen atom. Pyrazine is a 6-membered ring consisting of six carbon atoms and two nitrogen centers at ring positions 1 and 4. 4-Methylpyrrolo[1, 2-a]pyrazine is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methylpyrrolo[1, 2-a]pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, solution appears as a clear colorless to yellow liquid with a pleasant odor. Flammable over a wide range of vapor-air concentrations. Flash point -31Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air and narcotic in high concentrations. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an enoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of angelic acid with the hydroxy group of (1R,2R,7S,8aR)-1,8a-dimethyl-6-oxo-7-(prop-1-en-2-yl)-1,2,3,4,6,7,8,8a-octahydronaphthalen-2-ol. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a vasodilator agent, an anti-allergic agent and an EC 2.7.11.31 {[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase} activator. It is a sesquiterpenoid, an enone, an alicyclic ketone and an enoate ester. It derives from an angelic acid. 
Aucubin, also known as aucuboside or rhimantin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as iridoid o-glycosides. These are iridoid monoterpenes containing a glycosyl (usually a pyranosyl) moiety linked to the iridoid skeleton. Aucubin exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, aucubin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, aucubin can be found in common verbena. This makes aucubin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that is apigenin substituted at positions 6 and 8 by alpha-L-arabinopyranosyl and beta-D-glucosyl residues respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
it is a carboxamidine that is 1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyrimidine that is substituted at position 1 by a methyl group and at position 2 by an (E)-2-(2-thienyl)vinyl group. It is used, particularly as the embonate [4,4'-methylenebis(3-hydroxy-2-naphthoate)] salt, as an anthelmintic that is effective against intestinal nematodes including threadworms, roundworms and hookworms, and is included in the WHO 'Model List of Essential Medicines'. It has a role as an antinematodal drug. It is a member of thiophenes, a carboxamidine and a member of 1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyrimidines. 
it is an analogue of cyclosporin-A. it inhibits p-glycoprotein, the multidrug resistance efflux pump, thereby restoring the retention and activity of some drugs in some drug-resistant tumor cells. This agent also induces caspase-mediated apoptosis. (NCI04) 
it is a fine white powder. Many ordinary rocks (feldspars) are aluminosilicates. Aluminosilicates with more open three-dimensional structures than the feldspars are called zeolites. The openings in zeolites appear as polyhedral cavities connected by tunnels. Zeolites act as catalysts by absorbing small molecules in their interior cavities and holding them in proximity so that reaction among them occurs sooner. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is benzaldehyde substituted at the para-position with a nitro group. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of benzaldehydes. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is N-phenylacetamide carrying an ethyl and a methyl group at positions 2 and 6 respectively on the benzene ring while one of the methyl hydrogens as well as the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen atom have been replaced by a chloro and an ethoxymethyl group respectively. It has a role as a herbicide, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic amide. It derives from a N-phenylacetamide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a xanthene moiety conjugated to a ketone group at carbon 9. Xanthene is a tricyclic compound made up of two benzene rings linearly fused to each other through a pyran ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Tln 232 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00422786 (Phase II Study of CAP-232 in Patients With Refractory Metastatic Renal Cell Carcinoma). 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenolic glycosides. These are organic compounds containing a phenolic structure attached to a glycosyl moiety. Some examples of phenolic structures include lignans, and flavonoids. Among the sugar units found in natural glycosides are D-glucose, L-Fructose, and L rhamnose. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it and uridine 5'-diphosphate can be biosynthesized from hydroxyphenytoin and uridine diphosphate glucuronic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzymes UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1-1, UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1-4, UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1-6, and UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1-9. In humans, it is involved in the metabolic disorder called the phenytoin (antiarrhythmic) action pathway. 
it is an alkyl cinnamate obtained by the formal condensation of carboy group of 4-methoxycinnamic acid with methanol. It is a monomethoxybenzene and an alkyl cinnamate. 
it is a clear colorless to pale yellow liquid with a spicy earthy odor. Bitter burning taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a yellowish, oily, naturally occurring liquid with a clove-like aroma and is present in many essential oils. it is used as a flavoring agent, as a fragrance and as an anesthetic in rodents. it is mutagenic in animals and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in animals. (NCI05) 
Phytol is an acyclic diterpene alcohol and a constituent of chlorophyll. Phytol is commonly used as a precursor for the manufacture of synthetic forms of vitamin E and vitamin K1. Furthermore, phytol also was shown to modulate transcription in cells via transcription factors PPAR-alpha and retinoid X receptor (RXR). 
(4E,6E)-2,6-dimethylocta-2,4,6-triene is an ocimene that consists of octa-2,4,6-triene bearing methyl substituents at positions 2 and 6 (the 4E,6E-isomer). It has a role as a semiochemical. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic produced by Streptomyces kitasatoensis, showing activity against a wide spectrum of pathogens. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a leucomycin and a macrolide antibiotic. 
it is the sodium salt of a pterin derivative with antineoplastic and immunosuppressive properties. As a folate analogue, aminopterin competes for the folate binding site of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, thereby blocking tetrahydrofolate synthesis, and resulting in depletion of nucleotide precursors and inhibition of DNA, RNA and protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a bipyridine agent with positive inotropic and vasodilator properties. it selectively inhibits fraction III cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) phosphodiesterase isozymes in the heart and vascular muscles, thereby increasing cAMP and, consequently, an increase in cAMP-dependent intracellular ionized calcium and myocardium contractile force, and vasodilation in arteriolar and venous vascular smooth muscle. This agent improves hemodynamics in patients with ventricular dysfunction by increasing the stroke volume index and left ventricular contractility and by producing pulmonary vasodilation. (NCI04) 
it, also known as 3'-deoxymaysin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid c-glycosides. Flavonoid C-glycosides are compounds containing a carbohydrate moiety which is C-glycosidically linked to the 2-phenylchromen-4-one flavonoid backbone. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, apimaysin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, apimaysin can be found in cereals and cereal products and corn. This makes apimaysin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic having (1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-ylsulfanyl)methyl and [2-(1H-tetrazol-1-yl)acetamido side groups located at positions 3 and 7 respectively. It is a cephalosporin and a member of thiadiazoles. it is a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid that is sanguinarine bearing two methoxy substituents. It is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid and an organic cation. It derives from a hydride of a sanguinarine. 
3-hydroxyquinine is a cinchona alkaloid. It derives from a quinine and a quinine(1+). It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxyquininium. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01140425 (Study To Evaluate The Effect Of A Multiple Oral Dose Of it On QT Intervals In Healthy Subjects). 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it exists as a liquid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a bacon, clove, and phenolic tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as chinese cinnamon, beer, orange bell pepper, and red bell pepper. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound resulting from the partial hydrogenation of the 1,3-diene moiety of beta-erythroidine to give the corresponding 2-ene. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a delta-lactone and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a beta-erythroidine. 
Tomatidine, also known as it or soladulcidine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as spirosolanes and derivatives. These are steroidal alkaloids with a structure containing a spirosolane skeleton. Siporosolane is a polycyclic compound that is characterized by a 1-oxa-6-azaspiro[4. 5]decane moiety where the oxolane ring is fused to a docosahydronaphth[2, 1:4', 5']indene ring system. Spirosolane arises from the conversion of a cholestane side-chain into a bicyclic system containing a piperidine and a tetrahydrofuran ring. Tomatidine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Tomatidine has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, tomatidine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, tomatidine can be found in garden tomato, garden tomato (var. ), and potato. This makes tomatidine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the 3Î²-methylated synthetic analog of allopregnanolone; it belongs to a class of compounds referred to as neurosteroids. it is an allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors acting through binding sites which are distinct from the benzodiazepine binding site. It has activity in a broad range of animal models of epilepsy. it has been shown to be well tolerated in adults and children. In early phase II studies, it has been shown to have activity in adult patients with partial-onset seizures and epileptic children with history of infantile spasms. It is currently undergoing further development in infants with newly diagnosed infantile spasms, in women with catamenial epilepsy, and in adults with refractory partial-onset seizures. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is catechol with one of the two hydroxy groups substituted by a sulfo group. It has a role as a xenobiotic. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of phenols. It derives from a catechol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an odor of lemon. Flash point 113Â°F. Density about 7.2 lb /gal and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent for rosin, waxes, rubber; as a dispersing agent for oils, resins, paints, lacquers, varnishes, and in floor waxes and furniture polishes. it is a monoterpene that is cyclohex-1-ene substituted by a methyl group at position 1 and a prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 4 respectively. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a monoterpene and a cycloalkene. It derives from a hydride of a p-menthane. Lemon Oil is the oil extracted from the fruit peel of Citrus limon. Lemon oil is used as a flavoring and for its aromatic qualities. It is also said to have many medicinal purposes. it, (+/-)- is a racemic mixture of it, a natural cyclic monoterpene and major component of the oil extracted from citrus rind with chemo-preventive and antitumor activities. The metabolites of DL-it, perillic acid, dihydroperillic acid, uroterpenol and it 1,2-diol are suggested to inhibit tumor growth through inhibition of p21-dependent signaling, induce apoptosis via the induction of the transforming growth factor beta-signaling pathway, inhibit post-translational modification of signal transduction proteins, result in G1 cell cycle arrest as well as cause differential expression of cell cycle- and apoptosis-related genes. 
it is a member of the class of depsidones that is 3,4-dihydro-H,11H-chromeno[6,7-b][1,4]benzodioxepine substituted by a chloro group at position 9, hydroxy groups at positions 8 and 13, methyl groups at positions 2, 2, 5 and 10, oxo groups at positions 4 and 11 and a formyl group at position 7. Isolated from Chaetomium brasiliense, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a Chaetomium metabolite. It is an aldehyde, a member of depsidones, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a polyphenol and an organochlorine compound. 
it, also known as fema 3374, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-hydrogen aldehydes. These are aldehydes with the general formula HC(H)(R)C(=O)H, where R is an organyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a buchu, chip, and green taste. 
it is a thiosulfate(1-). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a sulfurothioic S-acid. It is a tautomer of a it. 
it is a member of the class of dibenzoazepines that is the amide formed from formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2,2-dimethyl-3-oxo-3-[(2,2,3,3,3-pentafluoropropyl)amino]propanoic acid with the amino group of (7S)-7-amino-5,7-dihydrodibenzo[b,d]azepin-6-one. It has a role as an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor. It is a dibenzoazepine, a lactam, an organofluorine compound and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Noncombustible but accelerates the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in fire or the combustible material is finely divided an explosion may result. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires. Used in solid propellants, explosives, fertilizers, and for many other uses. it is the inorganic nitrate salt of sodium. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is an inorganic sodium salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. 
it appears as a yellowish liquid with a pungent odor, much like camphor. Irritates skin. Ingestion or inhalation may produce irritation or a narcotic effect. Chronic exposure may damage liver. Noncombustible, but decomposes at 374Â°F, releasing flammable and toxic fumes. Much denser than water. Used as a solvent for fats, oils and waxes. 
Flash point of 137Â°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a solvent and in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals. 
it is a 17-hydroxy steroid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as a xenoestrogen. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. 
it is a zinc group element atom with a symbol Cn and atomic number 112. All its isotopes are intensely radioactive. Prior to its discovery, it had the placeholder name it (in accordance with IUPAC recommendations). Following its discovery (in Darmstadt, 1996) and subsequent confirmation, the name it was adopted in 2010. 
it is a nutritional supplement containing the zinc salt form of gluconic acid for the purpose of providing zinc. As an essential trace element, zinc is of key importance in many biological processes, acts as an antioxidant and strengthens the immune system. Although the mechanism of action is not completely known, zinc supplementation may be used to increase immunity against viruses or may interfere with the replication of certain viruses, such as the human papillomavirus (HPV). 
it appears as colorless crystals or white solid. (NTP, 1992) it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is a linear five-carbon dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-) and a it. 
it is a carbotricyclic compound that is (+)-epi-isozizaene in which the hydrogens at position 5 have been replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a carbocyclic antibiotic, a carbotricyclic compound, an enone and a cyclic terpene ketone. It derives from a hydride of a (+)-epi-isozizaene. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. Known drug targets of it include genome polyprotein. 
An intracellular signaling and tumor suppressor protein that forms a complex with TUBEROUS SCLEROSIS COMPLEX 1 PROTEIN (TSC1) and other signaling factors to negatively regulate MTORC1 and affect cell growth and proliferation. It can also function as GTPASE-ACTIVATING PROTEIN (GAP) for RHEB GTPASE to activate mTORC1 independent of its role in the complex. Structurally, it interacts with TSC1 through its N-terminus, which also contains a leucine zipper and coiled-coil region. It also has multiple phosphorylation sites for different cell signaling kinases, a central coiled-coil region, a C-terminal GAP domain and CALMODULIN binding domain. Mutations in the TSC2 gene are associated with TUBEROUS SCLEROSIS. 
it is an orally available bromide salt form of butylscopolamine, a quaternary ammonium derivative of the alkaloid scopolamine, with anticholinergic property. Upon oral administration, hyoscine butylbromide binds to and blocks muscarinic receptors located on postganglionic parasympathetic nerve endings and on smooth muscle cells. This blocks the activity of acetylcholine (Ach) and causes its antispasmodic effect in the gastrointestinal (GI), urinary, uterine, and biliary tracts. This agent may also facilitate radiologic visualization of the GI tract. 
DTDP-4-dehydro-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose as the sugar component. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a dTDP-sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a dTDP-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a dTDP-4-dehydro-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucose(2-). 
it is a carbapenemcarboxylic acid that is the 3-carboxy derivative of 2,3-didehydro-1-carbapenam. It is a carbapenemcarboxylic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (5R)-carbapenem-3-carboxylate. 
it is the O-debenzoyl analogue of cocaine. It has a role as a central nervous system depressant, a peripheral nervous system drug, an analgesic, a metabolite, an opioid analgesic and a mouse metabolite. It is a tropane alkaloid, a methyl ester and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from an ecgonine. It is a conjugate base of an ecgoninium methyl ester(1+). 
it is a carbodiimide compound having an isopropyl substituent on both nitrogen atoms. It has a role as a peptide coupling reagent. 
it is a tripeptide composed of two L-leucine units joined to L-aspartic acid by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-aspartic acid. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is imidazole which is substituted by a 1H-indole-3-carbonyl group and a 6-bromo-1H-indol-3-yl group at positions 2 and 4, respectively. Isolated from the Mediterranean shallow-water sponge, Topsentia genetrix. It is a potent inhibitor of MRSA pyruvate kinase and exhibits antibacterial properties. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a marine metabolite and an EC 2.7.1.40 (pyruvate kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of imidazoles, a bromoindole, an aromatic ketone and an indole alkaloid. 
it is an orally bioavailable, second-generation, hydroxamic acid-based inhibitor of histone deacetylase (HDAC) with potential antineoplastic activity. HDAC inhibitor it inhibits HDAC leading to an accumulation of highly acetylated histones, which may result in an induction of chromatin remodeling; inhibition of the transcription of tumor suppressor genes; inhibition of tumor cell division; and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. HDAC, an enzyme upregulated in many tumor types, deacetylates chromatin histone proteins. Compared to some first generation HDAC inhibitors, it may induce superior HSP70 upregulation and bcl-2 downregulation. 
it is a steroid sulfate that is the 3-sulfooxy derivative of dehydroepiandrosterone. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a steroid sulfate and a 17-oxo steroid. It derives from a dehydroepiandrosterone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
N,n&#39;-diphenyl-p-phenylenediamine appears as gray or dark gray powder or flakes. (NTP, 1992) it is an N-substituted diamine that is 1,4-phenylenediamine in which one hydrogen from each amino group is replaced by a phenyl group. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a secondary amino compound and a N-substituted diamine. It derives from a p-aminodiphenylamine. 
it is the D-enantiomer of 2-dehydroerythrose 1-phosphate. It derives from a D-erythrulose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a L-erythrulose 1-phosphate. 
it is a cyanine dye, an organic iodide salt and a member of 1,3-benzoxazoles. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it cation. 
it appears as a water white liquid with a sharp odor. Flash point 20Â°F. Boiling point 77-78Â°C (173Â°F). Density 7.5 lb / gal. Slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used in the manufacture of a variety of organic chemicals. 
it is a prodrug of etilefrine, an adrenergic agonist with vasoconstrictive activity. it is hydrolyzed to etilefrine, which binds to and activates alpha-1-adrenergic receptors of the arteriolar and venous vasculature. This causes smooth muscle contraction and leads to a decrease in venous pooling and increase in blood pressure. This agent may also stimulate beta-1 adrenergic receptors leading to positive chronotropic and inotropic effects. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
D,l-menthol is a white crystalline solid with a peppermint odor and taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a p-menthan-3-ol which has (1S,2R,5S)-stereochemistry. In contrast to (-)-menthol, the (+)-enantiomer occurs only rarely in nature. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-menthol. 
it is a polyazaalkane that is tetradecane in which the carbons at positions 1, 5, 10 and 14 are replaced by nitrogens. it has broad actions on cellular metabolism. It has a role as an antioxidant, an immunosuppressive agent and a fundamental metabolite. It is a polyazaalkane and a tetramine. It is a conjugate base of a it(4+). 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is 4-hydroxycoumarin which is substituted at position 3 by a 1-phenylpropyl group. It has a role as an anticoagulant and an EC 1.6.5.2 [NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor. it is an orally available, long-acting derivative of coumarin with anticoagulant activity. Upon administration, it inhibits the vitamin K epoxide reductase enzyme; inhibition of this enzyme prevents the formation of the reduced, active form of vitamin K (vitamin KH2), which is essential for the carboxylation of glutamate residues of vitamin K-dependent proteins. This prevents the activation of vitamin K-dependent coagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X and the anticoagulant proteins C and S, which abrogates both thrombin production and thrombus formation. 
it appears as colorless to pale purple crystals or lavender powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a naphthalenediamine compound having amino substituents in the 1- and 5-positions. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. 
it, also known as PE(32:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phosphatidylethanolamines. These are glycerophosphoetahnolamines in which two fatty acids are bonded to the glycerol moiety through ester linkages. Thus, it is considered to be a glycerophosphoethanolamine lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and intracellular membrane. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Cytidine monophosphate and it can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(18:0/14:0/0:0); which is mediated by the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. Furthermore, it can be biosynthesized from PS(18:0/14:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Furthermore, it can be biosynthesized from PS(18:0/14:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Finally, Cytidine monophosphate and it can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(18:0/14:0/0:0) through its interaction with the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. In humans, it is involved in phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis PC(18:0/14:0) pathway and phosphatidylethanolamine biosynthesis it pathway. 
it is a single chain polypeptide isolated from bovine lung with antifibrinolytic and anti-inflammatory activities. As a broad-spectrum serine protease inhibitor, it bovine competitively and reversibly inhibits the activity of a number of different esterases and proteases, including trypsin, chymotrypsin, kallikrein, plasmin, tissue plasminogen activator, and tissue and leukocytic proteinases, resulting in attenuation of the systemic inflammatory response (SIR), fibrinolysis, and thrombin generation. This agent also inhibits pro-inflammatory cytokine release and maintains glycoprotein homeostasis. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound, that is 3,4-dihydro-2H-[1,4]thiazino[2,3-g]quinoline-5,10 dione S,S-dioxide substituted at position 7 by a carboxyl group. It is an anti-inflmmatory alkaloid obtained from Aplidium. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an alkaloid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a sulfone and a member of p-quinones. 
Gadobenic acid (in the form of it dimeglumine) is an MRI contrast agent used primarily for MR imaging of the liver. It can also be used for visualizing the CNS and heart. In contrast to conventional extracellular fluid contrast agents, it dimeglumine is characterized by a weak and transient binding capacity to serum proteins. This binding leads to an increased relaxivity of it dimeglumine and, consequently, to a considerably increased signal intensity over that of other agents. 
it is a white crystalline powder. Melting point 137.5-140Â°C. Used as an antihypertensive drug. it is the hydrochloride salt form of phenoxybenzamine, a synthetic, dibenzamine alpha-adrenergic antagonist with antihypertensive and vasodilatory properties. Phenoxybenzamine non-selectively and irreversibly blocks the postsynaptic alpha-adrenergic receptor in smooth muscle, thereby preventing vasoconstriction, relieving vasospasms, and decreasing peripheral resistance. Reflex tachycardia may occur and may be enhanced by blockade of alpha-2 receptors which enhances norepinephrine release. Phenoxybenzamine is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. 
it is the sodium phosphate salt form of prednisolone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. As a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, it binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors, and causes the ligand- receptor complex to be translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as various cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both potent mediators of inflammation. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cell populations. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid or powder that is insoluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat posed to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used in pharmaceuticals, to make other zinc compounds, as a feed additive. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its, consisting of propane in which a hydrogen at position 1 and a hydrogen at position 2 are substituted by hydroxy groups. A colourless, viscous, hygroscopic, low-melting (-59â„ƒ) and high-boiling (188â„ƒ) liquid with low toxicity, it is used as a solvent, emulsifying agent, and antifreeze. It has a role as a protic solvent, an allergen, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of its and a glycol. it is a propanediol that exists as a clear, colorless and hygroscopic liquid and consists of propane where the hydrogens at positions 1 and 2 are substituted by hydroxyl groups. it is used as an organic solvent and diluent in pharmaceuticals and many other industrial applications. 
it, solution is a clear, yellowish liquid. Kept basic with NaOH, as acid will release hydrogen sulfide gas. Technical grade is 40-44%. Used in photography, textiles, synthetic flavors, coloring brasses, bronzes, and iron control. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazolopyrimidines that is pyrazophos in which the the thiophosphate group has been hydrolysed to the corresponding hydroxy group. The active fungicide of the profungicide pyrazophos. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical, an insecticide, a phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor and a fungicide. It is an ethyl ester, a pyrazolopyrimidine and an organic hydroxy compound. 
it is a member of the class of indanones that is 1-indanone substituted at position 2 by bromo and [(4-methylphenyl)sulfonyl]methyl groups. It is a member of indanones, an alpha-bromoketone and a sulfone. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-aspartic acid and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid and a L-serine. 
it appears as a clear,yellow liquid with a strong, unpleasant odor. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. it is a it that is acetic acid in which the oxygen atom of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a sulfur atom. It is a tautomer of an ethanethioic O-acid. 
it is a member of the class of furoic acids that is 2-furoic acid substituted at position 5 by a hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite, a nematicide, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a furoic acid and an aromatic primary alcohol. 
it, also known as UDP xylose or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine ribonucleoside diphosphates. These are pyrimidine ribonucleotides with diphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found throughout all human tissues. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the endoplasmic reticulum, golgi, mitochondria and cytoplasm. it can be biosynthesized from uridine diphosphate glucuronic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme UDP-glucuronic acid decarboxylase 1. In humans, it is involved in the nucleotide sugars metabolism pathway. it is also involved in a couple of metabolic disorders, which include the galactosemia II (galk) pathway and the galactosemia III pathway. 
it is a linear tetrapyrrole produced in the reticuloendothelial system by the first step of heme degradation, catalysed by heme oxygenase. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a biliverdin(2-). 
it is a thia-glucosinolic acid that is glucoberteroin in which the sulfur atom of the methyl thioether group has been oxidised to the corresponding sulfoxide. It derives from a pentylglucosinolic acid and a glucoberteroin. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyanogenic glycosides. These are glycosides in which the aglycone moiety contains a cyanide group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the neutral species of thymidine 5'-monophosphate (2'-deoxythymidine 5'-monophosphate). It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(-). It is an enantiomer of a 1-(2-deoxy-5-O-phosphono-beta-L-ribofuranosyl)thymine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranoisoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids that contain a pyran ring fused to either of the A, B, or C ring of the isoflavonoid skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxirane carboxylic acids. Oxirane carboxylic acids are compounds containing an oxirane ring bearing a carboxylic acid group. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
3-(1, 1-Dimethylallyl)herniarin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety with a ketone group at the C2 carbon atom (1-benzopyran-2-one). 3-(1, 1-Dimethylallyl)herniarin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3-(1, 1-dimethylallyl)herniarin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3-(1, 1-dimethylallyl)herniarin can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 3-(1, 1-dimethylallyl)herniarin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of meclizine, a synthetic piperazine with anti-emetic, sedative and histamine H1 antagonistic properties. it blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial and gastrointestinal smooth muscles, including vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscles. it may exert its antiemetic effects by its anticholinergic actions or due to a direct effect on the medullary chemoreceptive trigger zone. 
it is purine bearing a methyl substituent at position 6. It has a role as an EC 2.4.2.1 (purine-nucleoside phosphorylase) inhibitor. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate of cilazapril. It is used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and a prodrug. It contains a cilazapril. it is a pyridazine angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, cilazapril is rapidly metabolized in the liver to cilazaprilat; cilazaprilat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II, resulting in vasodilation. Cilazaprilat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of gibberellin A24. It is a gibberellin carboxylic acid anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A24. 
it is an anthocyanin cation consisting of pelargonidin having a rutinosyl [6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannosyl-(1->6)-beta-D-glucosyl] residue attached at the 3-hydroxy position and a beta-D-glucosyl residue at the 5-hydroxy position. It is an anthocyanin cation, a rutinoside, a beta-D-glucoside and a disaccharide derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a pelargonidin 3-O-rutinoside 5-O-beta-D-glucoside betaine. 
it, also known as 1-formyl-piperidine or FPI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidines. Piperidines are compounds containing a piperidine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member ring with one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-piperidinecarboxaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-piperidinecarboxaldehyde can be found in herbs and spices and pepper (spice). This makes 1-piperidinecarboxaldehyde a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
N(2)-((1-(N(2)-L-Threonyl)-L-lysyl)-L-prolyl)-L-arginine. A tetrapeptide produced in the spleen by enzymatic cleavage of a leukophilic gamma-globulin. It stimulates the phagocytic activity of blood polymorphonuclear leukocytes and neutrophils in particular. The peptide is located in the Fd fragment of the gamma-globulin molecule. 
it, also known as (2E)-but-2-enal or crotonal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as enals. These are an alpha, beta-unsaturated aldehyde of general formula RC=C-CH=O in which the aldehydic C=O function is conjugated to a C=C triple bond at the alpha, beta position it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa) it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. Within the cell, (e)-2-butenal is primarily located in the cytoplasm it is a flower tasting compound that can be found in fruits, garden tomato, and potato. This makes (e)-2-butenal a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a bromophenol that is phenol in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4 and 6 have been replaced by bromines. It is commonly used as a fungicide and in the preparation of flame retardants. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a fungicide and a marine metabolite. 
it is trianion of geranyl diphosphate arising from deprotonation of the three OH groups of the diphosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a geranyl diphosphate. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavone that is genistein substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 2'. It has been isolated from Crotalaria lachnophora. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a genistein. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pterocarpans. These are benzo-pyrano-furano-benzene compounds, containing the 6H-[1]benzofuro[3, 2-c]chromene skeleton. They are derivatives of isoflavonoids. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Amyloid-beta polypeptide 42 is a beta-amyloid that ia a 42 amino acid polypeptide of sequence Asp Ala Glu Phe Arg His Asp Ser Gly Tyr Glu Val His His Gln Lys Leu Val Phe Phe Ala Glu Asp Val Gly Ser Asn Lys Gly Ala Ile Ile Gly Leu Met Val Gly Gly Val Val Ile Ala. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03160898 (A Study to Evaluate Efficacy, Safety and Tolerability of it in Patients With Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS)). 
An acridine derivative formerly widely used as an antimalarial but superseded by chloroquine in recent years. It has also been used as an anthelmintic and in the treatment of giardiasis and malignant effusions. It is used in cell biological experiments as an inhibitor of phospholipase A2. 
Pentanoyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl coas. These are acyl-CoAs carrying a 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl chain. Pentanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Pentanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, pentanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Pentanoyl-CoA can be biosynthesized from 3-hydroxyvalproic acid CoA through its interaction with the enzyme trifunctional enzyme, mitochondrial. In humans, pentanoyl-CoA is involved in the valproic Acid metabolism pathway. 
Cobaltous bromide is a red violet crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used as a catalyst in the production of other chemicals. 
This is a chemical weapon precursor or chemical weapon impurity which is similar to 2-diethylaminoethanol. See the chemical datasheet for 2-diethylaminoethanol for more information. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of desipramine, a secondary amine tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). In the central nervous system (CNS), it blocks the re-uptake of neurotransmitters, including norepinephrine and serotonin. This leads to an increase in the amount of these neurotransmitters in the synaptic cleft and prolongs their activities postsynaptically. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate having adenine as the nucleobase. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an it(5-). 
endo-1, 4-beta-Xylanase, also known as it or 311-09-1 (di-chloride), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylmethylamines. Phenylmethylamines are compounds containing a phenylmethtylamine moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted by an methanamine. endo-1, 4-beta-Xylanase is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, endo-1, 4-beta-xylanase is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3,5-bisphosphate in which both phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as octanoyl It is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3,5-bisphosphate and an octanoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
2-polyit is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol in which the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a polyprenyl group. It is a member of phenols, an olefinic compound and a polymer. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glioblastoma Multiforme. It is a proprietary first-in-class small molecule with the potential to treat multiple solid tumours like the well known chemotherapeutics, doxorubicin and mitomycin C. it is a natural product derived from a non-pathogenic micro-organism. Discovered using Thallionâ€™s DECIPHER technology, it has completed preclinical studies conducted by the National Cancer Institute and Thallion to establish safety and efficacy in animal and in vitro models. it is a potent inhibitor of the RAS/RAF/MAPK signaling pathway with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits Ras kinase, thereby preventing the phosphorylation and activation of proteins downstream of the Ras signal transduction pathway, including serine/threonine kinase RAF (BRAF) and extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1 and ERK-2), that play a crucial role in regulating cell growth and survival. it also selectively binds to the peripheral benzodiazepine receptor (BZRP), a receptor highly expressed in certain cancer cells, thus inducing cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in BZRP-expressing cells. In addition, it is able to cross the blood-brain barrier, thereby reaching therapeutic concentrations in the brain. 
it, also known as 11-eicosenoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, saliva, and urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, it can be found in italian sweet red pepper and peanut. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the hydrochloride form of eflornithine, a difluoromethylated ornithine compound with antineoplastic activity. Eflornithine irreversibly inhibits ornithine decarboxylase, an enzyme required for polyamine biosynthesis, thereby inhibiting the formation and proliferation of tumor cells. Polyamines are involved in nucleosome oligomerization and DNA conformation, creating a chromatin environment that stimulates neoplastic transformation of cells. (NCI04) 
it is a 2,5-diketopiperazine where the substituents are methylidene and (S)-isopropyl at positions 3 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
9-(tetrahydrofuryl)adenine is a nucleoside analogue that is adenine in which the nitrogen at position 9 has been substituted by a tetrahydrofuran-2-yl group. It is an adenylate cyclase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 4.6.1.1 (adenylate cyclase) inhibitor. It is a nucleoside analogue and a member of oxolanes. It derives from an adenine. 
Casanthranol is a concentrated mixture of anthranol glycosides from cascara sagrada (dried bark of Rhamnus p.) and used as a laxative in constipation and various medical conditions, stimulant laxative Casanthranol encourages bowel movements by acting on the intestinal wall to increase muscle contractions. (NCI04) 
it is an optically active form of 3-amino-3-phenylpropanoic acid having S-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-3-amino-3-phenylpropanoic acid. It is a tautomer of a (S)-3-ammonio-3-phenylpropanoate. 
it is a prescription medication used to treat smoking addiction. This medication is the first approved nicotinic receptor partial agonist. Specifically, varenicline is a partial agonist of the alpha4/beta2 subtype of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. In addition it acts on alpha3/beta4 and weakly on alpha3beta2 and alpha6-containing receptors. A full agonism was displayed on alpha7-receptors.  On March 9, 2015, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration warned that it, in the form of Pfizer Inc's quit-smoking drug, Chantix, has been associated with seizures and that some patients who drink while taking the drug may become aggressive or black out. Pfizer is conducting an additional safety study of the drug, results of which are  expected in late 2015. The FDA said it is keeping the black box in place at least until the results of the trial are announced. it is a partial agonist of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR) subtype alpha4beta2. Nicotine stimulation of central alpha4beta2 nAChRs located at presynaptic terminals in the nucleus accumbens causes the release of the neurotransmitter dopamine, which may be associated with the experience of pleasure; nicotine addiction constitutes a physiologic dependence related to this dopaminergic reward system. As an AChR partial agonist, varenicline attenuates the craving and withdrawal symptoms that occur with abstinence from nicotine but is not habit-forming itself. 
it is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid that is propionic acid substituted by a 1H-indol-3-yl group at position 3. It has a role as an auxin, a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(1H-indol-3-yl)propanoate. 
Homocysteine thiolactone, also known as ( -)-3-amino-2-thiolanon, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. Homocysteine thiolactone is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Homocysteine thiolactone has been primarily detected in blood. 
it is an organosulfonate salt that is the tetrakis(p-toluenesulfonate) salt of meso-tetrakis(N-methyl-4-pyridyl)porphine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a photosensitizing agent. It contains a meso-tetrakis(N-methyl-4-pyridyl)porphine(4+). 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is the 9- epimer of 4'-demethylpodophyllotoxin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a furonaphthodioxole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. 
it is a halophenol that is phenol in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 4 have been replaced by chlorine and bromine, respectively. It is a halophenol, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an organobromine compound. 
A variable mixture of the mono- and disodium salts of gold thiomalic acid used mainly for its anti-inflammatory action in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It is most effective in active progressive rheumatoid arthritis and of little or no value in the presence of extensive deformities or in the treatment of other forms of arthritis. 
it is an organic calcium salt having 2-[(1,2-diphenylhydrazino)carbonyl]hexanoate as the counterion. Used (as its hemihydrate) for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as an antipyretic and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It contains a bumadizone(1-). 
it is an indole alkaloid with formula C21H20N2O3, isolated from several Rauvolfia species and exhibits antipsychotic activity. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent. It is a methyl ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a zwitterion and an indole alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is a phenylpropanoid that is phenol substituted at position 4 by a prop-1-enyl group (the trans-isomer) It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of phenols. It derives from a phenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidinecarboxamides. These are pyrrolidines in which the pyrrolidine rings is substituted at one or more positions by a carboxamide group. Pyrrolidine is a five-membered saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one nitrogen atom and four carbon atoms. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Basic lipopeptide antibiotic group obtained from Bacillus polymyxa. They affect the cell membrane by detergent action and may cause neuromuscular and kidney damage. At least eleven different members of the it group have been identified, each designated by a letter. 
it is a 26-hydroxycholesterol in which the 25-position has R-configuration. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, a neuroprotective agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is a five-membered cyclic dicarboximide compound having a chloro substituent on the nitrogen atom. It is a pyrrolidinone and a dicarboximide. It derives from a succinimide. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining palonosetron with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride; an antiemetic used in combination with netupitant (under the trade name Akynzeo) to treat nausea and vomiting in patients undergoing cancer chemotherapy. It has a role as an antiemetic and a serotonergic antagonist. It contains a palonosetron(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of palonosetron, a carbazole derivative and a selective serotonin receptor antagonist with antiemetic activity. Palonosetron competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 (5-HT3) receptors located on vagal afferents in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ), resulting in suppression of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. The CTZ is located in the area postrema on the dorsal surface of the medulla oblongata at the caudal end of the fourth ventricle and outside the blood-brain barrier (BBB). 
Dinitrosobenzene appears as a yellow crystalline solid. Soluble in benzene. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion skin absorption. A strong irritant. Primary hazard is fire with a minor blast or projection hazard, but not a mass explosion hazard. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. 
it is a bisphosphoglyceric acid that is glyceric acid carrying two phospho substituents at positions 2 and 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tetronic acid derivative and a bisphosphoglyceric acid. It derives from a glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-bisphosphoglycerate. 
it is a semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, it inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
N, N'-it, also known as carcinogen or DNPZ, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperazines. Piperazines are compounds containing a piperazine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member heterocyclic with two nitrogen atoms at positions 1 and 4, as well as four carbon atoms. N, N'-it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). 
A synthetic nondepolarizing blocking drug. The actions of gallamine triethiodide are similar to those of TUBOCURARINE, but this agent blocks the cardiac vagus and may cause sinus tachycardia and, occasionally, hypertension and increased cardiac output. It should be used cautiously in patients at risk from increased heart rate but may be preferred for patients with bradycardia. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p198) 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is the toxic principle in Laburnum seeds and is found in many members of the Fabaceae (legume, pea or bean) family. An acetylcholine agonist, it is widely used throughout Eastern Europe as an aid to giving up smoking. It has a role as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist, a phytotoxin and a plant metabolite. It is an alkaloid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a secondary amino compound, a lactam and a bridged compound. 
it is the mesylate salt form of nafamostat, a broad-spectrum, synthetic serine protease inhibitor, with anticoagulant, anti-inflammatory, mucus clearing, and potential antiviral activities. Upon administration, nafamostat inhibits the activities of a variety of proteases, including thrombin, plasmin, kallikrein, trypsin, and Cl esterase in the complement system, and factors VIIa, Xa, and XIIa in the coagulation system. Although the mechanism of action of nafamostat is not fully understood, trypsinogen activation in the pancreas is known to be a trigger reaction in the development of pancreatitis. Nafamostat blocks the activation of trypsinogen to trypsin and the inflammatory cascade that follows. Nafamostat may also decrease epithelial sodium channel (ENaC) activity and increase mucus clearance in the airways. ENaC activity is increased in cystic fibrosis. In addition, nafamostat may inhibit the activity of transmembrane protease, serine 2 (TMPRSS2), a host cell serine protease that mediates viral cell entry for influenza virus and coronavirus, thereby inhibiting viral infection and replication. 
Pranlukast, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as chromones. Chromones are compounds containing a benzopyran-4-one moiety. Pranlukast is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Pranlukast has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, pranlukast is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an antimony hydride and a mononuclear parent hydride that is used in many industrial processes. It is characterized as a toxic, colorless gas that is heavier than air with a disagreeable odor, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a maleimide that is substituted at positions 3 and 4 by chlorines and on the nitrogen by a p-fluorophenyl group. Previously used as a fungicide (now obsolete). It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an organofluorine pesticide, a member of maleimides, an organochlorine pesticide, a dicarboximide fungicide and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-proline and L-arginine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-proline and a L-asparagine. 
it is a photostable UVA and UVB light filter. The compound is a lipophilic benzotriazole derivative marketed as Meroxyl XL by L'Oreal, although sunscreens with it are currently only approved for use in the EU, Canada, Australia, and Japan, among other countries.  Despite being used elsewhere in the world with relatively few reports of adverse reactions, the FDA continues to cite that the existing scientific record is not sufficient to establish the compound as being generally recognized as safe and effective for over-the-counter sunscreen use. 
it appears as a white or translucent crystalline mass or powder. The commercial product is light bluish-gray lumps due to the presence of minute amounts of colloidally dispersed lithium. it is an alkali metal hydride where the metal is specified as lithium. 
it is a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid resulting from the formal oxidative dimerisation of 4-{[(1R)-6,7-dimethoxy-2-methyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-1-yl]methyl}phenol by attachment of the phenolic oxygen of one molecule to the benzene ring of the second (ortho to the phenolic hydroxy group of the latter). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tertiary amino compound, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a member of isoquinolines and a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid. 
it is a hexachlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which the hydrogens at the 2, 3, and 5 positions of each of the benzene rings are replaced by chlorines. It is a hexachlorobiphenyl and a trichlorobenzene. 
it, also known as glyoxalase i or amsacrine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Beta-indol-3-yl-glucoside is this compound belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. It is a glycoside and a member of indoles. 
Iso heptyl alcohol appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals, as a solvent, and in cosmetic formulations. 
it is a broad-spectrum, carbapenem antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activities. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located on the bacterial cell wall, particularly PBPs 2 and 3, thereby inhibiting the final transpeptidation step in the synthesis of peptidoglycan, an essential component of the bacterial cell wall. Inhibition results in a weakening and eventually lysis of the bacterial cell wall. This agent is two- to 16-fold more potent than imipenem and comparable to ertapenem and meropenem. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, two L-leucine units, and L-threonine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-leucine and a L-threonine. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of an iodine-rich benzofuran derivative with antiarrhythmic and vasodilatory activities. As a class III antiarrhythmic agent, itone blocks the myocardial calcium, potassium and sodium channels in cardiac tissue, resulting in prolongation of the cardiac action potential and refractory period. In addition, this agent inhibits alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors, resulting in a reduction in sympathetic stimulation of the heart, a negative chronotropic effect, and a decrease in myocardial oxygen demands. itone may cause vasodilation by stimulation of the release of nitric oxide and cyclooxygenase-dependent relaxing endothelial factors. 
it is a member of the class of mebendazole in which the benzoyl group is replaced by a p-fluorobenzoyl group. A broad-spectrum anthelmintic, it is used, particularly in veterinary medicine, for the treatment of nematodal infections. It has a role as an antinematodal drug and a teratogenic agent. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a carbamate ester, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a semisynthetic third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a methyl ketone that is nonane in which the methylene hydrogens at position 2 are replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a nonane. 
it is a biphenylyltetrazole where a 1,1'-biphenyl group is attached at the 5-position and has an additional trisubstituted imidazol-1-ylmethyl group at the 4'-position It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an angiotensin receptor antagonist, an endothelin receptor antagonist and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a biphenylyltetrazole and a member of imidazoles. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a non-peptide angiotensin II antagonist with antihypertensive activity. Upon administration, it and its active metabolite selectively and competitively blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the angiotensin I (AT1) receptor. This blocks the vasoconstricting and aldosterone-secreting actions of angiotensin II, leading to a decrease in blood pressure. Angiotensin II, formed from angiotensin I by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), stimulates the adrenal cortex to synthesize and secrete aldosterone, which decreases the excretion of sodium and increases the excretion of potassium. Angiotensin II also acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. 
it is a cyclosporin A derivative that is cyclosporin A in which residue 9 (N-methylleucine) has been hydroxylated at the carbon bearing the two methyl groups and in which residue 1 [(2S,3R,4R,6E)-3-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-(methylamino)oct-6-enoic acid] has been hydroxylated at position 8 while the hydroxy group at position 3 has undergone addition to the double bond to give the corresponding oxolane. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a cyclosporin A derivative, a member of oxolanes and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a cyclosporin A metabolite M8. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by bromine while a second is replaced by chlorine. A low-melting (27.5-31.5â„ƒ), hygroscopic crystalline solid, it can be formed during the disinfection (by chlorination) of water that contains bromide ions and organic matter, so can occur in drinking water as a byproduct of the disinfection process. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an organochlorine compound and a 2-bromocarboxylic acid. 
it is a biflavonoid that is obtained by oxidative coupling of two molecules of apigenin resulting in a bond between positions C-3 of the hydroxyphenyl ring and C-8 of the chromene ring. A natural product found particularly in Ginkgo biloba and Hypericum perforatum. It has a role as a cathepsin B inhibitor, an antiviral agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor, a P450 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a ring assembly. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is genistein substituted by prenyl groups at positions 6 and 8. It has been isolated from Derris scandens and Glycyrrhiza uralensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It derives from a genistein. 
it is a mixture of (E)- and (Z)-it in an unspecified ratio. It is used as a systemic fungicide used on vines, potatoes, and greenhouse crops; only the Z isomer has fungicidal activity. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a mixture and a morpholine fungicide. It contains an it and a (Z)-it. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03540524 (A Study Looking at the Safety, Tolerability and Efficacy of the Combination of the Study Drugs GLPG2451 and it With or Without GLPG2737 in Patients With Cystic Fibrosis.). 
it is a primary fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of erucic acid with ammonia. It is commonly used as a slip additive in the plastic manufacturing industry. It has a role as a human metabolite, a rat metabolite, a mammalian metabolite, a plant metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It derives from an erucic acid. 
it is the methanesulfonic acid salt of dihydroergocristine. It has been used as the for the symptomatic treatment of mental deterioration associated with cerebrovascular insufficiency and in peripheral vascular disease. It is also a component of ergoloid mesylate (codergocrine mesilate), a mixture of ergot alkaloid derivatives that is used as a vasodilator and has shown mild benefits in the treatment of vascular dementia. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It contains a dihydroergocristine. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is pregnenolone with a double bond between positions 16 and 17. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid and an enone. It derives from a pregnenolone. 
it is a member of the class of prostaglandins A that is prosta-5,8(12),13,17-tetraen-1-oic acid carrying oxo and hydsroxy substituents at positions 9 and 15 respectively (the 5Z,13E,15S,17Z-stereoisomer). It has a role as a rat metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a prostaglandins B and a secondary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a prostaglandin B3(1-). 
it is a germacranolide isolated from Lychnophora antillana and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic ketone and a germacranolide. 
it is a retinoid that consists of all-trans-retinoic acid bearing an oxo substituent at position 4 on the cyclohexenyl ring. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a retinoid and an enone. It derives from an all-trans-retinoic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tricarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly three carboxyl groups. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
An antiviral antibiotic produced by Cephalosporium aphidicola and other fungi. It inhibits the growth of eukaryotic cells and certain animal viruses by selectively inhibiting the cellular replication of DNA polymerase II or the viral-induced DNA polymerases. The drug may be useful for controlling excessive cell proliferation in patients with cancer, psoriasis or other dermatitis with little or no adverse effect upon non-multiplying cells. 
it is the ester resulting from formal condensation of benzilic acid and 3-hydroxy-1-methyl-1-azoniabicyclo[2.2.2]octane. It is used, generally as the bromide, for the symptomatic treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowel syndrome. It has a role as a parasympatholytic, an antispasmodic drug and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a quaternary ammonium ion, a carboxylic ester and an organic cation. It derives from a benzilic acid and a 3-quinuclidinol. 
it (it) is a novel noncompetitive inhibitor of IMPDH. it is orally bioavailable and inhibits the proliferation of primary human, mouse, rat, and dog lymphocytes at concentrations of approximately 100 nM. it is an inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) inhibitor with activity against hepatitis C virus (HCV). IMPDH catalyzes the rate-limiting step in the de novo synthesis of guanine nucleotides, and treatment with it reduces the intracellular guanine nucleotide levels that are required for RNA and DNA synthesis, resulting in antiproliferative and antiviral effect. 
A pteridine derivative present in body fluids; elevated levels result from immune system activation, malignant disease, allograft rejection, and viral infections. (From Stedman, 26th ed) it also serves as a precursor in the biosynthesis of biopterin. 
Fumitremorgin b, also known as lanosulin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta carbolines. Beta carbolines are compounds containing a 9H-pyrido[3, 4-b]indole moiety. Fumitremorgin b exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, fumitremorgin b is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Fumitremorgin b is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is an alpha-diketone that is pentane substituted at the 2- and 3-positions by oxo groups. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It is an alpha-diketone and a methyl ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pentane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, apple, and fresh taste. 
P-methyl benzyl alcohol appears as needles or off-white crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a methylbenzyl alcohol in which the methyl substituent is para to the hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a fragrance. 
2-Propanoylthiophene, also known as ethyl 2-thienyl ketone or 1-(2-thienyl)propanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 2-Propanoylthiophene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-propanoylthiophene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Propanoylthiophene has a caramel and creamy taste. 
it, also known as 7, 8-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kavalactones. These are lactones, which is structurally characterized by a benzene ring and a pyranone moiety, linked to each other to form a 4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, marindinin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, marindinin can be found in beverages. This makes marindinin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl amines. N-acyl amines are compounds containing a fatty acid moiety linked to an amine group through an ester linkage. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the calcium salt of docusate, a dioctyl salt and an emollient laxative with stool-softening activity. Docusate decreases surface tension and emulsification of fecal matter and allows water to penetrate and mix with stool. As a result, it softens the stool. 
2, 3, 4, 5-Tetrahydroxypentanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sugar acids and derivatives. Sugar acids and derivatives are compounds containing a saccharide unit which bears a carboxylic acid group. 2, 3, 4, 5-Tetrahydroxypentanoic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2, 3, 4, 5-Tetrahydroxypentanoic acid has been primarily detected in urine. 
Hydroxyethyl cellulose is a polysaccharide derivative with gel thickening, emulsifying, bubble-forming, water-retaining and stabilizing properties. It is used as a key ingredient in many household cleaning products, lubricants and cosmetics due to its non-ionic and water-soluble nature. It is often used as an ingredient in ophthalmic pharmaceutical preparations such as artificial tear solutions and adjunct agent in topical drug formulations to facilitate the delivery of drugs with hydrophobic character. 
it is the ester resulting from the formal condensation of 1-cyclohexylcyclohexanecarboxylic acid with 2-(diethylamino)ethanol. An anticholinergic, it is used as the hydrochloride to treat or prevent spasm in the muscles of the gastrointestinal tract, particularly that associated with irritable bowel syndrome. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antispasmodic drug and a parasympatholytic. It is a tertiary amine and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a 2-diethylaminoethanol and a 1,1'-bi(cyclohexyl)-1-carboxylic acid. it is a carboxylic acid derivative and a selective anticholinergic with antispasmodic activity. it blocks acetylcholine from binding to muscarinic receptors on smooth muscle. This agent has a direct relaxing effect on smooth muscle and therefore prevents spasms in the muscles of the gastrointestinal tract, inhibits gastrointestinal propulsive motility, decreases gastric acid secretion and controls excessive pharyngeal, tracheal and bronchial secretion. 
it is the tertiary alcohol arising from addition of water across the C=C double bond of citronellal. It has a role as an allergen and a fragrance. It derives from a citronellal. 
it is a 2,6-diaminopurine that is (1S)-cyclopent-2-en-1-ylmethanol in which the pro-R hydrogen at the 4-position is substituted by a 2-amino-6-(cyclopropylamino)-9H-purin-9-yl group. A nucleoside analogue reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) with antiretroviral activity against HIV, it is used (particularly as the sulfate) with other antiretrovirals in combination therapy of HIV infection. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor, an antiviral drug and a drug allergen. it is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of guanosine. This agent decreases HIV viral loads, retards or prevents the damage to the immune system, and reduces the risk of developing AIDS. 
it is a primary aliphatic ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of ethanolamine arising from protonation of the primary amino function. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an ethanolamine. 
A factor synthesized in a wide variety of tissues. It acts synergistically with TGF-alpha in inducing phenotypic transformation and can also act as a negative autocrine growth factor. it has a potential role in embryonal development, cellular differentiation, hormone secretion, and immune function. it is found mostly as homodimer forms of separate gene products it1, it2 or it3. Heterodimers composed of it1 and 2 (it1.2) or of it2 and 3 (it2.3) have been isolated. The it proteins are synthesized as precursor proteins. 
it is a stilbenoid that is the (2R,3R)-trans-stereoisomer of delta-viniferin, obtained by cyclodimerisation of trans-resveratrol. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a polyphenol and a stilbenoid. It derives from a trans-resveratrol. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,3S)-trans-delta-viniferin. 
HU-308 is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.1.1]hept-2-ene which is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 2, a 2,6-dimethoxy-4-(2-methyloctan-2-yl)phenyl group at position 4, and two methyl groups at position 6 (the 1S,4S,5S stereoisomer). A highly selective and effective cannabinoid type-2 agonist and the enantiomer of HU-433. It has a role as a CB2 receptor agonist, an anti-inflammatory agent, a bone density conservation agent, an apoptosis inhibitor and an antihypertensive agent. It is a bridged compound, a carbobicyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a synthetic cannabinoid and a primary allylic alcohol. 
it is a synthetic galactosylfructose disaccharide used in the treatment of constipation and hepatic encephalopathy. It has a role as a laxative and a gastrointestinal drug. it is a disaccharide (sugar) synthesized from fructose and galactose, it is used to treat constipation and some liver diseases. Nondigestible in mammals, lactulose passes unabsorbed down to the large intestine where resident bacteria consume it and produce lactic, acetic, and formic acids, which draw fluid into the bowel to soften the stool (laxative effect). Acidification of the colon contents attracts ammonia from the bloodstream, assisting stool excretion; helpful in liver failure when ammonia cannot be detoxified. (NCI04) 
it is a lactam obtained by formal cyclocondensation of creatine. It is a metabolite of creatine. It has a role as a diagnostic agent and a human metabolite. It is a lactam and an imidazolidinone. It derives from a creatine. it is the breakdown product of creatine, a constituent of muscle tissue, that is excreted by the kidney and whose serum level is used to evaluate kidney function. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is 24,25-dihydrolanosterol carrying an additional methylene substituent at position 24. A natural product found in Taiwanofungus camphoratus. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a 14alpha-methyl steroid. It derives from a 24,25-dihydrolanosterol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketoximes. These are organic compounds with the general formula RC(R')=NOH (R, R' = organyl). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a buchu, clean, and fresh taste. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1-methylimidazole substituted by bis(trimethylsilyl)amino and trimethylsilyl groups at positions 2 and 5 respectively. It is a member of imidazoles, a silyl ether and a N-silyl compound. 
A water-soluble extractive mixture of sulfated polysaccharides from RED ALGAE. Chief sources are the Irish moss CHONDRUS CRISPUS (Carrageen), and Gigartina stellata. It is used as a stabilizer, for suspending COCOA in chocolate manufacture, and to clarify BEVERAGES. 
it is a beta-amino acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by a dimethylamino group. It is a tertiary amino compound and a beta-amino acid. It derives from a N-methyl-beta-alanine. 
1-O-glyceryl beta-D-galactopyranoside is a D-it that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the hydrogen of the anomeric hydroxy group has been replaced by a 2,3-dihydroxypropyl group. 
it is a piperidinecarboxylate ester that is methyl piperidine-4-carboxylate in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 3-methoxy-3-oxopropyl group and the hydrogen at position 4 is substituted the nitrogen of N-propanoylaniline. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an opioid analgesic, an intravenous anaesthetic and a sedative. It is an anilide, a piperidinecarboxylate ester, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an alpha-amino acid ester. 
it is a member of the class of muricholic acids in which the hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 7 have alpha and beta configuration, respectively. 
it, also known as it or a-ethyl-a-methylbenzenepropanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, anisic, and cayloxol taste. 
Talbutal belongs to the class of organic compounds known as barbituric acid derivatives. Barbituric acid derivatives are compounds containing a perhydropyrimidine ring substituted at C-2, -4 and -6 by oxo groups. Talbutal exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Talbutal has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it appears as orange-red crystals or dark brown chunky solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a molecule whose structure comprises two phenyl rings linked by a N=N double bond; the parent compound of the it class of compounds. 
it, also known as it or mednj, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidines. Piperidines are compounds containing a piperidine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member ring with one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it exists as a solid, very soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the phosphate of choline; and the parent compound of the it family. It has a role as an epitope, a hapten, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the sodium salt of imetelstat, a synthetic lipid-conjugated, 13-mer oligonucleotide N3' P5'-thio-phosphoramidate with potential antineoplastic activity. Complementary to the template region of telomerase RNA (hTR), imetelstat acts as a competitive enzyme inhibitor that binds and blocks the active site of the enzyme (a telomerase template antagonist), a mechanism of action which differs from that for the antisense oligonucleotide-mediated inhibition of telomerase activity through telomerase mRNA binding. Inhibition of telomerase activity in tumor cells by imetelstat results in telomere shortening, which leads to cell cycle arrest or apoptosis. 
it, also known as 1, 1-dimethyl-2-phenyl-ethanol or benzyl dimethyl carbinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a bitter, clean, and cortex tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Dabigatran etexilate, also known as pradaxa or etexilate, dabigatran, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzimidazoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to an imidazole ring (five member ring containing a nitrogen atom, 4 carbon atoms, and two double bonds). Dabigatran etexilate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Dabigatran etexilate has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, dabigatran etexilate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Dabigatran etexilate can be converted into dabigatran. 
it appears as a liquid. Boiling point 75Â°C. Used to make plastics. Polymerization in a closed container can cause pressurization and explosive rupture. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a long-chain fatty aldehyde that is pentadecane carrying an oxo substituent at position 1. It is a component of essential oils from plants like Solanum erianthum and Cassia siamea. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty aldehyde and a 2,3-saturated fatty aldehyde. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-fluoro-5-morpholin-4-ylbenzoic acid with the amino group of 1-[2-(pyridin-4-yl)ethyl]indol-6-amine It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of morpholines, a member of indoles, a member of benzamides, an aminoalkylpyridine and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it is a linear amino tetrasaccharide consisting of two galactosyl, one glucosamine, two fucose and one glucose residue (at the reducing end) linked as shown. It is an amino hexasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is a member of the class of barbiturates, the structure of which is that of barbituric acid substituted at C-5 by two ethyl groups. Formerly used as a hypnotic (sleeping aid). It has a role as a drug allergen. 
it is a heteroarenecarbaldehyde that is indole in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a formyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a bacterial metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a heteroarenecarbaldehyde, an indole alkaloid and a member of indoles. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone having the two hydroxy substituents at the 1- and 4-positions; formally derived from anthraquinone by replacement of two hydrogen atoms by hydroxy groups It has a role as a dye. 
Sirius red 4B (acid form) is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is 7-amino-4-hydroxy-3-({4-[(4-sulfophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl}diazenyl)naphthalene-2-sulfonic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a benzoyl group. The disodium salt is the histological dye 'Sirius red 4B'. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye, an environmental contaminant and a poison. It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols, a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of benzamides. It is a conjugate acid of a Sirius red 4B(2-). 
Staurosporine is a cell permeable alkaloid isolated from Streptomyces staurosporeus exhibiting anti-cancer activity. Staurosporine is a potent, non-selective inhibitor of protein kinases, including protein kinase C. This agent induces apoptosis by an undetermined mechanism. (NCI) 
The methyl imidoester of suberic acid used to produce cross links in proteins. Each end of the imidoester will react with an amino group in the protein molecule to form an amidine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indanones. Indanones are compounds containing an indane ring bearing a ketone group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables and root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a pyrazolidine that is phenylbutazone which is substituted by a 3-carboxypropanoylmethyl group at the 4-position. it is a prodrug for phenylbutazone and is commonly used as an anti-inflammatory drug in horses. It has a role as a prodrug, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antirheumatic drug, a non-narcotic analgesic and a peripheral nervous system drug. It is a member of pyrazolidines, a monocarboxylic acid and a hemisuccinate. 
it is a sulfonamide in which the nitrogen is the piperidinyl nitrogen of a 2-(pyridin-3-yl)piperidin-1-yl group and the sulfonyl sulfur carries a 4-acetamidophenyl substituent. It is a sulfonamide, a member of acetamides, a member of piperidines and a member of pyridines. 
it is a methoxybenzene carrying methoxy groups at positions 1, 3 and 5. It has been found to be a biomarker of flavonoid consumption in humans. It has a role as a biomarker and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
11-Hydroxy-delta-9-THC, also known as 11-hydroxy-Î”-9-thc, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. 11-Hydroxy-delta-9-THC is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 11-Hydroxy-delta-9-THC has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 11-hydroxy-delta-9-THC is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the threo-diastereomer of it. It has a role as a reducing agent, a chelator and a human metabolite. It is a dithiol and a it. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid and 2,3,5,6-tetrafluorobenzyl alcohol. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide. It is a carboxylic ester, a member of cyclopropanes, an organochlorine compound and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
it is a corticosteroid that is often employed topically as a treatment for a variety of conditions such as eczema, psoriasis, various forms of dermatitis, and also for certain ophthalmologic conditions. Topical it butyrate has shown minimal suppression of the Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis. 
it, also known as it or 4-methoxylonchocarpin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoxazoles. These are heterocyclic organic compounds containing an isoxazole moiety, with a structure characterized by a five-member aromatic ring with one oxygen atom and one nitrogen atom at ring positions 1 and 2, respectively. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-oxo-2(5H)-isoxazolepropanenitrile is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5-oxo-2(5H)-isoxazolepropanenitrile can be found in common pea and pulses. This makes 5-oxo-2(5H)-isoxazolepropanenitrile a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a myo-inositol pentakisphosphate that consists of 1D-myo-inositol having the five phospho groups located at positions 1, 2, 3, 4 and 6 as well as a diphospho group at position 5. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(13-). 
it is an imidazole-4-carboxylic acid compound having a ureido substituent at the 5-position. It is an imidazole-4-carboxylic acid and a member of ureas. 
it is an organic monosodium salt that has ethoxide as the counterion. It has a role as a nucleophilic reagent. It contains an ethoxide. 
it is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-{[(4-carbamimidoylphenyl)amino]methyl}-1-methyl-1H-benzimidazole-5-carboxylic acid with the secondary amoino group of N-pyridin-2-yl-beta-alanine. The active metabolite of the prodrug it etexilate, it acts as an anticoagulant which is used for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism. It has a role as an anticoagulant, an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor and an EC 1.10.99.2 [ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor. It is an aromatic amide, a member of benzimidazoles, a carboxamidine, a member of pyridines and a beta-alanine derivative. 
Vidarabine is a nucleoside analog with activity against herpes simplex virus and varicella zoster virus. Vidarabine is converted to a monophosphate by viral thymidine kinase and is further modified to a triphosphate form by host enzymes. Vidarabine triphosphate directly inhibits DNA polymerase and also acts as a chain terminator in DNA replication. 
it is an acetylenic fatty acid anion and the conjugate base of propynoic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It is a monocarboxylic acid anion, an acetylenic fatty acid anion and a short-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a propynoic acid. 
A potassium-channel opening vasodilator that has been investigated in the management of hypertension. It has also been tried in patients with asthma. (Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p352) 
it appears as a colorless, odorless gas shipped as a liquid under own vapor pressure. Contact with the unconfined liquid may cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Easily ignited. Vapors heavier than air. A leak may be either liquid or vapor. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat may cause the containers to violently rupture and rocket. 
it is conjugate base of L-histidinol phosphate having an anionic phosphate and a catoinic amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a L-histidinol phosphate. 
it is the calcium salt of acetic acid. It is used, commonly as a hydrate, to treat hyperphosphataemia (excess phosphate in the blood) in patients with kidney disease: the calcium ion combines with dietary phosphate to form (insoluble) calcium phosphate, which is excreted in the faeces. It has a role as a chelator. It contains an acetate. it is a calcium salt of acetic acid. Calcium is a mineral essential for many cellular functions including nerve impulse transmission, muscle contraction, cardiac function, bone formation, and capillary and cell membrane permeability. it is administered orally to prevent or treat calcium deficiency and to treat hyperphosphatemia due to its phosphate-binding properties. 
it is an isocyanate comprising a benzene core with isocyanato- and methyl substituents ortho to each other. It has a role as a hapten. It is a member of isocyanates and a member of toluenes. 
it is an organoammonium salt obtained by reaction of fosaprepitant with two equivalents of 1-deoxy-1-(methylamino)-D-glucitol. A substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptor antagonist. Aprepitant is a selective high-affinity antagonist of human substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptors. Aprepitant has little or no affinity for serotonin (5-HT3), dopamine, and corticosteroid receptors, the targets of existing therapies for chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting and postoperative nausea and vomiting It has a role as a prodrug, an antiemetic and a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist. It contains a fosaprepitant(2-). Fosaprepitant Dimeglumine is the dimeglumine salt form of fosaprepitant, the water-soluble, N-phosphorylated prodrug of aprepitant, with antiemetic activity. Upon intravenous administration and rapid conversion to aprepitant, this agent binds selectively to the human substance P/neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptors in the central nervous system (CNS). This inhibits receptor binding of the endogenous substance P and prevents substance P-induced emesis. 
it is d-Galactopyranose having alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of an alpha-L-galactose. 
it appears as white crystals or powder. Melting point 163-164Â°C. Readily soluble in organic solvents. Used for pre- and post-emergence weed control in cotton. 
it is a colorless liquid with a mild pleasant odor. Density 9.2 lb /gal. Flash point 191Â°F. Boiling point 369Â°F. Combustible but requires some effort to ignite. Used in the manufacture of perfumes, printing ink, lacquers and resins. 
it is a hydrazide derivative of m-sulfamoylbenzoic acid with diuretic activity. it primarily causes a saluretic effect and is able to inhibit carbonic anhydrase at higher doses which may also contribute to this agent's diuretic effect. 
it is a cardiotonic quinolinone derivative, that suppresses cell proliferation and induces apoptosis by inducing the expression of p21, an inhibitor of cyclin dependent kinase activity in p53-mediated cell cycle arrest. (NCI) 
Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate. A coenzyme composed of ribosylnicotinamide 5'-phosphate (NMN) coupled by pyrophosphate linkage to the 5'-phosphate adenosine 2',5'-bisphosphate. It serves as an electron carrier in a number of reactions, being alternately oxidized (NADP+) and reduced (NADPH). (Dorland, 27th ed) 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside that is 2'-deoxycytidine having a cyano group in the 2'-position. It is the active metabolite of the anti-cancer drug, sapacitabine which is currently in clinical development for the treatment of hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a drug metabolite and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside and a nitrile. Deoxycytidine Analogue it is an analogue of the nucleoside deoxycytidine with potential antineoplastic activity. Nucleoside analogue it is incorporated into DNA and directly inhibits the activity of DNA polymerase, which may result in inhibition of DNA replication and cell cycle arrest in the S and G2/M phases, DNA fragmentation, and tumor cell apoptosis. 
Cicloxolone is a broad spectrum antiviral agent with a largely non-specific and complex mode of antiviral action. Cicloxolone has been shown to impair Golgi apparatus functions related to transport of glycoproteins of vesicular stomatitis virus. 
Arsenic trioxide is a chemotherapeutic agent of idiopathic function used to treat leukemia that is unresponsive to first line agents. It is suspected that arsenic trisulfide induces cancer cells to undergo apoptosis. In general, arsenic is known to be a naturally toxic substance capable of eliciting a variety of dangerous adverse effects. The enzyme thioredoxin reductase has recently been identified as a target for arsenic trioxide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-dioxoaporphines. These are alkaloids that contains the tetracyclic aporphine skeleton with two C=O groups at the 4- and 5-positions. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless gas. Noncombustible but accelerates the burning of combustible material. Vapors heavier than air. Very toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Heating the containers may cause them to rupture violently and rocket. it is a nitrogen oxide which is a free radical, each molecule of which consists of one nitrogen and one oxygen atom. It has a role as a neurotransmitter, a signalling molecule, a vasodilator agent, a bronchodilator agent, a radical scavenger, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a nitrogen oxide, an inorganic radical, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a member of reactive oxygen species. it is an unstable free-radical gas which reacts rapidly with oxygen to form nitrogen oxides. Water soluble, NO is produced normally in numerous tissues and is considered to be a mediator of cell-to cell communication; it functions in numerous processes including vasodilation, inflammation, and neurotransmission. (NCI04) 
it is the hydrochloride salt of an anthrapyrazole antineoplastic antibiotic. Teloxantrone intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair, as well as RNA and protein synthesis 
Quinidine is an alkaloid extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree with class 1A antiarrhythmic and antimalarial effects. Quinidine stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses resulting in an increase of the threshold for excitation and decreased depolarization during phase 0 of the action potential. In addition, the effective refractory period (ERP), action potential duration (APD), and ERP/APD ratios are increased, resulting in decreased conduction velocity of nerve impulses. Quinidine exerts its antimalarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the heme polymer (hemazoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. 
it is a C20 striaght-chain saturated fatty acid which forms a minor constituent of peanut (L. arachis) and corn oils. Used as an organic thin film in the production of liquid crystals for a wide variety of technical applications. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an icosanoate. it is a saturated long-chain fatty acid with a 20-carbon backbone. it is found naturally as a minor component of peanut oil. 
This liquid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide with an inert solid. 
it is a tetritol that is erythritol substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an erythritol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a tetrachlorobenzene formed formally by chlorination of biphenyl-4,4'-diol at C-2, -3, -5 and -6. It derives from a biphenyl-4,4'-diol. 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of 2,6-dimethylaniline with the carboxy group of (tetrahydro-1H-pyrrolizin-7a(5H)-yl)acetic acid. It is a sodium channel blocker which is used as an antiarrhythmic drug for the management of atrial tachyarrhythmias in Japan. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug and a sodium channel blocker. It is a secondary carboxamide and an organic heterobicyclic compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a cabbage and sulfurous taste. 
it is the citrate salt of an antineoplastic nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). Tamoxifen competitively inhibits the binding of estradiol to estrogen receptors, thereby preventing the receptor from binding to the estrogen-response element on DNA. The result is a reduction in DNA synthesis and cellular response to estrogen. In addition, tamoxifen up-regulates the production of transforming growth factor B (TGFb), a factor that inhibits tumor cell growth, and down-regulates insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1), a factor that stimulates breast cancer cell growth. Tamoxifen also down-regulates protein kinase C (PKC) expression in a dose-dependant manner, inhibiting signal transduction and producing an antiproliferative effect in tumors such as malignant glioma and other cancers that overexpress PKC. 
it is the benzathine salt form of a semisynthetic beta-lactamase resistant penicillin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cloxacillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to a weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing bacterial cell lysis. 
it is a member of the class of 2,1-benzoxathioles that is 2,1-benzoxathiole 1,1-dioxide in which both of the hydrogens at position 3 have been substituted by 4-hydroxy-5-methylphenyl groups. It has a role as an acid-base indicator, a dye and a two-colour indicator. It is a 2,1-benzoxathiole, an arenesulfonate ester, a polyphenol and a sultone. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyanogenic glycosides. These are glycosides in which the aglycone moiety contains a cyanide group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, gynocardin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, gynocardin can be found in fruits and rowal. This makes gynocardin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a proprietary 44-nucleotide L-stereoisomer RNA oligonucleotide conjugated to a 40 kDa polyethylene glycol (PEG) that targets hepcidin with potential anti-anemic activity. Upon intravenous or subcutaneous administration, lexaptepid pegol binds to hepcidin and prevents it from binding to the iron channel ferroportin, located on the basolateral surface of gastrointestinal enterocytes and the plasma membrane of macrophages. This prevents hepcidin-induced internalization and degradation of ferroportin, thus decreasing macrophage iron retention. In turn, binding of NOX-H94 to hepcidin normalizes plasma iron levels and increases erythropoiesis. This may inhibit anemia caused by inflammation. Hepcidin, a peptide hormone that plays a key role in the homeostasis of systemic iron, is upregulated during acute and chronic inflammation in response to cytokines. The unique mirror-image configuration of this agent renders it resistant to hydrolysis and shows a low antigenicity profile. Pegylation increases the half-life of this agent. it is a 45-mer L-stereoisomer RNA oligonucleotide linked to a 40 kDa polyethyleneglycol that targets the small chemokine stromal cell-derived factor 1 (SDF-1 or CXCL12) with potential antineoplastic and hematopoietic stem cell-mobilization activities. SDF-1 targeted agent NOX-A12 specifically binds to SDF-1 thereby preventing the binding of SDF-1 to its receptors CXCR4 and CXCR7 blocking the subsequent receptor activation. This may prevent angiogenesis, tumor cell proliferation, invasion and metastasis and could sensitize tumor cells to chemotherapy. In addition, inhibition of SDF-1/CXCR4 interaction may induce mobilization of hematopoietic cells from the bone marrow into blood. The unique mirror-image configuration of this agent renders it resistant to hydrolysis and does not hybridize with native nucleic acids. Furthermore, this agent does not induce the innate immune response and has shown a favorable immunogenicity profile. 
4, 5-Dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole, also known as 2-iso-propyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole or 4, 5-dimethyl-2-isopropyloxazole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 4, 5-Dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 4, 5-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole can be found in cocoa and cocoa products, coffee and coffee products, nuts, and potato. This makes 4, 5-dimethyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isopentyl 3-methyl-2-butenoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an odorless, colorless gas. It is noncombustible. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
The calcium salt of gluconic acid. The compound has a variety of uses, including its use as a calcium replenisher in hypocalcemic states. 
it is a beta-hydroxy ketone that is butan-2-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It is a beta-hydroxy ketone and a methyl ketone. It derives from a butan-2-one. 
it is a member of the class of cardenolides that is 5beta-card-20(22)-enolide which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 11alpha, and 14beta positions. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 14beta-hydroxy steroid and a member of cardenolides. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cardanolide. 
Hapalindole is any member of large group of hapalindole-type alkaloids that are bioactive metabolites of the Subsection V (formerly order Stigonematales)in the phylum Cyanobacteria which have either a tetracyclic structure based on 10-isocyano-6,6,9-trimethyl-9-vinyl-2,6,6a,7,8,9,10,10a-octahydronaphtho[1,2,3-cd]indole, or a tricyclic structure resulting from the cleavage of the bond linking the indole ring to the dimethyl-substituted carbon. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
it is a chromenol that is 2,2-dimethyl-2H-chromene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7, a 3-acetyl-2,4,6-trihydroxy-5-methylbenzyl group at position 6 and a (1E)-3-oxo-1-phenylprop-1-en-3-yl group at position 8. A potassium channel opener, it is isolated from Mallotus philippensis. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a metabolite, a K-ATP channel agonist, an antihypertensive agent and an anti-allergic agent. It is an enone, a chromenol, a benzenetriol, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is the D-enantiomer of O-phosphoserine. It is a conjugate acid of an O-phosphonatooxy-D-serine(2-). It is an enantiomer of an O-phospho-L-serine. 
it, also known as 3-acetyl t-2 or T-2 acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
2-(4-methyl-1-piperazinyl)ethanamine is a N-alkylpiperazine that is piperazine substituted by a methyl and a 2-aminoethyl group at the N atoms respectively. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an acyl-CoA(4-) obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate and diphosphate OH groups of (5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)-it. It is a polyunsaturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-) and an (11Z)-Delta(11)-fatty acyl-CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of a (5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)-it. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a sweet pungent taste and odor resembling the odor of oranges. Freezes under cool conditions. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Vapor heavier than air. A mild irritant to skin and eyes. Vapors can be narcotic in high concentrations. Used as a flavoring, solvent, and polymerization catalyst. it is a methyl ketone that is acetone in which one of the methyl groups has been replaced by a phenyl group. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, an animal metabolite and a xenobiotic. 
it is the tosylate salt of sorafenib, a synthetic compound targeting growth signaling and angiogenesis. Sorafenib blocks the enzyme RAF kinase, a critical component of the RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway that controls cell division and proliferation; in addition, sorafenib inhibits the VEGFR-2/PDGFR-beta signaling cascade, thereby blocking tumor angiogenesis. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point below 200Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic by inhalation, ingestion, and skin absorption in high concentrations or under prolonged exposures. Used in the manufacture of organic chemicals. Density about 8 lb / gal. 
it is a member of the class of phytosterols that is poriferast-5-ene carrying a beta-hydroxy substituent at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a member of phytosterols and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a hydride of a poriferastane. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of pitavastatin, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a pitavastatin. it is a calcium salt formulation of pitavastatin, a novel statin that induces plaque regression and elevates HDL-cholesterol levels. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid that is pimelic acid carrying a single oxo substituent at position 2. It derives from a pimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxopimelate(2-). 
it is the acetate ester of 3-phenylpropan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite and a fragrance. It is a member of benzenes and an acetate ester. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Kidney Disease, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid consisting of 2-hydroxybenzoic acid having nitro substituents at the 3- and 5-positions. It is used in colorimetric testing for the presence of free carbonyl groups (C=O) in reducing sugars. It has a role as a hapten. It is a C-nitro compound and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is an omega-hydroxy-long-chain fatty acid that is octadecanoic (stearic) acid in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl group has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer. It is a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid and an omega-hydroxy-long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 18-hydroxyoctadecanoate. 
it is an imidazolyl carboxylic acid that is 1H-imidazole with methyl and carboxylic acid group substituents at positions 5 and 2 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of midazolam. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an antineoplastic agent, an anxiolytic drug, an apoptosis inducer, a central nervous system depressant, a GABAA receptor agonist, a general anaesthetic, a muscle relaxant and a sedative. It is an imidazobenzodiazepine and a hydrochloride. It contains a midazolam. it is the hydrochloride salt of a short-acting benzodiazepine derivative with an imidazole structure and anxiolytic, amnestic, hypnotic, anticonvulsant and sedative properties. Midazolam binds to the benzodiazepine receptor at the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor-chloride ionophore complex in the central nervous system (CNS), resulting in increases in the opening of chloride channels, membrane hyperpolarization, and the inhibitory effect of GABA. This agent may also interfere with the reuptake of GABA, thereby causing accumulation of GABA in the synaptic cleft. 
2, 5-Diethylpyrazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 5-Diethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-diethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 5-diethylpyrazine can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 5-diethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C30H48O2, originally isolated from the leaves of Syzygium formosanum. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an aliphatic aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a friedelane. 
(-)-it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C22H28N2O3, isolated from several plant species. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound, a methyl ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an alkaloid ester. It is a conjugate base of a (-)-it(1+). 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. May irritate skin and mucous membranes; may be mildly toxic by ingestion; may emit irritating fumes in a fire. Vapors are much heavier than air. Used as a solvent for plastics and in the manufacture of perfumes and pharmaceuticals. 
it is the R- (active) enantiomer of dichlorprop. It is used as a herbicide for killing annual and broad leaf weeds. It has a role as an agrochemical, an EC 1.11.1.6 (catalase) inhibitor, a synthetic auxin and a phenoxy herbicide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-dichlorprop. 
it is phenol substituted at C-2 and C-4 by a methoxy group and an N,N-diethylaminocarbonyl group respectively. A respiratory stimulant drug related to nikethamide, it has now fallen largely into disuse. It is a member of phenols and a member of methoxybenzenes. 
it is a 6-hydroxynicotine. It derives from a (S)-nicotine. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-6-hydroxynicotinium(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-6-hydroxynicotine. 
it is an acyl-CoA(4-) arising from deprotonation of the phosphate and diphosphate functions of (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-it. It is a polyunsaturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-), a very long-chain acyl-CoA(4-) and a (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoyl derivative. It is a conjugate base of a (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-it. 
it is the 3alpha-stereoisomer of 3-hydroxy-5beta-pregnan-20-one. It has a role as an intravenous anaesthetic, a sedative and a human metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy-5beta-pregnan-20-one and a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a halide anion and a monoatomic iodine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyindoles that is 1H-indole substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It is a member of phenols and a member of hydroxyindoles. 
it is a benzimidazole derivative that is used in combination with sofosbuvir (under the trade name Harvoni) for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C genotype 1 infection. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a hepatitis C protease inhibitor. It is a carbamate ester, a L-valine derivative, a bridged compound, a carboxamide, a benzimidazole, a member of fluorenes, an organofluorine compound, a member of imidazoles, a N-acylpyrrolidine and an azaspiro compound. it is an orally available inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) non-structural protein 5A (NS5A) replication complex, with potential activity against HCV. Upon oral administration and after intracellular uptake, it binds to and blocks the activity of the NS5A protein. This results in the disruption of the viral RNA replication complex, blockage of HCV RNA production, and inhibition of viral replication. NS5A, a zinc-binding and proline-rich hydrophilic phosphoprotein, plays a crucial role in HCV RNA replication. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family; HCV infection is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
1-Methyl-2-pyrrolecarboxaldehyde, also known as 1-methyl-2-formylpyrrole or 2-formyl-1-methylpyrrole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl-aldehydes. Aryl-aldehydes are compounds containing an aldehyde group directly attached to an aromatic ring. 1-Methyl-2-pyrrolecarboxaldehyde is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-methyl-2-pyrrolecarboxaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a yellow oily liquid with a faint characteristic odor. Boiling point 151-153Â°C. Can reasonably be expected to be a carcinogen. Used as an antioxidant, as an additive for lubricants and as a softener of copolymers. An intermediate in 1,1-dimethylhydrazine production. it is a nitrosamine. It has a role as a mutagen. it is a volatile, combustible, yellow, oily liquid nitrosamine with a faint characteristic odor that decomposes when exposed to light and emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides when heated to decomposition. it is primarily used in laboratory research to induce tumors in experimental animals. This substance may be formed during the cooking of foods, especially cured meats and fish, that contain sodium nitrite as a preservative, but is also found in several vegetables, cheeses, alcoholic beverages and fruits, and as a contaminant in rubber products. Exposure to NNitrosodimethylamine irritates the skin and eyes and damages the liver. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections. it is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. it is active against AZT-resistant virus strains. 
it is the L-enantiomer of dopachrome. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-dopachromate. It is an enantiomer of a D-dopachrome. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of linoleic acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
it is an acetate ester that is phenyl acetate substituted by a formyl group at position 4. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of phenyl acetates. 
it, also known as fema 3706, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methyl DL-leucate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, fruity, and musty taste. 
it, also known as b-phenylethylmercaptan or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a rubber taste. 
it is a multivalent Kunitz-type serine protease inhibitor derived from human urine, with potential protective, anti-fibrinolytic and anticoagulant activities. Upon administration, it (or urinary trypsinogen inhibitor) inhibits the activities of a variety of enzymes, including trypsin, chymotrypsin, thrombin, kallikrein, plasmin, elastase, cathepsin, lipase, hyaluronidase, factors IXa, Xa, XIa, and XlIa, and polymorphonuclear leukocyte elastase. In addition, it inhibits the excessive release of proinflammatory mediators, such as tumor necrosis factor-alpha, interleukin-6 and -8, and chemokines. Altogether, this agent may improve the microcirculation, perfusion and function of tissues and may protect organ injury. 
(1R, 2R, 4S)-p-Menthane-1, 2, 8-triol, also known as HPMCD compound, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (1R, 2R, 4S)-p-Menthane-1, 2, 8-triol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1R, 2R, 4S)-p-menthane-1, 2, 8-triol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1R, 2R, 4S)-p-menthane-1, 2, 8-triol can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes (1R, 2R, 4S)-p-menthane-1, 2, 8-triol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an L-lysine derivative comprising L-lysine having two methyl substituents attached to the side-chain amino group. It is a L-lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is an organic chloride salt of trospium. It is an antispasmodic drug used for the treatment of overactive bladder. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is an organic chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a trospium. 
it appears as colorless crystals. Non corrosive. Used as a fungicide. it is a member of the class of N-alkylpiperazines in which the two amino groups of piperazine are replaced by 1-formamido-2,2,2-trichloroethyl groups. A fungicide active against a range of diseases including powdery mildew, scab and rust. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor, an allergen and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a member of formamides, an organochlorine compound and an amide fungicide. 
it is an acetate ester that is the diacetate obtained by the formal condensation of the two hydroxy groups of diethylene glycol with two molecules of acetic acid respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a diethylene glycol. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of amodiaquine, an orally active 4-aminoquinoline derivative with antimalarial and anti-inflammatory properties. Similar in structure and activity to chloroquine, amodiaquine is effective against some chloroquine-resistant strains, particularly Plasmodium falciparum, the most deadly malaria parasite. Although the mechanism of plasmodicidal action has not been fully elucidated, like other quinoline derivatives, amodiaquine likely is able to inhibit heme polymerase activity in the body. This results in accumulation of free heme, which is toxic to the parasites. 
it is an iminium ion obtained by dimethylation of the imino group of 4-{[4-(dimethylamino)phenyl](phenyl)methylene}cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-imine. Used in the form of its chloride salt as a green-coloured dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome, an antibacterial drug and an antifungal drug. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones which consists of isoflavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3' and 4'. It has been isolated from the mycelia of Cordyceps sinensis. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a radical scavenger, a plant metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It derives from an isoflavone. 
it (code name it) is a multimodal and pluripotent medication for treatment of atherogenic dyslipidemia for an overweight patient with or without diabetes. It is an oral treatment that acts on the 3 sub-types of PPAR (PPARa, PPARg, PPARd) with a preferential action on PPARa. As of February 2016, it has completed 8 clinical trials and a phase III is in progress. 
it, also known as 5-smf, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl-aldehydes. Aryl-aldehydes are compounds containing an aldehyde group directly attached to an aromatic ring. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
3, 4, 5-Trimethoxyphenyl acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. 3, 4, 5-Trimethoxyphenyl acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3, 4, 5-trimethoxyphenyl acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a hydantoin derivative and direct-acting skeletal muscle relaxant. it depresses excitation-contraction coupling in skeletal muscle by binding to the ryanodine receptor 1, and decreasing intracellular calcium concentration. Ryanodine receptors mediate the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum, an essential step in muscle contraction. 
2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanthiol acetate, also known as S-(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furyl) ethanethioate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanthiol acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanthiol acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanthiol acetate has a floral and fruity taste. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl) as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a tricyclic sesquiterpene, a constituent of the leaf oil cubebene obtained from a variety of species of flowering plant. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene and a carbotricyclic compound. 
N-it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and much less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a palmitate ester resulting from the formal condensation of palmitic acid with palmityl alcohol. It is used as a thickener and emollient in cosmetics. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hexadecan-1-ol. 
it is a benzochromenone that is 3,4-dihydro-2H-benzo[h]chromene-5,6-dione substituted by geminal methyl groups at position 2. Isolated from Tabebuia avellanedae, it exhibits antineoplastic and anti-inflammatory activities. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a benzochromenone and a member of orthoquinones. it is a poorly soluble, ortho-naphthoquinone with potential antineoplastic and radiosensitizing activity. it (b-lap) is bioactivated by NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase-1 (NQO1), creating a futile oxidoreduction that generates high levels of superoxide. In turn, the highly reactive oxygen species (ROS) interact with DNA, thereby causing single-strand DNA breaks and calcium release from endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stores. Eventually, the extensive DNA damage causes hyperactivation of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase-1 (PARP-1), an enzyme facilitating DNA repair, accompanied by rapid depletion of NAD+/ATP nucleotide levels. As a result, a caspase-independent and ER-stress induced mu-calpain-mediated cell death occurs in NQO1-overexpressing tumor cells. NQO1, a flavoprotein and two-electron oxidoreductase, is overexpressed in a variety of tumors. 
it is an UDP-D-galacturonic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-galacturonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-alpha-D-galacturonate(3-). 
Cardionogen-1 is a triazolothiadiazole that is [1,2,4]triazolo[3,4-b][1,3,4]thiadiazole which is substituted at positions 3 and 6 by 2-furyl and cyclohexyl groups, respectively. A cardiomyocyte promoter and an inhibitor of Wnt/beta-catenin dependent transcriptional activity, it induces cardiac cell formation in murine stem cells and zebrafish embryos, expanding cardiac progenitor cells. A biphasic modulator of cardiogenesis, it can act as either a promotor or inhibitor of heart formation, depending on the stage of treatment. It has a role as a Wnt signalling inhibitor. It is a triazolothiadiazole and a member of furans. 
it is a member of the class of isoindoles that is 2,3-dihydro-1H-isoindole in which the hydrogens at positon 1 are replaced by an oxo group. It is a member of isoindoles and a gamma-lactam. 
N-formyl-L-methionyl-L-leucyl-L-phenylalanine is a tripeptide composed of L-Met, L-Leu and L-Phe in a linear sequence with a formyl group at the amino terminus. It acts as a potent inducer of leucocyte chemotaxis and macrophage activator as well as a ligand for the FPR receptor. 
it is a bromoindole that is 3H-indole in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by an (o-nitrophenyl)sulfanyl group and in which the hydrogens at position 3 have been replaced by a bromine and a methyl group. It is used particularly for the selective cleavage of tryptophanyl peptide bonds (cleavage occurs at peptide bonds after amino acids with available C(gamma)=C(delta) double bonds such as tryptophan, tyrosine, and histidine). It has a role as a reagent. It is an aryl sulfide, a C-nitro compound and a bromoindole. 
it is a D-fructofuranose 1,6-bisphosphate with a beta-configuration at the anomeric position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
An ionophorous, polyether antibiotic from Streptomyces chartreusensis. It binds and transports CALCIUM and other divalent cations across membranes and uncouples oxidative phosphorylation while inhibiting ATPase of rat liver mitochondria. The substance is used mostly as a biochemical tool to study the role of divalent cations in various biological systems. 
Dodecyl sulfate, [sodium salt] appears as white to pale yellow paste or liquid with a mild odor. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is an organic sodium salt that is the sodium salt of dodecyl hydrogen sulfate. It has a role as a detergent and a protein denaturant. It contains a dodecyl sulfate. 
it is the chloride salt of carpronium. It is a hair growth stimulant used for the treatment of alopecia. It has a role as a muscarinic agonist and a vasodilator agent. It is a chloride salt, a quaternary ammonium salt and a methyl ester. It contains a carpronium. 
Mefloquine is a quinoline derivative used for the prevention and therapy of P. falciparum malaria. Mefloquine therapy is associated with a low rate of transient and asymptomatic serum enzyme elevations and is a rare cause of clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is the hydrochloride salt form of mefloquine, a piperidinyl quinidine with antimalarial activity. Although the exact mechanism of it is largely unknown, this agent acts as a blood schizonticide and probably exert its actions by interacting with the phospholipid bilayer, thereby interfering with the stability of the cell membrane and causing cell lysis. it is active against Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax. 
Cafestol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthofurans. Naphthofurans are compounds containing a furan ring fused to a naphthalene moiety. Furan is a 5 membered- ring aromatic ring with four carbon and one oxygen atoms. Naphthalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon made up of two fused benzene rings. Cafestol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cafestol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, cafestol can be found in arabica coffee, coffee, and coffee and coffee products. This makes cafestol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 1-pyrroline-5-carboxylic acid in which the chiral centre has S configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a it. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-1-pyrroline-5-carboxylic acid. 
it is the S enantiomer of camphorsulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-camphorsulfonate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-camphorsulfonic acid. 
it is the (9Z,12Z)-stereoisomer of cholesteryl octadeca-9,12-dienoate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavanone having hydroxy groupa at the 3-, 4'-, 5- and 7-positions. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a member of dihydroflavonols, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a kaempferol. It is a conjugate acid of a it 7-oxoanion. 
it is a hexosamine that is beta-L-idopyranose in which the hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 6 are replaced by amino groups It derives from a beta-L-idopyranose. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a walnut taste. 
it is an arenecarboxamide that is salicylamide in which the phenolic hydroxy group has been converted into the corresponding hexyl ether. It has been used as a topical antifungal agent. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It is an arenecarboxamide and an aromatic ether. It derives from a salicylamide. it is a synthetic antifungal and antibacterial agent used as a topical preparation. 
it is peptide mimetics of thrombospondin-1 (TSP-1), block angiogenesis in vitro and in vivo and slow tumor growth. It is developed by Abbott Laboratories for the treatment of Solid Tumors, Lymphoma and Melanoma. TSP-1 Mimetic it is a synthetic peptide that mimics the anti-angiogenic activity of the endogenous protein thrombospondin-1 (TSP-1). it inhibits the actions of several pro-angiogenic growth factors important to tumor neovascularization; these pro-angiogenic growth factors include vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF)), hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), and interleukin 8 (IL-8). (NCI04) 
it is a symmetrical oxalamide-based bis-quaternary ammonium salt having ethyl and 2-chlorobenzyl groups attached to the nitrogens. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a neurotransmitter agent. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic chloride salt. it is the chloride salt form of ambenonium, a quaternary ammonium compound with parasympathomimetic activity. it is a rapid indirect-acting cholinergic agonist that reversibly blocks the activity of acetylcholinesterase, thereby prevents acetylcholine hydrolysis and prolonging its activity on nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction. 
it is l-Phenylalaninamide substituted at the amide nitrogen by a 1-(dihydroxyboranyl)-3-methylbutyl group and at N(alpha) by a pyrazin-2-ylcarbonyl group. It is a dipeptidyl boronic acid that reversibly inhibits the 26S proteasome. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a proteasome inhibitor, a protease inhibitor and an antiprotozoal drug. It is an amino acid amide, a member of pyrazines and a L-phenylalanine derivative. It derives from a boronic acid. it is a dipeptide boronic acid analogue with antineoplastic activity. it reversibly inhibits the 26S proteasome, a large protease complex that degrades ubiquinated proteins. By blocking the targeted proteolysis normally performed by the proteasome, it disrupts various cell signaling pathways, leading to cell cycle arrest, apoptosis, and inhibition of angiogenesis. Specifically, the agent inhibits nuclear factor (NF)-kappaB, a protein that is constitutively activated in some cancers, thereby interfering with NF-kappaB-mediated cell survival, tumor growth, and angiogenesis. In vivo, it delays tumor growth and enhances the cytotoxic effects of radiation and chemotherapy. 
3,4-dihydroxyphenylethyleneglycol is a tetrol composed of ethyleneglycol having a 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl group at the 1-position. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of catechols and a tetrol. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-glutamine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the amide nitrogen is replaced by a 1-hydroxycyclopropyl group. Found in the ink-cap mushroom, Coprinus atramentarius, it causes an unpleasant hypersensitivity to alcohol (the 'disulfiram effect'). It has a role as an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor, a metabolite and a mycotoxin. It is a member of cyclopropanes, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a L-glutamine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Neoplasms, Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute, Myelodysplastic Syndromes, and Leukemia, Monocytic, Acute, among others. it is a dihydropteridinone Polo-like kinase 1 (Plk1) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits Plk1, inducing selective G2/M arrest followed by apoptosis in a variety of tumor cells while causing reversible cell arrest at the G1 and G2 stage without apoptosis in normal cells. Plk1, named after the polo gene of Drosophila melanogaster, is a serine/threonine protein kinase involved in regulating mitotic spindle function in a non-ATP competitive manner. 
it is the D-enantiomer of proline. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and a proline. It is a conjugate base of a D-prolinium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-prolinate. It is an enantiomer of a L-proline. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. Proline is a cyclic, nonessential amino acid (actually, an imino acid) in humans (synthesized from glutamic acid and other amino acids), Proline is a constituent of many proteins. Found in high concentrations in collagen, proline constitutes almost a third of the residues. Collagen is the main supportive protein of skin, tendons, bones, and connective tissue and promotes their health and healing. (NCI04) 
C.i. it is a dark blue powder with coppery luster. Occurs in isomeric forms (cis and trans). In solid state it is in the trans form. (NTP, 1992) 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 1-phenylethanamine. It is a conjugate base of a (1R)-1-phenylethanaminium. It is an enantiomer of a (1S)-1-phenylethanamine. 
DTDP is a thymidine phosphate having a diphosphate group at the 5'-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate and a thymidine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a dTDP(3-). 
it is a D-ribose 1,5-diphosphate in which the anomeric centre has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is an ammonium ion obtained by protonation of the amino group of (2R)-1-aminopropan-2-ol. It is a conjugate acid of a (2R)-1-aminopropan-2-ol. 
it is zwitterionic form of 3-hydroxy-L-kynurenine arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3 It is an enantiomer of a 3-hydroxy-D-kynurenine zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a 3-hydroxy-L-kynurenine. 
it is a bile acid that is 5beta-cholan-24-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 12 respectively. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a bile acid, a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a C24-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol 3-phosphate(2-) obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of 1,2-dioleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphate. It is a 1-acyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphate(2-) and a dioleoylphosphatidate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a 1,2-dioleoyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Burns, though may be difficult to ignite. Corrosive to tissue. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a member of the class of thiadiazoles that is 1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-amine which is substituted by a (5-nitro-1,3-thiazol-2-yl)sulfanediyl group at position 5. It is a c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitor (IC50 = 0.7uM) and exhibits antibacterial properties. It has a role as a c-Jun N-terminal kinase inhibitor and an antibacterial agent. It is a member of thiadiazoles, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a primary amino compound, a C-nitro compound and an organic sulfide. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is phenylacetamide in which one of the benzylic hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of benzyl alcohols and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. 
Di-it, also known as 2, 2'-dithiodi-thiophene or disulfide, 2-thienyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. Di-it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, di-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Di-it has an earthy, mushroom, and rubbery taste. 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is 7-hydroxyisoflavone attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It derives from a 7-hydroxyisoflavone. 
it is a tetracycline-based broad-spectrum antibiotic. It is approximately 5000 times more soluble than tetracycline base and is unique amongst tetracyclines in that it is absorbed by the \ 
it is a blocker of the NMDA ion channel and has completed Phase IIa proof of concept clinical trials as a novel compound for the treatment of neuropathic pain. 
it is a member of the class of aldehydes that is glycolaldehyde in which the hydroxy hydrogen has been replaced by a phospho group. It is an aldehyde and a monoalkyl phosphate. It derives from a glycolaldehyde. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of isoquinolines that is (3S)-2-L-alanyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid in which the alpha-amino group of the alanyl residue has been substituted by a 1-ethoxycarbonyl-4-phenylbutan-2-yl group (the all-S isomer). A prodrug for itat (by hydrolysis of the ethyl ester to the corresponding carboxylic acid), it is used as an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) used (generally as the hydrochloride salt) for the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, a prodrug and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of isoquinolines, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an ethyl ester and a tertiary carboxamide. it is a prodrug and non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it is hydrolized into its active form itat, which binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This abolishes the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and leads to vasodilatation. it also causes a decrease in angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, thereby promoting diuresis and natriuresis, and increases bradykinin levels. 
it is the sodium salt of cephapirin. A first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic, it is effective against gram-negative and gram-positive organisms. Being more resistant to beta-lactamases than penicillins, it is effective agains most staphylococci, though not methicillin-resistant staphylococci. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin and an organic sodium salt. It contains a cephapirin(1-). it is the sodium salt form of cephapirin, a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inhibiting the final transpeptidation step of peptidoglycan synthesis and subsequent cross-linking of peptidoglycan units. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and leads to cell lysis. 
it is an iminium ion that forms the cationic portion of the histological dye 'methyl green'. It is an iminium ion and a quaternary ammonium ion. 
3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3a, 7a-Dihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3a, 7a-dihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
2, 5-Dimethylthiophene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiophenes. These are organic compounds containing a thiophene that is disubstituted at the C-2, and C5-positions. 2, 5-Dimethylthiophene exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethylthiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 5-Dimethylthiophene is a nutty and sulfury tasting compound that can be found in garden onion and soft-necked garlic. This makes 2, 5-dimethylthiophene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of phenanthridines that is phenanthridine with an oxo substituent at position 6. A poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) inhibitor, it has been shown to exhibit immunosuppressive activity. It has a role as a mutagen, an immunosuppressive agent and an EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a lactam and a member of phenanthridines. 
P(1),P(2)-it(2-) is dianion of P(1),P(2)-it; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a diadenosine 5',5'-diphosphate. 
Nicotine sulfate, solid appears as a white solid. The sulfate salt of nicotine, an alkaloid obtained from tobacco. Toxic by ingestion or skin contact. 
it is the 3,4,5-trihydrobenzylidene derivative of 4,6-dihydroxy-1-benzofuran-3(2H)-one. Its glucoside is a significant contributor to the yellow colour of Antirrhinum majus (snapdragon) flowers. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of 1-benzofurans. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a dihydropyridine derivative with diuretic and antihypertensive activity. Cicletanine exerts thiazide-like diuretic activity. In addition, this agent inhibits protein kinase C (PKC) and is able to reverse vasoconstriction through the inhibition of PKC-mediated inhibition of Na/K-ATPase phosphorylation. 
it is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of nerol with the carboxy group of acetic acid. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a monoterpenoid and an olefinic compound. It derives from a nerol. 
it is a dialkylglycerol that is glycerol alkylated at positions 1 and 2 by phytanyl groups with (R)-configuration at position 2. 
it is a monoatomic trication and a lanthanum molecular entity. It has a role as a cofactor. Lanthanum Cation (3) is the ionized form of lanthanum (trivalent ion) with phosphate binding property. Lanthanum ion binds dietary phosphate and inhibits the absorption of phosphate by forming highly insoluble lanthanum-phosphate complexes that reduce the concentrations of serum phosphate and calcium phosphate. 
it, also known as D isoglucosamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharides. Monosaccharides are compounds containing one carbohydrate unit not glycosidically linked to another such unit, and no set of two or more glycosidically linked carbohydrate units. Monosaccharides have the general formula CnH2nOn. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva and blood. it has been found to be associated with several diseases known as diabetes mellitus type 2 and pregnancy; it has also been linked to the inborn metabolic disorders including 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency. 
Apomorphine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of apomorphine, a derivative of morphine and non-ergoline dopamine agonist with high selectivity for dopamine D2, D3, D4 and D5 receptors. Apomorphine hydrochloride acts by stimulating dopamine receptors in the nigrostriatal system, hypothalamus, limbic system, pituitary gland, and blood vessels. This enhances motor function, suppresses prolactin release, and causes vasodilation and behavioral effects. Apomorphine hydrochloride is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and erectile dysfunction. In addition, apomorphine hydrochloride acts on the chemoreceptor trigger zone and is used as a central emetic in the treatment of drug overdose. 
it is the dihydrate of the anhydrous form of cidofovir. A nucleoside analogue, it is an injectable antiviral used for the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in AIDS patients. It has a role as an antiviral drug and an antineoplastic agent. It contains a member of cidofovir anhydrous. Cidofovir is a synthetic, acyclic, monophosphate nucleotide analog of deoxycytidine with antiviral activity, and mostly used against cytomegalovirus (CMV). After incorporation into the host cell, cidofovir is phosphorylated by pyruvate kinases to its active metabolite cidofovir diphosphate. Cidofovir diphosphate, bearing structural similarity to nucleotides, competes with deoxycytosine-5-triphosphate (dCTP) for viral DNA polymerase and gets incorporated into the growing viral DNA strands. As a result, it prevents further DNA polymerization and disrupts DNA replication of viruses. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a small-molecule inhibitor of heat shock protein 90 (HSP90) with antiproliferative and antineoplastic activities. Retaspimycin binds to and inhibits the cytosolic chaperone functions of HSP90, which maintains the stability and functional shape of many oncogenic signaling proteins and may be overexpressed or overactive in tumor cells. Retaspimycin-mediated inhibition of HSP90 promotes the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins in susceptible tumor cell populations, which may result in the induction of apoptosis. 
it is a steroid ester and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as an estrogen receptor modulator, a contraceptive drug and a synthetic oral contraceptive. It derives from an ethynodiol. it is the diacetate salt form of ethynodiol, a semi-synthetic progestational hormone agonist. it binds to cytoplasmic progesterone receptors in the reproductive system and subsequently activates progesterone receptor mediated gene expression. As a result of the negative feedback mechanism, luteinizing hormone (LH) release is inhibited, which leads to an inhibition of ovulation and an alteration in the cervical mucus and endometrium. In addition, it has weak oestrogenic and androgenic properties. 
Karakoline is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound that is aconitane bearing hydroxy groups at the 1alpha, 8, and 14alpha positions and substituted at on the nitrogen and at positions 4 and 16beta by ethyl, methyl, and methoxy groups, respectively. It has a role as a phytotoxin. It is a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an alkaloid, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and a bridged compound. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
The combination of amoxicillin and clavulanate is an oral antibiotic widely used in the treatment of mild-to-moderate bacterial infections including sinusitis, bronchitis, otitis media, cellulitis and community acquired pneumonia. Amoxicillin-clavulanate is currently the most common cause of clinically apparent, drug induced acute liver injury both in the United States and Europe. 
it is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-oxopentanoic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion, an aldehydic acid anion, an omega-oxo fatty acid anion and a member of oxopentanoates. It derives from a valerate. It is a conjugate base of a 5-oxopentanoic acid. 
A semisynthetic derivative of PODOPHYLLOTOXIN that exhibits antitumor activity. Etoposide inhibits DNA synthesis by forming a complex with topoisomerase II and DNA. This complex induces breaks in double stranded DNA and prevents repair by topoisomerase II binding. Accumulated breaks in DNA prevent entry into the mitotic phase of cell division, and lead to cell death. Etoposide acts primarily in the G2 and S phases of the cell cycle. 
it is a member of the class of benzenesulfonic acids consisting of benzene carrying two sulfo groups at positions 1 and 3 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of thiophenes that is thiophene in which the hydrogen atom at position 2 is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a Maillard reaction product. It is a member of thiophenes and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a thiophene. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, pyrazinemethanethiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a meaty and roasted in sugar syrup taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C29H40O4, originally isolated from the root bark of Tripterygium regelii. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenediols. 
it is an aromatic ether that is phenoxyacetic acid in which the phenyl group is substituted at position 2 by a methyl group and at position 4 by a (1,3-thiazol-5-ylmethyl)sulfanediyl group, and in which the 1,3-thiazolyl group is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by p-trifluoromethylphenyl and methyl groups, respectively. It has a role as a PPARbeta/delta agonist and a carcinogenic agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, an organofluorine compound, an aryl sulfide and an aromatic ether. 
it is a macrocycle that is cycloheptadecanone with an unsaturation at position 9 (the 9Z-stereoisomer). It has been found in African Civets. It has a role as a pheromone, a fragrance and an animal metabolite. It is a cyclic ketone and a macrocycle. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is prop-2-enoic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a 4,7-dimethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,8a-octahydronaphthalen-1-yl group (the 1S,4R,4aS,8aR diastereoisomer). It is a sesquiterpenoid precursor of artemisinin, obtained from sweet wormwood, Artemisia annua. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a carbobicyclic compound, a sesquiterpenoid and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It derives from a (+)-artemisinic alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a (+)-artemisinate. 
it is an inorganic nitrate salt consisting of chromium and nitrate in which the ratio of chromium (in the +3 oxidation state) to nitrate is 1:3 It is an inorganic nitrate salt and a chromium coordination entity. It contains a chromium(3+). 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxyisobutyric acid. 
it is a glycine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-(2,5-dichlorobenzoyl)glycine with the amino group of 2,2'-{2-[(1R)-1-amino-3-methylbutyl]-5-oxo-1,3,2-dioxaborolane-4,4-diyl}diacetic acid. A prodrug for ixazomib that is used in combination therapy for treatment of multiple myeloma. It has a role as a prodrug, a proteasome inhibitor, an orphan drug, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a glycine derivative, a member of benzamides, a dichlorobenzene, an oxo dicarboxylic acid and a 1,3,2-dioxaborolane. It derives from an ixazomib. it is the citrate salt form of ixazomib, an orally bioavailable second generation proteasome inhibitor (PI) with potential antineoplastic activity. Ixazomib inhibits the activity of the proteasome, blocking the targeted proteolysis normally performed by the proteasome, which results in an accumulation of unwanted or misfolded proteins; disruption of various cell signaling pathways may follow, resulting in the induction of apoptosis. Compared to first generation PIs, second generation PIs may have an improved pharmacokinetic profile with increased potency and less toxicity. Proteasomes are large protease complexes that degrade unneeded or damaged proteins that have been ubiquinated. 
it is a vinca alkaloid, an indole alkaloid fundamental parent, a methyl ester, an acetate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. Vinblastine is a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Vinca rosea Linn. Vinblastine binds to tubulin and inhibits microtubule formation, resulting in disruption of mitotic spindle assembly and arrest of tumor cells in the M phase of the cell cycle. This agent may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a pyridine ring substituted with methyl groups at positions 2 and 4, a hydroxyl at position 3, and a hydroxymethyl group at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a hydroxymethylpyridine, a member of methylpyridines and a monohydroxypyridine. 
it is a member of the class of phenylacetic acids that is phenylacetic acid in which the phenyl grup is substituted at the para- position by a nitro group. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of phenylacetic acids. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (4-nitrophenyl)acetate. 
it is a hexadec-9-enoic acid in which the double bond at position C-9 has cis configuration. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor, a Daphnia galeata metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite, an algal metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a palmitoleate. 
it is an acyl-CoA(4-) that is the tetraanion of isobutyryl-CoA, arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an isobutyryl-CoA. 
it (7Î±-methyl-19-nortestosterone) is a synthetic androgen developed by the Population Council as a potential candidate drug for use in hormonal male contraceptive methods. In males, regular administration of sufficient quantities of it induces a state of temporary infertility. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl carnitines. These are organic compounds containing a fatty acid with the carboxylic acid attached to carnitine through an ester bond. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a 33-epi-chloro-derivative of the ascomycin macrolactam with immunosuppressant property. it binds to the receptor macrophilin-12 (FKBP-12) forming a complex that blocks the calcium-dependent signal transduction cascade mediated by calcineurin. Via dephosphorylation, calcineurin is the enzyme responsible for activating nuclear factor of activated T-cells (NF-AT), a T cell transcriptional regulatory factor. As a consequence, the synthesis and release of Th1- (T helper 1) and Th2- (T helper 2) type cytokines, and other inflammatory mediators from T-cells and mast cells are blocked and the expression of signals essential for the activation of inflammatory T-lymphocytes is inhibited. However, it mode of action is cell-selective and does not affect Langerhans' cells/dendritic cells and primary fibroblasts. 
it is the fatty acid ethyl ester of dec-9-enoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a dec-9-enoic acid. 
it is a glycophytoceramide having a 4-O-(3,4-dichlorobenzyl)-alpha-D-galactosyl residue at the O-1 position and a hexacosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. One of a series of an extensive set of 4\ 
Fidaxomicin is a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic used to treat Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in adults. Fidaxomicin has minimal systemic absorption and has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to instances of clinically apparent, acute liver injury. Fidaxomicin is a narrow-spectrum, 18-membered macrolide antibiotic isolated from the actinomycete Dactylosporangium aurantiacum subsp. hamdenensis with potential antibacterial activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, fidaxomicin may bind to and inhibit bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, thereby inhibiting the initiation of bacterial RNA synthesis. When orally administered, this agent is minimally absorbed into the systemic circulation, acting locally in the gastrointestinal tract. Fidaxomicin appears to be active against pathogenic Gram-positive bacteria, such as clostridia, enterococci, and staphylococci, but does not appear to be active against other beneficial intestinal bacteria. 
it is purine substituted on C-2, C-6 and N-9 with (3-hydroxypropyl)amino, benzylamino and isopropyl groups respectively; a synthetic, cell-permeable, cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor that is structurally similar to olomoucine and roscovitine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor. 
it is the acetate salt of a synthetic decapeptide analog of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH). Continuous, prolonged administration of goserelin in males results in inhibition of pituitary gonadotropin secretion, leading to a significant decline in testosterone production; in females, prolonged administration results in a decrease in estradiol production. (NCI04) 
it is a pale brown liquid. Relatively water insoluble. Used as an insecticide. it is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester in which the esterifying alcohol is 3-phenoxybenzyl alcohol and the cyclopropane ring is substituted with a 2,2-dichlorovinyl group and with gem-dimethyl groups. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide, a pyrethroid ester acaricide, an agrochemical, an ectoparasiticide and a scabicide. It is a member of cyclopropanes and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It derives from a 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid. it is a synthetic pyrethroid and neurotoxin. it affects the neuronal membrane by blocking the movement of sodium ions from outside to inside the neuronal cell membrane thereby disrupting the sodium channel current that regulates the polarization of the membrane. This leads to delayed repolarization and subsequent paralysis of the nervous system. it is used to eradicate parasites such as head lice, ticks and scabies from humans and animals. 
4-methylumbelliferyl butyate is a member of the class of coumarins that is 4-methylumbelliferone in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a butyryl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a member of coumarins and a butyrate ester. It derives from a 4-methylumbelliferone. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of 3-hydroxysebacic acid. It is a it, a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a 3-hydroxydicarboxylate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxysebacic acid. 
it is an extended-release (ER) formulation composed of irinotecan, which is a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin and a topoisomerase I-inhibitor prodrug, that is conjugated, via a proprietary biodegradable ester-based linker, to polyethylene glycol (PEG), with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration of etirinotecan pegol (EP), the agent penetrates into the leaky tumor vasculature and accumulates in the tumor. The linker slowly hydrolyzes and releases irinotecan, which leads to sustained exposure of the tumor to irinotecan. In turn, irinotecan is converted to the biologically active metabolite 7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-camptothecin (SN38) by a carboxylesterase. SN38 inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex of topoisomerase I and DNA; this results in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptosis. Pegylation provides improved systemic exposure, increases drug penetration into tumors and decreases drug clearance, thereby increasing the duration of therapeutic effects while lowering the toxicity profile. 
it is a tripeptide composed of glycine, glycine and L-leucine residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a pyridoisoquinoline comprising emetam having a hydroxy group at the 6'-position and methoxy substituents at the 7'-, 10- and 11-positions. It derives from a hydride of an emetan. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, sherry lactone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, sherry lactone can be found in alcoholic beverages and root vegetables. This makes sherry lactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the family of benzoquinones, it is 2-hydroxy-5-methoxy-1,4-benzoquinone in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a (4Z,7Z)-pentadeca-1,4,7-trien-15-yl group. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, solid is a colorless to light-brown crystalline material. It is soluble in water and sinks in water. Combustible. It is transported as a molten liquid and therefore can cause thermal burns. It is toxic by ingestion, skin absorption and inhalation of dust. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a chlorocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid carrying a 2-chloro substituent. It has a role as an alkylating agent and a herbicide. It is a chlorocarboxylic acid and a haloacetic acid. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a chloroacetate. 
it, solid appears as orange-red rhombohedral crystals (from acetone). Density 4.69 g / cm3. Melting point 285.6Â°F (140.9Â°C). Red as a liquid. 
it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-it. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a topoisomerase IV inhibitor. It contains a tosufloxacin(1+), a (S)-it and a (R)-it. 
it is a hydroxypolyether that is pentaethylene glycol in which one of the terminal hydrogens is replaced by a dodecyl group. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. It is a hydroxypolyether, a pentaethylene glycol and a primary alcohol. 
it is a white, crystalline solid, with slight sulfurous odor. Used as an insecticide, nematicide and acaricide on many field crops, vegetables, fruits, and ornamentals. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a cyclopentenyl fatty acid consisting of undecanoic acid having a cyclopent-2-enyl group at the 11-position. It is a cyclopentenyl fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. 
O-it is an O-acyl-L-carnitine in which the acyl group is specified as myristoyl (tetradecanoyl). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an O-it and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
it is a BODIPY dye and a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It derives from a 4,4-difluoro-4-bora-3a,4a-diaza-s-indacene. 
it is a diterpenoid that is a organic heterohexacyclic compound consisting of lactone and epoxide ring systems. It is isolated from Podocarpus macrophyllus. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a diterpenoid, a gamma-lactone, a delta-lactone, an epoxide, a sulfone, a tertiary alcohol and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 
it is a 3-oxo steroid, an oxa-steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and an anabolic androgenic steroid. It has a role as an androgen and an anabolic agent. it is a synthetic, anabolic steroid hormone analog of testosterone. Similar to testosterone, it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors. This agent may be used for testosterone replacement therapy in hypogonadal men, in HIV-wasting syndrome, and in other conditions in order to increase nitrogen retention and fat-free muscle mass. (NCI04) 
The coenzyme form of Vitamin B1 present in many animal tissues. It is a required intermediate in the PYRUVATE DEHYDROGENASE COMPLEX and the KETOGLUTARATE DEHYDROGENASE COMPLEX. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavanones. Flavanones are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, with a structure characterized by a 2-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a ketone at the carbon C3. Thus, farrerol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the primary hydroxy group of 2-ethylhexane-1,5-diol It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
2-aminobut-2-enoic acid is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a 2-butenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-aminobut-2-enoate. It is a tautomer of a 2-aminobut-2-enoic acid zwitterion, a 2-iminobutanoic acid and a 2-iminobutanoic acid zwitterion. 
it is a methoxybenzoic acid substituted with a methoxy group at position C-4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methoxybenzoate. 
it b is heme b in which the iron has oxidation state +3. It is a heme b and a it. It is a conjugate acid of a it b(1-). 
it is an organic bromide salt of butropium. It is a drug which suppresses spasm of smooth muscles of internal organs, inhibits gastric acid secretion and relieves abdominal pain. It is used in the treatment of spasmodic pains associated with gastritis, gastric ulcers and cholelithiasis. It has a role as an antispasmodic drug and a muscarinic antagonist. It is an organic bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a butropium. 
it is a member of the class of adenosines that is adenosine in which the hydroxy group at position 2' is replaced by a methoxy group. It has been isolated from the mycelia of Cordyceps sinensis. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a member of adenosines and an ether. It derives from an adenosine. 
Hexanitrostilbene appears as an explosive. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat. Primary hazard is the blast effect of an instantaneous explosion and not flying projectiles and fragments. Forms yellow crystals. 
it is a D-aldohexose that is D-glucose in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group at position 3 has been substituted by a methyl group. It is a non-metabolisable glucose analogue that is not phosphorylated by hexokinase and is used as a marker to assess glucose transport by evaluating its uptake within various cells and organ systems. It derives from an aldehydo-D-glucose. 
S-(2-Aminoethyl)-L-cysteine, also known as 4-it or thiosine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cysteine and derivatives. Cysteine and derivatives are compounds containing cysteine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of cysteine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. S-(2-Aminoethyl)-L-cysteine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-(2-aminoethyl)-L-cysteine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, S-(2-aminoethyl)-L-cysteine can be found in mushrooms. This makes S-(2-aminoethyl)-L-cysteine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxazolidinones. Oxazolidinones are compounds containing an oxazolidinone moiety, which is an oxazolidine bearing a ketone group. it is very soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 3-amino-2-oxazolidone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Levofloxacin is a Quinolone Antimicrobial. The chemical classification of levofloxacin is Quinolones. Levofloxacin is a broad-spectrum, third-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic and optically active L-isomer of ofloxacin with antibacterial activity. Levofloxacin diffuses through the bacterial cell wall and acts by inhibiting DNA gyrase (bacterial topoisomerase II), an enzyme required for DNA replication, RNA transcription, and repair of bacterial DNA. Inhibition of DNA gyrase activity leads to blockage of bacterial cell growth. 
it is a stilbenoid that is ethane in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group and one of the hydrogens of the remaining methyl group is replaced by a 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl group. It is a member of phenols and a stilbenoid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharide sulfates. These are monosaccharides that contain a sulfate group linked to the sugar moiety. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a 11alpha-hydroxy steroid that is pregn-4-ene-3,20-dione substituted by a hydroxy group at position 11. It is an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 20-oxo steroid. It derives from a progesterone. 
A chelating agent that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations such as CALCIUM. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid consisting of beta-D-glucose having a (2S,3R,4S)-3-ethenyl-4-{[(1R)-6,7-dihydroxy-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolinium-1-yl]methyl}-5-(methoxycarbonyl)-3,4-dihydro-2H-pyran-2-yl group attached at the anomeric centre. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a beta-D-glucoside and a methyl ester. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
A fungal metabolite isolated from cultures of Aspergillus terreus. The compound is a potent anticholesteremic agent. It inhibits 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (HYDROXYMETHYLGLUTARYL COA REDUCTASES), which is the rate-limiting enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis. It also stimulates the production of low-density lipoprotein receptors in the liver. 
it, also known as 3-hydroxy-2-methylvalerate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxy fatty acids. These are fatty acids in which the chain bears a hydroxyl group. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methyl-3-hydroxyvaleric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a butan-4-olide that is dihydrofuran-2(3H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3 and two methyl groups at position 4 (the R-stereoisomer). It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a (R)-pantoic acid. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that consists of apigenin substituted by a 1,5-anhydro-D-glucitol moiety at position 6. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. It is a conjugate acid of an it-7-olate. 
it is a white amorphous powder. It reacts with water to form sodium hydroxide, a corrosive material, and methyl alcohol, a flammable liquid. The heat from this reaction may be sufficient to ignite surrounding combustible material or the sodium methylate itself if the water is present in only small amounts. It is used to process edible fats and oils, and to make other chemicals. 
it appears as light gray or lavender powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an arylammonium sulfate salt obtained by combining 2-chloro-1,4-phenylenediamine with one molar equivalent of sulfuric acid. It has a role as a dye. It contains a 2-chloro-1,4-phenylenediaminium. 
Dapagliflozin propanediol monohydrate is a hydrate that consists of dapagliflozin compounded with (S)-propylene glycol and hydrate in a (1:1:1) ratio. Used to improve glycemic control, along with diet and exercise, in adults with type 2 diabetes. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2 inhibitor. It contains a dapagliflozin and a (S)-propane-1,2-diol. 
it, also known as it or CD15 antigen, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Pitavastatin is a relatively newly developed cholesterol lowering agent (statin) that is associated with mild, asymptomatic and self-limited serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy, but has had limited use and has yet to be linked with clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a calcium salt formulation of pitavastatin, a novel statin that induces plaque regression and elevates HDL-cholesterol levels. 
it, [dry] appears as a highly explosive solid. Composed of equal parts pentaerythritol tetranitrate and trinitrotoluene (TNT). Very sensitive to heat and shock. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Used as a detonating fuse. 
3, 4-Diethylthiophene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 3, 4-Diethylthiophene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 4-diethylthiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as cyclohexyl lactone or octahydro-coumarin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a pyran ring. Pyran a six-membered heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring, made up of five carbon atoms and one oxygen atom and containing two double bonds. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, octahydro-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, coumarin, and herbal taste. 
it is an iodine oxoacid. It has a role as an astringent. It is a conjugate acid of an iodate. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid consisting of salicylic acid having a hydroxymethyl group at the 4-position. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of henicosanoic acid with methanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a henicosanoic acid. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a benzenetriol that is benzophenone in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted at by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 4, and 6. It is a benzenetriol and a hydroxybenzophenone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a hydroxybenzyl alcohol that is phenol substituted at position C-3 by a hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxybenzyl alcohol. 
it is a thiamine phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a thiamine(1+) monophosphate(1-). 
it is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of 2-sec-butylphenol with methylcarbamic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, a herbicide, an insecticide and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 2-sec-butylphenol. 
Dinitrotoluene appears as a yellow crystalline solid or an oily liquid consisting of the three isomers. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Toxic by skin absorption, ingestion or inhalation. it is a dinitrotoluene that is toluene in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 3 have been replaced by nitro groups. It has a role as an explosive. 
it is an organochlorine compound and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an anti-obesity agent and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is 2-aminobutanoic acid substituted at position 4 by a cyano group. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and an aliphatic nitrile. It derives from a butyric acid. 
it is a tropomyosin receptor tyrosine kinase (TRK) TRKA, TRKB, TRKC, proto-oncogene tyrosine-protein kinase ROS1, and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) inhibitor. It was approved by the FDA in August 2019 for use in the treatment of ROS1-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer and NTRK gene fusion positive solid tumors. it's approved use is meant as a last line of therapy due to its accelerated approval based on early trial data. This therapy offers benefit over similar ALK inhibitors such as [alectinib], [ceritinib], and [lorlatinib] due to a wider range of targets. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the tyrosine kinases tropomyosin receptor kinases (Trk) A, B and C, C-ros oncogene 1 (ROS1) and anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits TrkA, TrkB, TrkC, ROS1 and ALK. Inhibition of these kinases may result in a disruption of TrkA-, TrkB-, TrkC-, ROS1-, and ALK-mediated signaling. This leads to an induction of apoptosis and an inhibition of tumor cell proliferation in tumor cells that express these kinases. TrkA, TrkB, TrkC, ROS1 and ALK are overexpressed in a variety of cancer cell types. 
it is an anthracycline, a member of tetracenequinones, a methyl ester and a tertiary alcohol. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 
it is an EpOME obtained by formal epoxidation of the 9,10-double bond of octadeca-9,12-dienoic acid (the 12Z-geoisomer). It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
N-butyl-p-hydroxybenzoate appears as odorless white crystals or crystalline powder. Tasteless, but numbs the tongue. Aqueous solutions slightly acidic to litmus. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a macrolide antibiotic used to treat bovine respiratory disease in cattle and swine respiratory disease in pigs. It is marketed by Pfizer Inc. under the tradename it. 
it is a pentahydrochloride salt of omiganan, a synthetic cationic antimicrobial peptide with wide-spectrum activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria and fungi. it, an analog of indolicidin, acts by disrupting bacterial cytoplasmic membranes and has been tested in a topical gel for the prevention of catheter-related bloodstream infections. 
it is a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid that is 3-phenylpropionic acid in which one of the hydrogens beta to the carboxy group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from a 3-phenylpropionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-3-phenylpropionate. 
it is a cyclopentyl containing, second-generation sulfonylurea and structurally similar to glibenclamide with hypoglycemic activity. it, also known as glypentide, appears to improve total lipid and cholesterol levels. 
it is a member of the class of pyrimidines that is 2-hydrazino-4,6-dimethylpyrimidine in which the two amino hydrogens are replaced by a 1-(2-methylphenyl)ethylidene group. It is used for the control of fungal diseases in rice. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of toluenes, a hydrazone and a pyrimidine fungicide. 
A cholinesterase inhibitor with a slightly longer duration of action than NEOSTIGMINE. It is used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis and to reverse the actions of muscle relaxants. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a chloroform-like odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. May irritate skin and eyes. Used as a solvent. it is a member of the class of chloroethanes that is ethane in which five of the six hydrogens are replaced by chlorines. A non-flammable, high-boiling liquid (b.p. 161-162â„ƒ) with relative density 1.67 and an odour resembling that of chloroform, it is used as a solvent for oil and grease, in metal cleaning, and in the separation of coal from impurities. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. 
it is a dimethyl 2,2'-(9,9',10,10'-tetrahydroxy-7,7'-dimethoxy-1,1'-dioxo-3,3',4,4'-tetrahydro-[6,6'-binaphtho[2,3-c]pyran]-3,3'-diyl)diacetate in which the the 3 and 3' positions (bearing the 2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl (CH2CO2Me) groups) both have S configuration, while the 6 and 6' positions (where the binaphthopyran units are linked) have Ra configuration (the M atropisomer). It has been isolated from the fungi Aspergillus viridinutans and the fungus Paecilomyces variotii derived from the inner tissues of the giant jellyfish Nemopilema nomurai. It has a role as a mycotoxin, an Aspergillus metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It derives from a semiviriditoxin. 
it is a tartaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-tartrate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-tartaric acid. Tartaric Acid is a white crystalline dicarboxylic acid found in many plants, particularly tamarinds and grapes. Tartaric acid is used to generate carbon dioxide through interaction with sodium bicarbonate following oral administration. Carbon dioxide extends the stomach and provides a negative contrast medium during double contrast radiography. In high doses, this agent acts as a muscle toxin by inhibiting the production of malic acid, which could cause paralysis and maybe death. 
it is a cyanine dye and an organic potassium salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a NIR-2(2-). 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid having the carboxy group at position 7 as well as oxo and ethyl groups at positions 4 and 1 respectively and a dioxolo ring fused at the 5- and 6-positions. A synthetic antibiotic, it is used in veterinary medicine for the treatment of bacterial infections in cattle, pigs and poultry. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antibacterial drug, an enzyme inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and an antifungal agent. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an aromatic carboxylic acid, an oxacycle and a quinolone antibiotic. It is a conjugate acid of an oxolinate. 
(S)-it is an aporphine alkaloid that is (S)-1,2,9,10-tetrahydroxy-6-methyl-5,6,6a,7-tetrahydro-4H-dibenzo[de,g]quinoline in which the four phenolic hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a NF-kappaB inhibitor, an antitussive, an antibacterial agent, a muscle relaxant, an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is an aporphine alkaloid, a polyether, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-it(1+). 
it, also known as fema 3385 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thioesters. These are organic compounds containing an ester of thiocarboxylic acid, with the general structure RC(=S)XR' (R=H, alkyl, aryl; R'=alkyl, aryl; X=O, S). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a garlic, green, and onion taste. 
2, 2, 4-Trimethyldecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 2, 4-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 2, 4-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 2, 4-trimethyldecane can be found in alcoholic beverages and fats and oils. This makes 2, 2, 4-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene comprising of five benzene rings that is anthracene in which the d,e and k,l sides are fused to benzene rings. It is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene and a member of its. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is the 3,4-dihydro derivative of isocoumarin. It derives from an isocoumarin. 
N'-it is a carbohydrazide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of isonicotinic acid with hydrazine and subsequent acetylation of the monosubstituted nitrogen atom. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isoniazide. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of O-acetyl-L-serine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of an O-acetyl-L-serine. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the side-chain carboxy group of L-glutamic acid with the amino group of L-phenylalanine. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a gamma-Glu-Phe(1-). 
it, also known as a-amyrin acetic acid or -amyrenyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Alpha-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alpha-it can be found in mugwort. This makes Alpha-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as odorless green-black cubic crystals (yellow when hot) or green powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a green to black colored, inorganic compound that turns yellow and produces toxic gases upon heating. it is used in the electronics, ceramics, steel and alloy industries. Exposure to this substance can cause severe dermatitis, skin and asthma-like allergies and damages the lungs, kidneys, gastrointestinal tract and neurological system. it is a known carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung and nasal cancers. (NCI05) 
1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone, also known as 4-methoxybenzyl methyl ketone or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone is a sweet, anisic, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in anise, fennel, and herbs and spices. This makes 1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-2-propanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of isoquinolinonaphthyridines that is 5,6-dihydroisoquinolino[2,1-b][2,7]naphthyridin-8-one bearing additional hydroxy, methoxy and 1-hydroxyethyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 12. It is an isoquinolinonaphthyridine, a benzopyridoquinolizidine derivative, an alkaloid, an aromatic ether, a secondary alcohol and a member of phenols. 
A chelating agent that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations such as CALCIUM. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. 
it is a member of the class of dithiocarbamic acids that is diethylcarbamic acid in which both of the oxygens are replaced by sulfur. It has a role as a chelator. It is a conjugate acid of a diethyldithiocarbamate. it is a sulfhydryl-containing carbamate that is the primary in vivo metabolite of disulfiram. Diethyldithiocarbamate chelates zinc, thereby inhibiting metalloproteinases, thereby preventing the degradation of the extracellular matrix and inhibiting an initial step in cancer metastasis and angiogenesis. A known inhibitor of superoxide dismutase, this agent can either potentiate or protect against cell oxidative damage caused by ionizing radiation, depending on the time of administration. (NCI04) 
Contracted name for a salt of ethylenediaminetetraacetate, an agent used as a chelator of lead and some other heavy metals. C10H12CaN2Na2O8. 
Menthyl isovalerate, also known as fema 2669 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Menthyl isovalerate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, menthyl isovalerate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Menthyl isovalerate is a sweet, bitter, and cooling tasting compound that can be found in peppermint. This makes menthyl isovalerate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone compound in which the hydroxy groups are at C-1 and C-2 and which has a bis[(carboxymethyl)amino]methyl substituent at the 3-position. It has a role as a colorimetric reagent. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. 
it is a member of the class of depsidones that is 3,4-dihydro-2H,7H-chromeno[7,6-b][1,4]benzodioxepine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 10, methyl groups at positions 2, 2, 5 and 8, a formyl group at position 11 and oxo groups at positions 4 and 7. Isolated from Chaetomium brasiliense it exhibits antimalarial and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as an antimalarial, a Chaetomium metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an aldehyde, a member of depsidones, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. 
1, 4-Dithiane-2, 5-diol, also known as 2, 5-dimethyl-1, 4-dithiane or fema 3826, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dithianes. Dithianes are compounds containing a dithiane moiety, which is composed of a cyclohexane core structure wherein two methylene units are replaced by sulfur centres. 1, 4-Dithiane-2, 5-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1, 4-dithiane-2, 5-diol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1, 4-Dithiane-2, 5-diol has a bread, broth, and egg taste. 
it appears as orange prisms or orange powder. Sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid with a nitro substituent at position 4. It has a role as a mutagen. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a nitrobenzoic acid. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
it, also known as 2-acetyl-4-picoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2-bromo-N-carbamoyl-3-methylbutanamide is an N-acylurea that is urea in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a 2-bromo-3-methybutanoyl group. It is a N-acylurea and an organobromine compound. 
Methyl phenyl(piperidin-2-yl)acetate is a amino acid ester that is methyl phenylacetate in which one of the hydrogens alpha to the carbonyl group is replaced by a piperidin-2-yl group. It is a member of piperidines, a methyl ester and a beta-amino acid ester. it is a synthetic central nervous system stimulant. it appears to activate the brain stem arousal system and cortex to produce its stimulant effect and, in some clinical settings, may improve cognitive function. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is isoflavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' and a prenyl group at position 3'. It has been isolated from Ficus mucuso. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an isoflavone. 
Diethyl acetic acid, also known as 2-ethyl-butyric acid or diethyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched fatty acids. These are fatty acids containing a branched chain. Diethyl acetic acid exists as a liquid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Diethyl acetic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, diethyl acetic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. Diethyl acetic acid has an acidic, berry, and caramel taste. 
it is the L-enantiomer of ascorbate and conjugate base of L-ascorbic acid, arising from selective deprotonation of the 3-hydroxy group. Required for a range of essential metabolic reactions in all animals and plants. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, a cofactor and a water-soluble vitamin. It is a conjugate base of a L-ascorbic acid. 
it is a delta-lactone that is 2-oxabicyclo[3.2.1]octan-3-one substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 8 and 8 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a potent synthetic agonist of gonadotropin-releasing hormone with 3-(2-naphthyl)-D-alanine substitution at residue 6. it has been used in the treatments of central precocious puberty and endometriosis. it Acetate is the acetate salt form of it, a modified synthetic porcine luteinizing hormone (LH)-releasing hormone peptide analog, with gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonist activity. Upon nasal inhalation, it acetate binds to the GnRH receptor. This initially results in the release of the gonadotropins, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and LH, from the pituitary gland; however, prolonged stimulation of the GnRH receptor desensitizes the receptor, which leads to decreased secretion of FSH and LH. In females, the inhibition of gonadotropin secretion causes hypogonadotropic hypogonadism leading to decreased production of estrogen and progesterone and anovulation. In males, the inhibition of LH secretion prevents the production and release of testosterone from Leydig cells in the testes and causes a significant decline in testosterone production that is near the levels seen following castration. 
N(2),3-ethenoguanine is a nucleobase analogue obtained by addition of an etheno group across positions N2 and 3 of guanine. It is an imidazopurine and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a guanine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Endometriosis, Prostate Cancer, Uterine Fibroids, and Androgen Deprivation Treatment-naÃ¯ve Nonmetastatic Prostate Cancer. it is an orally available, non-peptide gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH)) antagonist, with potential antineoplastic activity. it competitively binds to and blocks the GnRH receptor in the anterior pituitary gland, which both prevents GnRH binding to the GnRH receptor and inhibits the secretion and release of both luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). In males, the inhibition of LH secretion prevents the release of testosterone from Leydig cells in the testes. Since testosterone is required to sustain prostate growth, reducing testosterone levels may inhibit hormone-dependent prostate cancer cell proliferation. 
D & c yellow 11 appears as bright greenish yellow solid or canary yellow powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a quinoline derivative with a 1,3-dioxoindan-2-yl substituent at C-2. It has a role as a dye. It is a member of quinolines, a beta-diketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a methyladenine that is 9H-purin-6-amine substituted by a methyl group at the amino nitrogen. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 6-alkylaminopurine and a methyladenine. 
Tubocurarine Chloride is the chloride salt form of tubocurarine, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. Tubocurarine chloride competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it is an amino cyclitol glycoside that is isolated from Streptomyces kasugaensis and exhibits antibiotic and fungicidal properties. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an amino cyclitol glycoside, an aminoglycoside antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative, a carboxamidine and an antibiotic fungicide. 
it, also known as N-piperazinedithioacarboxylic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperazines. Piperazines are compounds containing a piperazine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member heterocyclic with two nitrogen atoms at positions 1 and 4, as well as four carbon atoms. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-piperazinecarbodithioic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as hishigado or amgard CPC, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as psoralens. These are organic compounds containing a psoralen moiety, which consists of a furan fused to a chromenone to for 7H-furo[3, 2-g]chromen-7-one it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (R)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (R)-it can be found in carrot, lemon, parsley, and wild carrot. This makes (R)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dicarboximide that is (3aR,4S,7R,7aS)-hexahydro-1H-4,7-methanoisoindole-1,3(2H)-dione which is substituted by a 4-[4-(pyrimidin-2-yl)piperazin-1-yl]butyl group at position 2. It is a potent and selective 5-HT1A receptor partial agonist (Ki = 27 nM). It has a role as an antidepressant and an anxiolytic drug. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a member of pyrimidines, a bridged compound and a dicarboximide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of dobutamine, a synthetic catecholamine with direct inotropic activity. it, mimics the effects of dopamine and stimulates beta-1 adrenergic receptors located in the myocardium. This leads to an increase in heart rate and force and results in an increase in cardiac output. 
it is a macrocycle-structured gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. It is composed of the organic acid DOTA (1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7,10-tetraacetic acid) used for its chelating properties, and gadolinium (Gd3+). As a paramagnetic molecule, gadoterate develops a magnetic moment when placed in a magnetic field. This magnetic moment enhances the relaxation rates of water protons in its vicinity, leading to an increase in signal intensity (brightness) of tissues. More specifically, it reduces the T1 relaxation time (and to some extent the T2 and T2* relaxation times) in NMR, which is the source of its clinical utility. Increased signal brightness allows it to be used in imaging of blood vessels and of inflamed or diseased tissue where the blood vessels become 'leaky'.   it, as the FDA approved product Dotarem, is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity. 
Uridine diphosphategalactose, also known as UDP-D-galactopyranose or UDP galactose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine nucleotide sugars. These are pyrimidine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. Uridine diphosphategalactose is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Uridine diphosphategalactose has been found in human liver tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, uridine diphosphategalactose is primarily located in the cytoplasm and golgi. Uridine diphosphategalactose participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Uridine diphosphategalactose and glucose 1-phosphate can be converted into uridine diphosphate glucose and galactose 1-phosphate through the action of the enzyme galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase. Furthermore, D-Glucose and uridine diphosphategalactose can be converted into uridine 5'-diphosphate and Alpha-lactose; which is catalyzed by the enzyme lactose synthase. Furthermore, Uridine diphosphategalactose and D-glucose can be converted into uridine 5'-diphosphate and Alpha-lactose through the action of the enzyme Beta-1, 4-galactosyltransferase 1. Finally, Uridine diphosphategalactose and glucose 1-phosphate can be converted into galactose 1-phosphate and uridine diphosphate glucose; which is catalyzed by the enzyme galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase. In humans, uridine diphosphategalactose is involved in the galactose metabolism pathway, lactose synthesis pathway, and the nucleotide sugars metabolism pathway. Uridine diphosphategalactose is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include glut-1 deficiency syndrome, the galactosemia pathway, the congenital disorder OF glycosylation CDG-iid pathway, and the galactosemia II (galk) pathway. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01511029 (Study to Evaluate the QTC Interval in Healthy Volunteers Dosed With it (QTC = Electrocardiogram (ECG) Interval Measured From the Onset of the QRS Complex to the End of the T Wave Corrected for Heart Rate)). 
it is the tosylate salt of bretylium. It blocks noradrenaline release from the peripheral sympathetic nervous system, and is used in emergency medicine, cardiology, and other specialties for the acute management of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, an anti-arrhythmia drug and an antihypertensive agent. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a bretylium. it is the tosylate salt form of bretylium, a quaternary ammonium salt and non-selective adrenergic neuronal blocking agent with anti-arrhythmic properties. it is selectively taken up into peripheral nerve terminals and initially causes a release of norepinephrine from sympathetic nerve endings, thereby causing a sympathomimetic effect. This is followed by a prolonged anti-adrenergic action which prevents further discharge of neurotransmitter from sympathetic nerve endings. Its myocardial effects include a prolongation of action potential as well as refractory period. This drug is used to treat and suppress ventricular arrhythmias, particularly ventricular fibrillation and ventricular tachycardia. 
it is an amino nonasaccharide that is the linear hexasaccharide alpha-D-Man-(1->2)-alpha-D-Man-(1->2)-alpha-D-Man-(1->3)-beta-D-Man-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcNAc-(1->4)-D-GlcNAc in which the mannosyl residue nearest the reducing end has the branched trisaccharide alpha-D-Man-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Man-(1->6)]-alpha-D-Man attached at position 6. It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide, an amino nonasaccharide and a (Hex)6,7(HexNAc)2. 
Dabigatran etexilate methanesulfonate is a methanesulfonate salt obtained by reaction of dabigatran etexilate with one equivalent of dabigatran etexilate. A prodrug for dabigatran, a thrombin inhibitor and anticoagulant which is used for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism. It has a role as an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor, an anticoagulant and a prodrug. It contains a dabigatran etexilate(1+). Dabigatran Etexilate Mesylate is an orally available mesylate salt form of the etexilate prodrug of dabigatran, a benzimidazole and direct thrombin inhibitor with anticoagulant activity. Upon administration, dabigatran etexilate is hydrolyzed by esterases and is converted into dabigatran. Dabigatran reversibly binds to and inhibits the activity of thrombin, a serine protease that converts fibrinogen into fibrin. This disrupts the coagulation cascade and inhibits the formation of blood clots. 
it is an addition compound obtained by combining equimolar amounts of (2Z,3Z)-bis{amino[(2-aminophenyl)sulfanyl]methylidene}butanedinitrile (it) and ethanol. An inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase that also exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, an osteogenesis regulator and a vasoconstrictor agent. It contains an it. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide and an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a butanal. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, an antidote to paracetamol poisoning, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aspartate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-methioninium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-methioninate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (provided by food), it is required for growth and tissue repair. A sulphur-containing amino acid, it improves the tone and pliability of skin, hair, and strengthens nails. Involved in many detoxifying processes, sulphur provided by it protects cells from pollutants, slows cell aging, and is essential for absorption and bio-availability of selenium and zinc. it chelates heavy metals, such as lead and mercury, aiding their excretion. It also acts as a lipotropic agent and prevents excess fat buildup in the liver. (NCI04) 
it, anhydrous appears as a mobile colorless strongly fuming liquid. Density 1.583 g / cm3. Corrosive to glass, fabric, metals and tissue. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as short-chain keto acids and derivatives. These are keto acids with an alkyl chain the contains less than 6 carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in fruits and milk and milk products. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt of formula Na3VO4 containing the tetrahedral VO4(3-) It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor. It contains a vanadate(3-). 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N-ethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a chloro group at position 6. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from a 6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine. 
Ethyl silicate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a faint odor. Flash point 125Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is a solanapyrone, a pyrancarbaldehyde and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma, Hodgkin's Disease, and Non-hodgkin's Lymphoma. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of CXC chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) with receptor binding and hematopoietic stem cell-mobilization activities. it binds to the chemokine receptor CXCR4, thereby preventing the binding of stromal derived factor-1 (SDF-1 or CXCL12) to the CXCR4 receptor and subsequent receptor activation; this may induce the mobilization of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells from the bone marrow into blood. CXCR4, a chemokine receptor belonging to the G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) gene family, plays an important role in chemotaxis and angiogenesis and is upregulated in several tumor cell types; CXCL12/CXCR4 interaction induces retention of hematopoietic cells in the bone marrow. 
it is a fine, white, odorless powder. Note that granules from different vegetable sources vary in shape, size, and general appearance. A mixture of the carbohydrate polymers amylose amylopectin varying according to the vegetable source. Principally used for food. 
Dolasetron is a member of quinolizines, a member of indoles and a heteroarenecarboxylate ester. Dolasetron is an indole derivative and a potent serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist with anti-emetic property. Dolasetron blocks the activity of serotonin released from the enterochromaffin cells of the small intestine by selectively inhibiting and inactivating 5-HT3 receptors located on the nerve terminals of the vagus nerve in the periphery and centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. This results in suppression of signalling to trigger chemo- and radiotherapy induced nausea and vomiting. 
Ceftriaxone is a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic which has been associated with development of biliary sludge and biliary colic when given parenterally and in high doses. Ceftriaxone is also associated with rare instances of immunoallergic, usually cholestatic hepatitis similar to the injury associated with other cephalosporins. Ceftriaxone is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). it is the sodium salt form of ceftriaxone, a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
it is an organic cation that is 1-pyrroline bearing an N-methyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 1-pyrrolinium. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
Polychlorinated biphenyls are mixtures of up to 209 individual chlorinated compounds (known as congeners). There are no known natural sources of PCBs. PCBs are either oily liquids or solids that are colorless to light yellow. Some PCBs can exist as a vapor in air. PCBs have no known smell or taste. Many commercial PCB mixtures are known in the U. S. by the trade name Aroclor. PCBs have been used as coolants and lubricants in transformers, capacitors, and other electrical equipment because they don't burn easily and are good insulators. The manufacture of PCBs was stopped in the U. S. in 1977 because of evidence they build up in the environment and can cause harmful health effects. Products made before 1977 that may contain PCBs include old fluorescent lighting fixtures and electrical devices containing PCB capacitors, and old microscope and hydraulic oils. 
it is an orally available inhibitor of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutant form T790M, with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically binds to and inhibits EGFR T790M, a secondary acquired resistance mutation, which prevents EGFR-mediated signaling and leads to cell death in EGFR/T790M-expressing tumor cells. Compared to some other EGFR inhibitors, it may have therapeutic benefits in tumors with T790M-mediated drug resistance. This agent shows minimal activity against wild-type EGFR (WT EGFR), and does not cause dose-limiting toxicities that occur during the use of non-selective EGFR inhibitors, which can inhibit WT EGFR. EGFR, a receptor tyrosine kinase mutated in many tumor cell types, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization. 
it solution appears as a colorless liquid. More dense than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is lupane having a double bond at position 20(29) as well as 3beta-hydroxy and 28-carboxy substituents. It is found in the bark and other plant parts of several species of plants including Syzygium claviflorum. It exhibits anti-HIV, antimalarial, antineoplastic and anti-inflammatory properties. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an anti-HIV agent, an antimalarial, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of a lupane. it is a pentacyclic lupane-type triterpene derivative of betulin (isolated from the bark of Betula alba, the common white birch) with antiinflammatory, anti-HIV and antineoplastic activities. it induces apoptosis through induction of changes in mitochondrial membrane potential, production of reactive oxygen species, and opening of mitochondrial permeability transition pores, resulting in the release of mitochondrial apogenic factors, activation of caspases, and DNA fragmentation. Although originally thought to exhibit specific cytotoxicity against melanoma cells, this agent has been found to be cytotoxic against non-melanoma tumor cell types including neuroectodermal and brain tumor cells. 
it is an N,N'-diacetylchitobiose having beta-configuration at the reducing end anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from a beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-beta-D-glucosamine. 
it appears as a dull dark green powder. Used as a dye for silk or wool and biological stains. 
it is a alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is azelaic acid substituted by amino groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid, a gamma-amino acid, a diamino acid and an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pigeon pea and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 2-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid can be found in evening primrose. This makes 2-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a diastereoisomeric mixture comprising racemic cis- and racemic trans-goglioside A in a 10:1 ratio. It is a potent and rapidly reversible GBF1 (Golgi-specific brefeldin A-resistance guanine nucleotide exchange factor 1) inhibitor. The (3aS,4R,9bR) isomer is the most active (see Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett., 2012, 22, 5177-5181). It has a role as a cis-Golgi ArfGEF GBF inhibitor. It contains a cis-it and a trans-it. 
it is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a phenylacetamido group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an epitope and a drug allergen. It is a penicillin allergen and a penicillin. It is a conjugate acid of a benzylpenicillin(1-). it is a broad-spectrum, beta-lactam naturally occurring penicillin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates the penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually causing cell lysis. 
A protein extract of human menopausal urine in which LUTEINIZING HORMONE has been partially or completely removed. Urofollitropin represents FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE from the urine. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-formyl-L-leucine with the hydroxy group of (3S,4S)-3-hexyl-4-[(2S)-2-hydroxytridecyl]oxetan-2-one. A pancreatic lipase inhibitor, it is used as an anti-obesity drug. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor, a bacterial metabolite, an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor and an anti-obesity agent. It is a beta-lactone, a L-leucine derivative, a member of formamides and a carboxylic ester. it is a reversible active-site inhibitor of gastrointestinal lipases. it forms a covalent bond with the active serine site in gastric and pancreatic lipases, thereby inhibiting their activity and preventing dietary fat from being hydrolyzed and absorbed. (NCI04) 
it is a N-alkylpiperazine. It has a role as an antiemetic, a histamine antagonist, a calcium channel blocker, a muscarinic antagonist, an anti-allergic agent and a H1-receptor antagonist. 
Enterolactone, also known as it or 2, 3-BHBB, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzylbutyrolactone lignans. These are lignan compounds containing a 3, 4-dibenzyloxolan-2-one moiety. Enterolactone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Enterolactone has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, urine, and blood. Within the cell, enterolactone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Enterolactone is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolecarboxamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-[(Z)-(5-chloro-2-oxo-1,2-dihydroindol-3-ylidene)methyl]-2,4-dimethylpyrrole-3-carboxylic acid with the primary amino group of N(1),N(1)-diethylethane-1,2-diamine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.4.12 (sphingomyelin phosphodiesterase) inhibitor. It is a pyrrolecarboxamide, a member of oxindoles, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and an olefinic compound. It derives from a 3-methyleneoxindole. 
it is a colorless liquid with a mild, characteristic odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is an aromatic primary alcohol that is benzyl alcohol substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 5. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. It is an aromatic primary alcohol and a member of phenols. It derives from a benzyl alcohol and a hydroquinone. 
it is the chloride salt form of esoxybutynin, the dextrorotary form of oxybutynin S isomer [S(+)-isomer], with antispasmodic activity. Esoxybutynin chloride exerts its antimuscarinic effect on bladder smooth muscle by blocking muscarinic receptors in smooth muscle, thereby inhibiting acetylcholine binding. This results in a relaxation of bladder smooth muscle, a reduction of involuntary muscle contractions and delays the initial desire to void. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in citrus and mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine). This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an idarate(2-) that is the conjugate base of it(1-). It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-idarate(2-). 
it is a 4,5-dihydropyrazole having p-sulfophenyl-, carboxy-, amino- and oxo substituents at the 1-, 3-, 4- and 5-positions respectively. It is a member of pyrazoles, a monocarboxylic acid, a sulfonic acid and an amino acid. It derives from an antipyrine. 
Methylamine hydrochloride is the hydrochloride formed from methylamine. It is a hydrochloride, an organoammonium salt and a one-carbon compound. It contains a methylammonium. 
One of the endogenous pentapeptides with morphine-like activity. It differs from LEU-ENKEPHALIN by the amino acid METHIONINE in position 5. Its first four amino acid sequence is identical to the tetrapeptide sequence at the N-terminal of BETA-ENDORPHIN. 
it appears as white crystals or powder with a slight odor of ammonia. pH (1% aqueous solution) about 11. pH (40%) 11-13. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Lyngbya confervoides and has been shown to exhibit antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt composed of sodium and thiosulfate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as an antidote to cyanide poisoning, a nephroprotective agent and an antifungal drug. It contains a thiosulfate(2-). 
it is a steroid antibiotic that is isolated from the fermentation broth of Fusidium coccineum. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid, a sterol ester, a steroid acid, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a steroid antibiotic. It is a conjugate acid of a fusidate. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. it is a bacteriostatic antibiotic derived from the fungus Fusidium coccineum and used as a topical medication to treat skin infections. it acts as a bacterial protein synthesis inhibitor by preventing the turnover of elongation factor G (EF-G) from the ribosome. it is effective primarily on gram-positive bacteria. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-malonylanthranilate. 
it is the disodium salt form of tiludronate, a first-generation, non-nitrogenous bisphosphonate analogue of endogenous pyrophosphate. Tiludronate adsorbs to hydroxyapatite cells, and although the exact mechanism through which this bisphosphonate exerts its effect has yet to be fully elucidated, tiludronate appears to inhibit protein-tyrosine-phosphatase (PTP) in osteoclasts, thereby disrupting the cytoskeletal ring structure and suppressing the bone resorbing activity of osteoclasts. In addition, tiludronate appears to inhibit the vacuolar-type proton ATPase (V-ATPase) in osteoclasts. Altogether, this may reduce the number of osteoclasts, inhibit abnormal bone resorption and reduce bone turnover. 
it is the 2,5-diphenylpiperazine salt of benzylpenicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates the penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
Atropine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of atropine, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. Atropine functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, tsibulin 1 is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, tsibulin 1 can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes tsibulin 1 a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the simplest member of the class of delta-lactone that is tetrahydro-2H-pyran substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It derives from a hydride of an oxane. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy groups at positions 3 and 4' and hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 2' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a hepatoprotective agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of chalcones, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of phenols. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
A pyrazine compound inhibiting SODIUM reabsorption through SODIUM CHANNELS in renal EPITHELIAL CELLS. This inhibition creates a negative potential in the luminal membranes of principal cells, located in the distal convoluted tubule and collecting duct. Negative potential reduces secretion of potassium and hydrogen ions. Amiloride is used in conjunction with DIURETICS to spare POTASSIUM loss. (From Gilman et al., Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 9th ed, p705) 
it is a bile acid that is 5beta-cholan-24-oic acid bearing three alpha-hydroxy substituents at position 3, 7 and 12. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid, a C24-steroid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid and a trihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a cholate. 
N-it is a member of the class of 6-aminopurines that is adenine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by a benzyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a cytokinin. It derives from an adenine. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-glutamine with the amino group of L-phenylalanine. It derives from a L-glutamine and a L-phenylalanine. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of nilotinib, an orally bioavailable aminopyrimidine-derivative Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. Designed to overcome imatinib resistance, nilotinib binds to and stabilizes the inactive conformation of the kinase domain of the Abl protein of the Bcr-Abl fusion protein, resulting in the inhibition of the Bcr-Abl-mediated proliferation of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) cells. This agent also inhibits the receptor tyrosine kinases platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGF-R) and c-kit, a receptor tyrosine kinase mutated and constitutively activated in most gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs). With a binding mode that is energetically more favorable than that of imatinib, nilotinib has been shown to have an approximately 20-fold increased potency in kinase and proliferation assays compared to imatinib. 
it is a member of the class of pyrroles that is 4-bromo-1H-pyrrole-3-carbonitrile which is substituted at positions 1, 2 and 5 by ethoxymethyl, p-chlorophenyl and trifluoromethyl groups, respectively. A proinsecticide used for termite control and crop protection against several insects and mite pests. It has a role as a proinsecticide and a proacaricide. It is an organofluorine acaricide, an organochlorine acaricide, an organochlorine insecticide, an organofluorine insecticide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a nitrile, a member of pyrroles and a hemiaminal ether. It derives from a tralopyril. 
it, also known as L-V dipeptide or leu-val, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is an unbranched nineteen-carbon alkene with one double bond between C-1 and C-2. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 
it is an optically active form of ofloxacin having (S)-configuration; an inhibitor of bacterial topoisomerase IV and DNA gyrase It has a role as a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an antibacterial drug and a topoisomerase IV inhibitor. It is an ofloxacin, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it is a broad-spectrum, third-generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic and optically active L-isomer of ofloxacin with antibacterial activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell wall and acts by inhibiting DNA gyrase (bacterial topoisomerase II), an enzyme required for DNA replication, RNA transcription, and repair of bacterial DNA. Inhibition of DNA gyrase activity leads to blockage of bacterial cell growth. 
Arsphenamine is an organoarsenic compound, a hydrochloride and a member of diarsenes. It has a role as an antisyphilitic drug. It contains a 3,3'-diarsene-1,2-diylbis(6-hydroxyanilinium). 
it is the 2-dehydro-3-deoxy derivative of D-galactonic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a ketoaldonic acid and a hexonic acid. It derives from a galactonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-galactonate. It is an enantiomer of a 2-keto-3-deoxy-L-galactonic acid. 
it appears as fluffy colorless powder or fine white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is the stearate salt form of erythromycin, a broad-spectrum, topical macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. it may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
it is a guanidine that consists of agmatine having a 3-aminopropyl group attached to the N-1 position. It derives from an agmatine. It is a conjugate base of a N(1)-aminopropylagmatine(3+). 
it is an ionic tri-iodinated benzoate used as a contrast agent in diagnostic imaging. Like other organic iodine compounds, iothalamic acid blocks x-ray and appears opaque on x-ray film, thereby enhancing the visibility of structure and organs during angiography, arteriography, arthrography, cholangiography, and computed tomography (CT) scanning procedures. 
it is a member of the class of furoic acids that is 2-furoic acid substituted at position 5 by a formyl group. It is a furoic acid, an arenecarbaldehyde and an aldehydic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-formyl-2-furoate. 
it, also known as 2, 3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthridines and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthridine moiety, which is a tricyclic system with two benzene rings joined by a pyridine forming a non-linear skeleton. Hydrogenated derivatives are also included. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in opium poppy. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid in which the amino acid specified is L-serine. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an acetyl-L-serine and a N-acetyl-L-amino acid. 
it is a bisphenol that is methane in which two of the hydrogens have been replaced by 4-hydroxyphenyl groups. It has a role as an environmental food contaminant and a xenoestrogen. It is a diarylmethane and a bisphenol. 
it is a primary alcohol that is ethanol substituted by a phenyl group at position 2. It has a role as a fragrance, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a plant metabolite, an Aspergillus metabolite and a plant growth retardant. It is a primary alcohol and a member of benzenes. 
it is a 3-[1-(2,6-dichloro-3-fluorophenyl)ethoxy]-5-[1-(piperidin-4-yl)pyrazol-4-yl]pyridin-2-amine that has R configuration at the chiral centre. The active enantiomer, it acts as a kinase inhibitor and is used for the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a biomarker and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. it is an orally available aminopyridine-based inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) and the c-Met/hepatocyte growth factor receptor (HGFR) with antineoplastic activity. it, in an ATP-competitive manner, binds to and inhibits ALK kinase and ALK fusion proteins. In addition, it inhibits c-Met kinase, and disrupts the c-Met signaling pathway. Altogether, this agent inhibits tumor cell growth. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development. ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a series of tumors. 
Pentacyclic triterpene saponins, biosynthesized from protoaescigenin and barringtogenol, occurring in the seeds of AESCULUS. It inhibits edema formation and decreases vascular fragility. 
it is a 5'-phospho-(3'->5')-dinucleotide composed from two AMP residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
A potent and specific inhibitor of PEPTIDYL-DIPEPTIDASE A. It blocks the conversion of ANGIOTENSIN I to ANGIOTENSIN II, a vasoconstrictor and important regulator of arterial blood pressure. Captopril acts to suppress the RENIN-ANGIOTENSIN SYSTEM and inhibits pressure responses to exogenous angiotensin. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of lincomycin, a lincosamide antibiotic originally identified in actinomycete Streptomyces lincolnensis with activity against gram-positive cocci and anaerobic bacteria. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid aldehyde, an intermedediate and reduction product from artemisinic aldehyde in the biosynthesis of artemisinin from artemisinic alcohol in Artemisia annua. It is a sesquiterpenoid, an aldehyde and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. It derives from an artemisinic aldehyde. 
it is a quinodimethane that is p-quinodimethane in which the methylidene hydrogens are replaced by cyano groups. It is an alicyclic compound, a nitrile and a quinodimethane. It derives from a p-quinodimethane. 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
A long-acting calcium-blocking agent with significant anti-anginal activity. The drug produces significant coronary vasodilation and modest peripheral effects. It has antihypertensive and selective anti-arrhythmia activities and acts as a calmodulin antagonist. 
it is a perfluoroalkanesulfonic acid that is hexane-1-sulfonic acid in which all thirteen of the hydrogens that are attached to carbons have been replaced by fluorines. 
Sodium sulfide (anhydrous) is a sulfide salt with formula Na2S. The pentahydrate and (particularly) the nonahydrate are also known. In gel form, sodium sulfide is used to soften toenails to assist in trimming (and so relive pain) of ingrowing toenails. It is a sulfide salt and an inorganic sodium salt. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is quinaldic acid which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and by a chlorine at position 7. It is a potent NMDA glutamate receptor antagonist which antagonizes the strychnine-insensitive glycine site of the NMDA receptor. It also prevents neurodegeneration produced by quinolinic acid. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and a NMDA receptor antagonist. It is an organochlorine compound and a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid. 
it is a sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Like sulfonylureas, it is able to lower blood glucose levels by increasing the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells. 
it is a dipeptide formed from glycine and L-methionine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a glutamyl-L-amino acid obtained by formal condensation of the gamma-carboxy group of glutamic acid with the amino group of leucine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a glutamic acid and a leucine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Chitin is an aminoglycan consisting of beta-(1->4)-linked N-acetyl-D-glucosamine residues. It has a role as a vulnerary, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an aminoglycan and a N-acylglucosamine. 
Hydroxyfenbendazole is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is fenbendazole in which the hydrogen at position 4 on the phenyl ring has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a drug metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a carbamate ester, an aryl sulfide and a member of phenols. It derives from a fenbendazole. 
A potent noncompetitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor (RECEPTORS, N-METHYL-D-ASPARTATE) used mainly as a research tool. The drug has been considered for the wide variety of neurodegenerative conditions or disorders in which NMDA receptors may play an important role. Its use has been primarily limited to animal and tissue experiments because of its psychotropic effects. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of behenic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 22:0, a 2-saturated fatty acid anion and an omega-methyl fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a docosanoic acid. 
Thyroxine is an iodothyronine compound having iodo substituents at the 3-, 3'-, 5- and 5'-positions. It has a role as a mitogen. It is an iodothyronine, a 2-halophenol, an iodophenol, a tyrosine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a thyroxine zwitterion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 15-deacetylcalonectrin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a hydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a formyl group. It is an aldehyde, a member of phenols and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of hexanol with butyric acid. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid and a hexan-1-ol. 
Insoluble in water and denser than water. Moderately toxic by ingestion. Readily ignited by sparks or flames. Burns intensely and persistently. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. Used as a catalyst, in vinyl polymerizations and a blowing agent for plastics. 
it, also known as it or fema 3855, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a cat, fruity, and herbal tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of caprolactams resulting from the Beckmann rearrangement of the oxime derivative of cholest-4-en-3-one. It is a member of caprolactams, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a semisynthetic derivative. 
Synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers to study biological membranes. It is also a major constituent of PULMONARY SURFACTANTS. 
it is a propanolamine that is 1-(propan-2-ylamino)propan-2-ol substituted by a 4-(2-methoxyethyl)phenoxy group at position 1. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a propanolamine, an aromatic ether, a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. it is a cardioselective competitive beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive properties and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. it antagonizes beta 1-adrenergic receptors in the myocardium, thereby reducing the rate and force of myocardial contraction leading to a reduction in cardiac output. This agent may also reduce the secretion of renin with subsequent reduction in levels of angiotensin II thereby preventing vasoconstriction and aldosterone secretion. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an oxomalonate(1-). 
it provides contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. it can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies. n MRI, visualization of normal and pathological brain tissue depends in part on variations in the radiofrequency signal intensity that occur with changes in proton density, alteration of the T1, and variation in T2. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoteridol shortens the T1 relaxation time in tissues where it accumulates. Abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoteridol in lesions such as neoplasms, abscesses, and subacute infarcts. 
All-trans-retinyl tetradecanoate is an all-trans-retinyl ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of tetradecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of all-trans-retinol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is an all-trans-retinyl ester and a tetradecanoate ester. 
it is an N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide having (S)-malyl as the anomeric substituent. It derives from a (S)-malic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a copper group element atom with atomic number 111. The the ninth member of the 6d series of transition metals, it is an extremely radioactive, synthetic element. Average mass is around 281. 
it is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 3 and 4. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dimethylbenzoate. 
it is an adenosine bisphosphate having monophosphate groups at the 2'- and 5'-positions and a sulfo group attached to the phosphate at position 5'. It derives from an adenosine 2',5'-bisphosphate and a 5'-adenylyl sulfate. 
it is a substituted dithiolthione and analog of chemopreventive agent oltipraz. it is a bile secretion-stimulating drug that restores salivation and relieves the discomfort of dry mouth in chemotherapy-induced xerostomia. In addition, this agent has exhibited chemopreventive properties. The mechanism of action for the chemopreventive and xerostomia properties have not been fully elucidated. 
it is an odorless clear liquid. Neutral pH. (NTP, 1992) it is a trialkyl phosphate that is the tris(2-chloroethyl) ester of phosphoric acid. It is a trialkyl phosphate and an organochlorine compound. 
it is the sodium salt of ceftizoxime. It contains a ceftizoxime(1-). Ceftizoxime Sodium is the sodium salt form of ceftizoxime and a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inactivating penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of the cell wall. Lack of cross-linking results in a reduction of cell wall stability and leads to cell lysis. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02268552 (An Open Label Study of it (it) in Type 1 Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)). 
it is a fluoroamino acid that is ornithine substituted by a difluoromethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a trypanocidal drug. It is a fluoroamino acid and an alpha-amino acid. It derives from an ornithine. it is a difluoromethylated ornithine compound with antineoplastic activity. it irreversibly inhibits ornithine decarboxylase, an enzyme required for polyamine biosynthesis, thereby inhibiting the formation and proliferation of tumor cells. Polyamines are involved in nucleosome oligomerization and DNA conformation, creating a chromatin environment that stimulates neoplastic transformation of cells. This agent has been shown to induce apoptosis in leiomyoma cells. (NCI04) 
it is an indole alkaloid. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a hormone antagonist, a dopamine agonist and an antidyskinesia agent. It derives from a hydride of an ergotaman. it is a semisynthetic, ergot alkaloid with antiparkinson and lactation inhibitory activities. it selectively binds to and activates the postsynaptic dopamine D2-like receptors in the corpus striatum of the central nervous system (CNS). D2-like receptors are coupled to inhibitory G-proteins, which inhibit adenylyl cyclase, thereby preventing signal transduction mediated via cAMP and leading to an inhibitory effect on neurotransmission. This improves Parkinson symptoms, such as dyskinesia. it also has an inhibitory effect on the anterior pituitary gland, which results in blockage of prolactin secretion, thereby suppressing lactation. 
it is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of methyl-CoM, arising from deprotonation of the sulfo group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a methyl-CoM. 
FATTY ACIDS which have the first unsaturated bond in the sixth position from the omega carbon. A typical American diet tends to contain substantially more omega-6 than OMEGA-3 FATTY ACIDS. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic guanidine alkaloid isolated from the marine sponge Crambe crambe and Batzella. It exhibits anti-HIV-1 and anti-HSV-1 activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV-1 agent, an anti-HSV-1 agent, an antimalarial and a marine metabolite. It is an alkaloid, a carboxylic ester, a member of guanidines, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a spiro compound, a primary amino compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is the 14-15-dihydro derivative of jerantinine A. Isolated from Tabernaemontana corymbosa, it exhibits cytotoxicity against human KB cells. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an alkaloid ester, an indole alkaloid, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It derives from a jerantinine A. 
it, also known as 3-(methylsulfanyl)-2-butanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-(methylthio)-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
N-{2-[4-methoxy-3-(2-phenylethoxy)phenyl]ethyl}-N-propylpropan-1-amine hydrochloride is an aromatic ether that is (2-phenoxyethyl)benzene which carries a 2-(dipropylamino)ethyl group at position 3 and a methoxy group at position 6. It is a potent and selective sigma1 receptor antagonist. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent and a receptor modulator. It is an aromatic ether, a member of methoxybenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and a hydrochloride. 
Glucosamine is a popular nutritional supplement and natural component of cartilage that is frequently combined with it and used for osteoarthritis and nonspecific joint pain. Glucosamine has been implicated in isolated case reports in causing clinically apparent liver injury, but the role of glucosamine as opposed to other herbal components or contaminants has not been shown, and liver injury due to glucosamine or chondroitin must be very rare if it occurs at all. 
N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine is an N-acetyl-D-galactosamine having alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from an alpha-D-galactosamine. 
it is a 21-hydroxy steroid that consists of pregn-4-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 11 and 21 and oxo groups at positions 3 and 20. it is a 21-carbon steroid hormone of the corticosteroid type produced in the cortex of the adrenal glands. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a glucocorticoid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is a oxoalkyl phosphate having 3-amino-2-oxopropyl as the oxoalkyl group. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-ammonio-2-oxopropyl phosphate(1-). 
it is a D-it in which both phosphate groups are monophosphates. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it, also known as it or phe-p-1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyridines. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring linked to a pyridine ring through a CC or CN bond. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is benzimidazole in which the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a flavone C-glycoside that is apigenin attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl and a beta-L-arabinopyranosyl residues at positions 6 and 8 respectively via C-glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a flavone C-glycoside and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is noncombustible. The primary hazard of this material is that it poses a threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. it is used in photography, in fabric printing, in chemical analysis, and in many other uses. it is a cadmium coordination entity in which cadmium(2+) and Cl(-) ions are present in the ratio 2:1. Although considered to be ionic, it has considerable covalent character to its bonding. it is a whitish, crystalline, inorganic compound that forms toxic fumes of cadmium oxides when heated. it is used in electroplating, printing, photocopying, dyeing, mirrors, vacuum tubes, lubricants, analytical chemistry and as a chemical intermediate to produce cadmium containing pigments and stabilizers. Exposure to this substance irritates the eyes, skin and respiratory tract and causes damage to the lungs resulting in shortness of breath, chest pain and pulmonary edema, and can also damage the kidneys causing proteinuria and decreased renal function. it is a known carcinogen and is associated with an elevated risk of developing lung cancer. (NCI05) 
it appears as a yellow to brown liquid with a mild ester odor. Used to control sucking, boring, and chewing pests on rice, cotton, coffee, apples, and other crops. Effective on ornamentals, trees, and shrubs for aphids, leaf hoppers, and scale insects. (EPA, 1998) it is a dialkyl phosphate and an organophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an avicide and an agrochemical. 
it appears as odorless white crystalline solid or white powder with a bitter taste. pH (2% aqueous solution) 5. pH (1% aqueous solution) 4-5. (NTP, 1992) it is a synthetic alkylamine derivative used in allergic reactions, hay fever, rhinitis, urticaria, and asthma, antihistamine it acts as a competitive histamine H1 receptor antagonist, and displays anticholinergic and mild sedative effects as well. (NCI04) 
it is the N-amidino derivative of glycine. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a nutraceutical, a rat metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a guanidinoacetate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a gamma-lactone that is oxolan-2-one substituted by a hexyl group at position 5. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a food additive and an anticonvulsant. It is a gamma-lactone and a tetrahydrofuranone. 
N-Methylhistamine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aralkylamines. These are alkylamines in which the alkyl group is substituted at one carbon atom by an aromatic hydrocarbyl group. N-Methylhistamine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the L-enantiomer of psicose. It has a role as an antiviral agent. It is an enantiomer of a D-psicose. 
it is a solid. Insoluble in water. Used in organic synthesis, calibration, and temperature sensing equipment. it is a straight-chain alkane with 22 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is the isethionate salt form of palbociclib, an orally available cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Palbociclib selectively inhibits cyclin-dependent kinase 4 (CDK4) and 6 (CDK6), thereby inhibiting retinoblastoma (Rb) protein phosphorylation early in the G1 phase leading to cell cycle arrest. This suppresses DNA replication and decreases tumor cell proliferation. CDK4 and 6 are serine/threonine kinases that are upregulated in many tumor cell types and play a key role in the regulation of cell cycle progression. 
it is a diterpene triepoxide that is triptobenzene K in which the acylhydroquinone moiety has undergone oxidation to the corresponding triepoxyketone derivative. It has been isolated from the roots of Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and an immunosuppressive agent. It is a cyclic ketone, an organic heteroheptacyclic compound, a diterpene triepoxide and a butenolide. 
Cerebrosides which contain as their polar head group a glucose moiety bound in glycosidic linkage to the hydroxyl group of ceramides. Their accumulation in tissue, due to a defect in beta-glucosidase, is the cause of Gaucher's disease. 
it is a nitrobenzoic acid carrying the nitro substituent at position 2. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-nitrobenzoate. 
it is a long-chain fatty aldehyde resulting from the formal oxidation of the hydroxy group of hexacosan-1-ol. It is a minor component of barley leaf wax. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty aldehyde and a 2,3-saturated fatty aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a hexacosane. 
17beta-estradiol 3-benzoate is a benzoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of benzoic acid with the phenolic hydroxy group of 17beta-estradiol. It has a role as a xenoestrogen and an estrogen receptor agonist. It is a benzoate ester and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. it is the synthetic benzoate ester of estradiol, a steroid sex hormone vital to the maintenance of fertility and secondary sexual characteristics in females. As the primary, most potent estrogen hormone produced by the ovaries, estradiol binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors. This agent exhibits mild anabolic and metabolic properties, and increases blood coagulability. (NCI04) 
it is an odorless yellow to orange-brown crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992)  It is a chemotherapy drug that interferes with DNA and RNA synthesis. it is a member of pteridines, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antirheumatic drug, an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an abortifacient, a dermatologic drug, an antimetabolite and an immunosuppressive agent. It derives from a L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is an antimetabolite and antifolate agent with antineoplastic and immunosuppressant activities. it binds to and inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in inhibition of purine nucleotide and thymidylate synthesis and, subsequently, inhibition of DNA and RNA syntheses. it also exhibits potent immunosuppressant activity although the mechanism(s) of actions is unclear. 
it is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is E3040 in which the hydroxy hydrogen at position 6 has been replaced by a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid group. It is a metabolite of the anti-inflammatory drug, E3040. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a member of pyridines, a member of benzothiazoles and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an E3040. It is a conjugate acid of a 5,7-dimethyl-2-methylamino-4-(3-pyridylmethyl)-1,3-benzothiazol-6-yl beta-D-glucuronide(1-). 
it is a phosphatidylinositol mannoside having the phosphatidyl moiety (with specific O-acyl groups) at the 1-position, a single mannosyl residue at the 2-position and a linear pentamannoside at position 6 of the inositol ring. It has a role as an antigen. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of ropivacaine, a local anesthetic of the amide type with analgesic activity. Ropivacaine binds to voltage-gated sodium ion channels in the neuronal membrane, thereby preventing the permeability of sodium ions and resulting in a stabilization of the neuronal membrane and inhibition of depolarization; nerve impulse generation and propagation are blocked, resulting in a reversible loss of sensation. 
it is a galloyl-beta-D-glucose compound having four galloyl groups in the 1-, 2-, 3- and 6-positions. It is a gallate ester and a galloyl beta-D-glucose. 
it is an erythrose phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a D-erythrose. It is a conjugate base of a D-erythrose 4-phosphate. 
it is a steroid acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-oxo-23,24-bisnor-chol-4-en-22-oic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3-oxo-23,24-bisnorchol-4-en-22-oic acid. 
A 21-amino acid peptide produced predominantly within the kidney and intestine, with smaller amounts produced in the myocardium, placenta, and uterus, but the cells of origin are not clear. it has no unique physiologic functions, as compared with endothelin-1. (N Eng J Med 1995;333(6):356-63) 
An adenine nucleotide containing three phosphate groups esterified to the sugar moiety. In addition to its crucial roles in metabolism adenosine triphosphate is a neurotransmitter. 
Glutamic acid is an alpha-amino acid that is glutaric acid bearing a single amino substituent at position 2. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid and a polar amino acid. It contains a 2-carboxyethyl group. It is a conjugate acid of a glutamate(1-). 
3, 3'-Thiobispropanoic acid, also known as it or 4-thiaheptanedioic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. 3, 3'-Thiobispropanoic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 3'-thiobispropanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
N1-(alpha-D-Ribosyl)-5, 6-dimethyl-benzimidazole, also known as it or 5, 6-dimethyl-1-a-D-ribofuranosyl-1H-benzimidazole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzimidazole ribonucleosides and ribonucleotides. These are nucleosides with a structure that consists of an imidazole moiety of benzimidazole is N-linked to a ribose (or deoxyribose). Nucleotides have a phosphate group linked to the C5 carbon of the ribose (or deoxyribose) moiety. N1-(alpha-D-Ribosyl)-5, 6-dimethyl-benzimidazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a nucleotide-sugar oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups of UDP-L-arabinose; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an UDP-L-arabinose. 
it is a small molecule inhibitor of hypoxia inducible factor (HIF)-1 alpha currently in a clinical trial in patients with advanced metastatic cancer and lymphoma. it was effective in models of both non-small cell lung cancer and small cell lung cancer that express HIF-1 alpha. HIF-1alpha Inhibitor it is an orally active small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. Although its mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, HIF1-alpha inhibitor it appears to inhibit hypoxia-inducible factor 1-alpha (HIF1A) expression, which may result in decreased expression of HIF1A downstream target genes important to tumor growth and survival, a reduction in tumor cell proliferation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. The inhibitory effect of this agent is independent of the tumor suppressor genes VHL and p53 and may be related to derangements in glucose uptake and metabolism due to inhibition of glucose transporter-1 (Glut-1). 
it is a galactonic acid compound having L-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-galactonate. It is an enantiomer of a D-galactonic acid. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid lacking the isopropyl substituent with an aromatic C-ring and a hydroxy group at the 12-position. It derives from a hydride of a podocarpane. 
2-imino-3-(indol-3-yl)propanoic acid is a dehydroamino acid that is tryptophan in which the amino group has been oxidised to the corresponding imine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a dehydroamino acid, a ketimine, a tryptophan derivative and a member of indoles. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-imino-3-(indol-3-yl)propanoate. It is a tautomer of an alpha,beta-didehydrotryptophan and a it. 
N(tele)-methyl-L-histidine is a L-histidine derivative in which the methyl group is at N(tele)-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a L-histidine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an O-phosphonato-L-homoserine(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 5-ethyl-2-hexyl-4-methyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 1-[3-(dimethylamino)propyl]-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran-5-carbonitrile that has S-configuration at the chiral centre. It is the active enantiomer of citalopram. It has a role as an antidepressant and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-citalopram. it is the active S-stereoisomer of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) citalopram with antidepressant, anti-obsessive-compulsive and antibulimic properties. it inhibits the reuptake of the neurotransmitter serotonin (5-HT) at the serotonin reuptake pump of the neuronal membrane of the presynaptic cell, thereby increasing levels of 5-HT within the synaptic cleft and enhancing the actions of serotonin on 5HT1A autoreceptors. Unlike other SSRIs, it appears to not only bind to a primary high-affinity site on the serotonin transporter protein but also to a secondary lower-affinity allosteric site that is considered to stabilize and prolong drug binding. 
Beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine is a member of the class of chitobioses consisting of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine having a beta-D-glucosaminyl residue attached at the 4-position. It is a conjugate base of a beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine(1+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the enal that is (E)-hex-2-enal substituted with an oxo group at C-4. It is an enal and an enone. 
it is a quinolizidine alkaloid obtained by formal dehydrogenation at the 5,6-position of sparteine. It is a metabolite of sparteine found in human urine and plasma. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a quinolizidine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It derives from a sparteine. 
it, known as Xerava by Tetraphase Pharmaceuticals, is a fully synthetic fluorocycline antibiotic of the tetracycline class with activity against clinically significant gram-negative, gram-positive aerobic, and facultative bacteria. This includes most of those bacteria resistant to cephalosporins, fluoroquinolones, Î²-lactam/Î²-lactamase inhibitors, multidrug-resistant strains, and carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, and the majority of anaerobic pathogens.  It was first approved by the FDA on August 27, 2018. it has demonstrated superior potency to that of antibiotics that are currently being marketed for intraabdominal infections. 
3,7,12-trioxo-5beta-cholanic acid is an oxo-5beta-cholanic acid in which three oxo substituents are located at positions 3, 7 and 12 on the cholanic acid skeleton. It has a role as a gastrointestinal drug. It is an oxo-5beta-cholanic acid, a 7-oxo steroid, a 12-oxo steroid and a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,7,12-trioxo-5beta-cholan-24-oate. 
1,2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol)(1-) is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol)(1-) in which both acyl groups are specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl); major species at pH 7.3. It is a phosphatidylglycerol 32:0(1-) and a 1-acyl-2-palmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol)(1-). It is a conjugate base of a 1,2-palmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol). 
it is a guanosine 5'-phosphate. It derives from a GTP. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is 2,3-dimethoxybenzoquinone which has been substituted at positions 5 and 6 by decyl and methyl groups. It has a role as a cofactor. It derives from a 6-decylubiquinol. 
A nucleoside diphosphate sugar formed from GDPmannose, which provides fucose for lipopolysaccharides of bacterial cell walls, and for blood group substances and other glycoproteins. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta2 specific phosphorothioate antisense oligodeoxynucleotide with the sequence 5'-CGGCATGTCTATTTTGTA-3', with potential antineoplastic activity. Trebedersen binds to TGF-beta2 mRNA causing inhibition of protein translation, thereby decreasing TGF-beta2 protein levels; decreasing intratumoral TGF-beta2 levels may result in the inhibition of tumor cell growth and migration, and tumor angiogenesis. TGF-beta2, a cytokine often over-expressed in various malignancies, may play an important role in promoting the growth, progression, and migration of tumor cells. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a bread, coffee, and dark taste. 
C.i. basic green 4 appears as green crystals with metallic luster. Water solutions are blue-green. Used in dyeing silk, wool, biological staining, etc. it is an organic chloride salt that is the monochloride salt of it cation. Used as a green-coloured dye, as a counter-stain in histology, and for its anti-fungal properties in aquaculture. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye, an antifungal drug, a carcinogenic agent, a teratogenic agent, an environmental contaminant and an antibacterial agent. It contains a it cation. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid diamide that is a derivative of butyl(hydroxy)malonic acid in which one carboxy group has formed a hydrazide with 1,2-diphenylhydrazine and the other an amide with 6-aminohexanoic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid diamide and a carbohydrazide. 
it, also known as extraneal or adept, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dichlorobenzenes. Dichlorobenzenes are compounds containing a benzene with exactly two chlorine atoms attached to it. it is a drug which is used for management of high blood pressure. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, guanabenz is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the phenyl ester of para-aminosalicylic acid, reported to have less side effects than simple salts of para-aminosalicylic acid. 
it is conjugate base of S-it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a S-it. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a faint sweet odor. Shipped as a liquid under its vapor pressure. A leak may either be liquid or vapor. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Easily ignited. Vapors heavier than air. Can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used to make other chemicals and as a herbicide. it is a one-carbon compound that is methane in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a chloro group. It has a role as a refrigerant, a mutagen and a marine metabolite. It is a member of methyl halides and a member of its. Methyl Chloride is a colorless, flammable, toxic gas that was used widely as a refrigerant and has many current industrial applications, including use as a local anesthetic, a chemical intermediate in silicone polymer production and drug manufacturing, an extractant for oils and resins, a solvent in butyl rubber and petroleum refining, a propellant in polystyrene foam production, a methylating and chlorinating agent in organic chemistry and an herbicide. Exposure to methyl chloride can cause a wide variety of issues from frostbite, drowsiness and dizziness to paralysis, seizures and coma depending on the route and level (concentration and duration) of exposure. 
5-Acetyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole, also known as 2, 4-dimethyl-5-acetylthiazole or fema 3267, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 5-Acetyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-acetyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5-Acetyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole has a boiled meat, meaty, and nutty taste. 
it is a broad-spectrum, fifth-generation, pyrrolidinone cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an N-acyl-L-amino acid that is the N-indole-3-acetyl derivative of L-leucine. It is a N-acyl-L-amino acid, a L-leucine derivative and a N-(indole-3-acetyl)leucine. 
it, also known as it or fema 2689, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, floral, and fresh taste. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is vanillin in which the hydrogen ortho- to the hydroxy group is substituted by a nitro group. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of 2-nitrophenols. It derives from a vanillin. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid that is propionic acid substituted by an amino group at position 2 and a 3-hydroxy-4-oxopyridin-1(4H)-yl group at position 3 (the 2S-stereoisomer). It a non-protein plant amino acid isolated from Mimosa pudica. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of 4-pyridones. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a ubiquinol in which the polyprenyl substituent is octaprenyl. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is an ubiquinol and a polyprenylhydroquinone. 
it is a indole alkaloid comprising two indole-derived polycyclic moieties joined by a cyclic ether linkage. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. It derives from a hydride of a corynan. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is a 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid that is 4-methyl-1,3-thiazole-5-carboxylic acid which is substituted by a 3-cyano-4-(2-methylpropoxy)phenyl group at position 2. It is an orally-active, potent, and selective xanthine oxidase inhibitor used for the treatment of chronic hyperuricaemia in patients with gout. It has a role as an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a nitrile and a 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid. it is an orally available, non-purine inhibitor of xanthine oxidase with uric acid lowering activity. Upon oral administration, it selectively and noncompetitively inhibits the activity of xanthine oxidase, an enzyme that converts oxypurines, including hypoxanthine and xanthine, into uric acid. By inhibiting xanthine oxidase, uric acid production is reduced and serum uric acid levels are lowered. it may provide protection against acute renal failure caused by the excessive release of uric acid that occurs upon massive tumor cell lysis resulting from the treatment of some malignancies. 
it, also known as catechin gallate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechin gallates. These are organic compounds containing a gallate moiety glycosidically linked to a catechin. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-galloylcatechin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3-galloylcatechin can be found in a number of food items such as peanut, common hazelnut, pine nut, and almond. This makes 3-galloylcatechin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as solid odorless white crystals or pellets. Density 1.335 g /cc. Noncombustible. it is a carbonyl group with two C-bound amine groups. It has a role as a flour treatment agent, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a fertilizer. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a one-carbon compound. It derives from a carbonic acid. It is a tautomer of a carbamimidic acid. it is a nitrogenous compound containing a carbonyl group attached to two amine groups with osmotic diuretic activity. In vivo, it is formed in the liver via the it cycle from ammonia and is the final end product of protein metabolism. Administration of it elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain, cerebrospinal fluid and eye, into interstitial fluid and plasma, thereby decreasing pressure in those tissues and increasing urine outflow. 
it is a carbocyclic fatty acid that is hexanoic acid substituted at position 6 by a 3-oxo-2-{(Z)-pent-2-en-1-yl}cyclopentyl group. It is a carbocyclic fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid, an oxo fatty acid and a member of cyclopentanones. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (9R,13R)-1a,1b-dinor-10,11-dihydro-12-oxo-15-phytoenoate. 
it, [liquid] appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong odor that can vary from ammonia-like to fishlike. Vapors irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used in the manufacture of other chemicals. 
it is a carotenoid ether that is (3E,3'E)-1,1'-dihydroxy-3,3',4,4'-tetradehydro-1,1',2,2'-tetrahydro-psi,psi-carotene in which both hydroxyl hydrogens are replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
it is an imidazole substituted at positions 1, 4 and 5 by 4-aminosulfonylphenyl, chloro and 3-fluoro-4-methyoxyphenyl groups respectively. A selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, it is used in veterinary medicine for the control of pain and inflammation associated with osteoarthritis in dogs. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a sulfonamide, a member of imidazoles, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. 
it is an it in which the eight double bonds closest to the phosphate group have Z configuration, while the next two double bonds have E configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
, also known as fema 2950, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. is a berry, fresh, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in fruits and milk and milk products. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an amino acid analogue and antibiotic derived from the bacterium Streptomyces alanosinicus with antimetabolite and potential antineoplastic activities. L-it inhibits adenylosuccinate synthetase, which converts inosine monophospate (IMP) into adenylosuccinate, an intermediate in purine metabolism. L-it-induced disruption of de novo purine biosynthesis is potentiated by methylthioadenosine phosphorylase (MTAP) deficiency. The clinical use of this agent may be limited by its toxicity profile. MTAP is a key enzyme in the adenine and methionine salvage pathways. 
2, 5-Dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(methylthio)furan a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00493454 (Ibritumomab Tiuxetan for Treatment of Non-Follicular CD20+ Indolent Lymphomas). it is a radioisotope with a physical half-life of 2.83 days, used to label agents for diagnosis, disease progression and treatment. (NCI) 
Dihydromethysticin, also known as DHM or pseudomethysticin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kavalactones. These are lactones, which is structurally characterized by a benzene ring and a pyranone moiety, linked to each other to form a 4-methoxy-6-(2-phenylethyl)-2H-pyran-2-one skeleton. Dihydromethysticin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, dihydromethysticin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, dihydromethysticin can be found in beverages. This makes dihydromethysticin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine in which both acyl substituents are specified as (9E)-octadecenoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it is a decanoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of decanoic acid with propanol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a decanoic acid and a propan-1-ol. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of tirofiban, a non-peptide tyrosine derivative with anticoagulant property. Tirofiban antagonizes fibrinogen binding to the platelet cell surface receptor, glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIA complex, one of the two purinergic receptors activated by ADP. The antagonism prevents adenylyl cyclase activation, which mediated via GP IIb/IIIa receptor complex, and results in decreased levels of cAMP and thereby interferes with platelet membrane function and subsequent platelet-platelet interaction, release of platelet granule constituents and prolongation of bleeding time. 
it is dicarboxylate anion arising from deprotonation of both carboxylic acid groups of iminoaspartic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a C4-dicarboxylate. It is a conjugate base of an iminoaspartic acid and an it(1-). 
it is a hydroxyisoflavone that is luteone in which the hydroxy group at position 7 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone and a member of 7-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from a luteone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the sodium salt form of acyclovir, a synthetic analog of the purine nucleoside, guanosine, with potent antiviral activity against herpes simplex viruses type 1 and 2, varicella-zoster virus and other viruses of the herpesvirus family. After conversion in vivo to the active metabolite acyclovir triphosphate by viral thymidine kinase, acyclovir competitively inhibits viral DNA polymerase by incorporating into the growing viral DNA chain and terminating further polymerization. 
it is an oxime O-ether that is 2-methylpropan-1-imine substituted by a methoxy group at the nitrogen atom. It derives from a 2-methylpropanal oxime. 
it is a triazolo[4,3-a][1,4]benzodiazepine having a dimethylaminomethyl group at the 1-position, a phenyl group at the 6-position and a chloro substituent at the 8-position. It has a role as a sedative, an anxiolytic drug, an anticonvulsant and an antidepressant. 
Adenosine 3',5'-bismonophosphate is an adenosine bisphosphate having two monophosphate groups at the 3'- and 5'-positions. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an adenosine 3',5'-bismonophosphate(4-). 
it is a carbohydrazide that is hydrazine in which the amino hydrogens have been replaced by 3-methoxy-2-methylbenzoyl, 3,5-dimethylbenzoyl, and tert-butyl groups respectively. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an insecticide. It is a carbohydrazide and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a N'-benzoyl-N-(tert-butyl)benzohydrazide. 
2-Amino-1, 7, 9-trimethylimidazo[4, 5-g]quinoxaline, also known as 7, 9-dimeigqx, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinoxalines. Quinoxalines are compounds containing a quinoxaline moiety, a bicyclic heterocycle made up of a benzene ring fused to a pyrazine ring. 2-Amino-1, 7, 9-trimethylimidazo[4, 5-g]quinoxaline exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-amino-1, 7, 9-trimethylimidazo[4, 5-g]quinoxaline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 9H-beta-carboline substituted by a ethyl group at position 9, methoxy group at position 7 and a methyl group at position 1. It is semisynthetic derivative of harmine and has been shown to exhibit significant anti-HIV activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV agent. It is an aromatic ether, a semisynthetic derivative and a member of beta-carbolines. It derives from a harmine. 
it is a bisphosphoglyceric acid. It derives from a D-glyceric acid. It is a conjugate base of a cyclic 2,3-bisphospho-D-glycerate(3-). 
it appears as a colorless to pale-yellow colored liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point 65Â°F. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Vapors are heavier than air and may be narcotic in high concentrations. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a desoxynojirimycin derivative and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase with antihyperglycemic activity. it binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. Compared to acarbose, it is systemically absorbed. 
it is a mixture of synthetic polypeptides that has unique antiinflammatory and immunomodulatory activities and that is used to treat relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Glatiramer therapy is associated with a low rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy and has been linked to rare instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a yellowish, aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of six fused rings and produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter. Indene[1,2,3-cd]pyrene is primarily found in certain foods, gasoline and diesel exhaust, cigarette smoke, coal tar and coal tar pitch, soot and petroleum asphalt. This substance is used only for research purposes. Indene[1,2,3-cd]pyrene is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a clear colorless to tan liquid with an odor of grapes. Has light blue fluorescence. (NTP, 1992) it is a benzoate ester that is the methyl ester of anthranilic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and a flavouring agent. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid that is 10-deacetylbaccatin III having O-methyl groups attached at positions 7 and 10 as well as an O-(2R,3S)-3-[(tert-butoxycarbonyl)amino]-2-hydroxy-3-phenylpropanoyl group attached at position 13. Acts as a microtubule inhibitor, binds tubulin and promotes microtubule assembly and simultaneously inhibits disassembly. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a microtubule-stabilising agent. It derives from a 10-deacetylbaccatin III. it is a semi-synthetic derivative of the natural taxoid 10-deacetylbaccatin III with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and stabilizes tubulin, resulting in the inhibition of microtubule depolymerization and cell division, cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase, and the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. Unlike other taxane compounds, this agent is a poor substrate for the membrane-associated, multidrug resistance (MDR), P-glycoprotein (P-gp) efflux pump and may be useful for treating multidrug-resistant tumors. In addition, it penetrates the blood-brain barrier (BBB). 
it is a hydroxamic acid that is N-hydroxy-3-methylbenzamide in which the the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 have been replaced by benzyl[(4-methoxyphenyl)sulfonyl]amino and (diethylamino)methyl groups, respectively. It is a cell-permeable, potent, selective, and reversible inhibitor of matrix metallopeptidase-9 (MMP-9, EC 3.4.24.35). It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor. It is a hydroxamic acid, a tertiary amino compound, a sulfonamide and an aromatic ether. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydrofuranoquinolines. These are organic heterocyclic compounds with a structure based on the dihydrofuranoquinoline skeleton (Â±)-it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (Â±)-it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (Â±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A mercaptoethylamine compound that is endogenously derived from the COENZYME A degradative pathway. The fact that cysteamine is readily transported into LYSOSOMES where it reacts with CYSTINE to form cysteine-cysteamine disulfide and CYSTEINE has led to its use in CYSTINE DEPLETING AGENTS for the treatment of CYSTINOSIS. 
it is a tetritol phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 4-phosphate(2-). 
it is tetraanion of icosanoyl-CoA arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It is a saturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-), a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA(4-) and a 3-substituted propionyl-CoA(4-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Depression, Major Depressive Disorder, and Treatment Resistant Major Depressive Disorder. 
it appears as white crystalline solid or a liquid (melting point 24Â°C). Density 2.14 g / cm3. Toxic and corrosive. May severely irritate skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides that is a carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-(cis-3,5-dimethylpiperazin-1-yl)benzoic acid with the amino substituent of 5-[2-(3,5-dimethoxyphenyl)ethyl]-1H-pyrazol-3-amine. It is an inhibitor of the fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR). It has a role as a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of pyrazoles, a N-arylpiperazine and a member of benzamides. 
it is a thiocarbamate and squalene epoxidase inhibitor with antifungal activity. it inhibits fungal squalene epoxidase, an enzyme that plays a key role in the synthesis of sterol which is essential for cell membrane integrity. By preventing ergosterol synthesis and causing accumulation of squalene, this agent increases cell membrane permeability, cell leakage and eventually cell lysis. 
it, also known as it or 5-methyl-2-carboxaldehyde-thiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiophenes. These are organic compounds containing a thiophene that is disubstituted at the C-2, and C5-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has a sweet, acetophenone, and almond taste. 
it is a naphthylmethanol that is methanol in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a (2-naphthyl) group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
Sordarin is an antifungal metabolite of Sordaria araneosa that inhibits protein synthesis. It has a tetracyclic diterpene glycoside structure. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It is a glycoside, a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a monosaccharide derivative. 
it is a folic acid derivative acted upon by it reductase to produce tetrahydrofolic acid. It interacts with bacteria during cell division and is targeted by various drugs to prevent nucleic acid synthesis. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 9H-beta-carbolin-2-ium substituted by a chloro group at position 6 and a methyl group at position 2. It is isolated from a fresh water cyanobacterium Nostoc 78-12A and acts as an inhibitor of butyrylcholinesterase. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an antimalarial. It is a member of beta-carbolines, an organochlorine compound, an organic cation and an alkaloid. 
2, 6-Diethylpyrazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 6-Diethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 6-diethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 6-diethylpyrazine can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 6-diethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil with a methyl group at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a ketone that is heptan-3-one substituted by a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl group at position 1 and a phenyl group at position 7. Isolated from in Alpinia oxyphylla, it exhibits antineoplastic and inhibitory activities against COX-1, COX-2 and NO synthase. It has a role as a metabolite, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a monomethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and a ketone. 
it is an ergot alkaloid that is ergoline which contains a double bond between positions 8 and 9, and which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 6 and 8. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
A key intermediate in carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a precursor of glycogen, can be metabolized into UDPgalactose and UDPglucuronic acid which can then be incorporated into polysaccharides as galactose and glucuronic acid. Also serves as a precursor of sucrose lipopolysaccharides, and glycosphingolipids. 
it, also known as DL-6-hydroxy stearate or 18:0(6-OH), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of iron(3+) sulfate. It has a role as a mordant, a catalyst and an astringent. It contains an iron(3+) sulfate. 
it is an N-acyl-L-tyrosine that is L-tyrosine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group has been replaced by a benzoyl group. It is a N-acyl-L-tyrosine and a member of benzamides. 
it is a ent-kaurane diterpenoid that is ent-kaurane-19-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 16 and 17 (the 16beta stereoisomer). It is isolated from Helianthus sp. and Annona squamosa and exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is an ent-kaurane diterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a diol, a tertiary alcohol, a primary alcohol and a bridged compound. 
it is an oxime O-ether that is the 2,4-dichlorobenzyl ether of the oxime obtained by formal condensation of hydroxylamine with the carbonyl group of acetopnenone in which the phenyl group is substituted by chlorines at positions 2 and 4, and in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by a 1H-imidazol-1-yl group. An antifungal agent, it is used (generally as the nitrate salt) in creams and powders for the topical treatment of fungal skin infections. It has a role as an antiinfective agent. It is a member of imidazoles, an oxime O-ether, a dichlorobenzene, an imidazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is a broad spectrum imidazole derivative with antifungal activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, it, like other azole antifungals, most likely inhibits the cytochrome P450-dependent demethylation of lanosterol. This prevents the synthesis of ergosterol which is a crucial component of fungal cell membrane. By disrupting fungal cell membrane synthesis and integrity, it alters fungal cell membrane permeability, promotes loss of essential intracellular components and eventually inhibits fungal cell growth. 
it appears as a white to light-colored crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
A lithium salt, classified as a mood-stabilizing agent. Lithium ion alters the metabolism of BIOGENIC MONOAMINES in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM, and affects multiple neurotransmission systems. 
An antibiotic produced by Streptomyces lincolnensis var. lincolnensis. It has been used in the treatment of staphylococcal, streptococcal, and Bacteroides fragilis infections. 
it is a carotenol that is beta,beta-carotene carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 3' (the 3R,3'S-diastereomer). It is rarely found in diet and is believed to be formed at the macula by metabolic transformations of ingested carotenoids. It has a role as an antioxidant, a marine metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Brain Diseases, Parkinson Disease, Movement Disorders, Antipsychotic Agents, and Parkinsonian Disorders, among others. it is an orally bioavailable antagonist of the adenosine A2A receptor (A2AR; ADORA2A), with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it selectively binds to and inhibits A2AR expressed on T-lymphocytes. This blocks tumor-released adenosine from interacting with A2AR and prevents the adenosine/A2AR-mediated inhibition of T-lymphocytes. This results in the proliferation and activation of T-lymphocytes, and stimulates a T-cell-mediated immune response against tumor cells. A2AR, a G protein-coupled receptor, is highly expressed on the cell surfaces of T-cells and, upon activation by adenosine, inhibits T-cell proliferation and activation. Adenosine is often overproduced by cancer cells and plays a key role in immunosuppression. 
it is an aminoalkylpyridine that is pyridine substituted by a ethanamino group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite and a histamine agonist. It is a primary amine and an aminoalkylpyridine. It derives from a pyridine. 
it is a member of the class of pterocarpans that is phaseollidin in which the prenyl group is replaced by a 3-hydroxy-3-methylbutyl group. It has a role as a phytoalexin. It derives from a phaseollidin. 
it is a prednisolone compound having an alpha-chloro substituent at the 7-position, an alpha-methyl substituent at the 16-position and O-propanoyl groups at the 17- and 21-positions. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a 20-oxo steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, a steroid ester, a propanoate ester, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a chlorinated steroid. It derives from a prednisolone. it is the dipropionate salt form of alclometasone, a synthetic corticosteroid with low to medium potency. it is a glucocorticoid receptor agonist that mimics the metabolic, anti-inflammatory, immunosuppressive, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictive effects of natural glucocorticoids. This drug interacts with specific intracellular receptors and binds to DNA to modify gene expression. This results in an induction of synthesis of certain proteins while inhibiting the synthesis of others. it is used for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. (NCI05) 
it is an indolecarboxylic acid that is indole-5-carboxylic acid bearing an additional 4-(4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridin-1-yl)butyl substituent at position 3. Selective, peripherally acting dopamine D2 receptor agonist. Modulates noradrenalin release and sympathetic activation. Displays antihypertensive properties in vivo. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a dopamine agonist and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is an indolecarboxylic acid, a tetrahydropyridine and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an amino acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-arginine with ammonia. It is an amino acid amide, a member of guanidines and a L-arginine derivative. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of acetophenones that is acetophenone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4 and a methyl group at position 2 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of acetophenones and a member of phenols. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is a 2-fluoro-[1,1'-biphenyl-4-yl] moiety linked to C-2 of propionic acid. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic, it is used as a pre-operative anti-miotic as well as orally for arthritis or dental pain. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a fluorobiphenyl and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. it is a derivative of propionic acid, and a phenylalkanoic acid derivative of non-steroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) with analgesic, antiinflammatory and antipyretic effects. it non-selectively binds to and inhibits cyclooxygenase (COX). This results in a reduction of arachidonic acid conversion into prostaglandins that are involved in the regulation of pain, inflammation and fever. This NSAID also inhibits carbonic anhydrase, thereby reducing the production of hydrogen and bicarbonate ions. Upon ocular administration, it may reduce bicarbonate ion concentrations leading to a decrease in the production of aqueous humor, thereby lowering intraocular pressure. 
it is a 2-monoglyceride where the acyl group is (9Z)-octadecenoyl. It is a monooleoylglycerol and a 2-acylglycerol 18:1. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a medical food consisting of plant derived flavonoids which have antiinflammatory activity and are used to treat chronic osteoarthritis. it has been linked to minor elevations in serum enzyme levels during therapy and to rare instances of clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining 2-(chloromethyl)pyridine with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It is a hydrochloride and a pyridinium salt. It contains a 2-(chloromethyl)pyridinium. 
Tetraethyl dithiopyrophosphate is an organic phosphate pesticide which acts as an inhibitor of cholinesterase, and as such it is highly toxic by all routes of exposure. It is a colorless to pale yellow mobile oil with an odor of garlic. It may be found as a liquid or as a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a dithiodiphosphoric acid. 
it is a nitrile oxide resulting from the oxidation of hydrogen cyanide. It is a hydracid, a nitrile oxide and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a fulminate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavan-4-ols. These are flavans that bear and hydroxyl group at position 4 (B ring), but not at the 3-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a proanthocyanidin obtained by the condensation of (-)-epicatechin units. It has a role as an antioxidant, an anti-HIV agent, a metabolite and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a hydroxyflavan and a proanthocyanidin. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin. 
it, also known as 2-methylsulphanylphenol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is an egg, garlic, and meaty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N(6)-acetyl-L-lysine is an N(6)-acyl-L-lysine where the N(6)-acyl group is specified as acetyl. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N(6)-acyl-L-lysine and an acetyl-L-lysine. It is a tautomer of a N(6)-acetyl-L-lysine zwitterion. 
Sulindac sulfone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indenes and isoindenes. Indenes and isoindenes are compounds containing an indene moiety(which consists of a cyclopentadiene fused to a benzene ring), or a isoindene moiety (which consists of a cyclopentadiene fused to cyclohexadiene ring). Sulindac sulfone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Sulindac sulfone has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, sulindac sulfone is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Toxic by skin absorption through open wounds, by ingestion, and by inhalation of hydrogen cyanide from decomposition. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. 
it is a catecholate siderophore produced exclusively by Vibrio cholerae. It contains three molecules of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoate linked either directly or through L-threonine residues to the polyamine norspermidine. It has a role as a siderophore. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles and a secondary carboxamide. 
it, also known as V-F dipeptide or val-phe, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from manganic acid. It is a manganese oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it. 
Dexrazoxane hydrochloride is a hydrochloride. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a cardiovascular drug, a chelator and an immunosuppressive agent. It contains a (+)-dexrazoxane. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is pentadecanoic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 14. It is a biomarker for rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as a biomarker and a mammalian metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a pentadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of hydroquinones that is 2-methylbenzene-1,4-diol substituted by a phytyl group at position 6. It is a member of hydroquinones and a dihydroxytoluene. 
it, also known as nortrachelogenin or arbo 6, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as it lignans. These are lignan compounds containing a 3, 4-dibenzyloxolan-2-one moiety it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (-)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (-)-it can be found in fruits and sesame. This makes (-)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a disaccharide phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a sucrose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a terpene ketone derived from ring cleavage of the apo carotenoid beta-ionone. It has a role as a fragrance. It derives from a beta-ionone. 
it is a pyrimidine 5'-deoxyribonucleoside that is 5-fluorouridine in which the hydroxy group at the 5' position is replaced by a hydrogen. It is an oral prodrug of the antineoplastic agent 5-fluorouracil. Designed to circumvent the rapid degradation of 5-fluorouracil by dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase in the gut wall, it is converted into 5-fluorouracil in the presence of pyrimidine nucleoside phosphorylase. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a prodrug. It is an organofluorine compound and a pyrimidine 5'-deoxyribonucleoside. it is a fluoropyrimidine derivative and oral prodrug of the antineoplastic agent 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) with antitumor activity. it, designed to circumvent the rapid degradation of 5-FU by dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase in the gut wall, is converted into 5-FU in the presence of pyrimidine nucleoside phosphorylase. 5-FU interferes with DNA synthesis and subsequent cell division by reducing normal thymidine production and interferes with RNA transcription by competing with uridine triphosphate for incorporation into the RNA strand. 
it is a sulfonamide, a member of pyrimidines and a primary alcohol. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an endothelin receptor antagonist. it is a sulfonamide-derived, competitive and specific endothelin receptor antagonist with a slightly higher affinity for the endothelin A receptor than endothelin B receptor. it blocks the action of endothelin 1, an extremely potent endogenous vasoconstrictor and bronchoconstrictor, by binding to endothelin A and endothelin B receptors in the endothelium and vascular smooth muscle. it decreases both pulmonary and systemic vascular resistance and is particularly used in the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. 
it is the D-enantiomer of 5-hydroxytryptophan. It is a 5-hydroxytryptophan, a D-tryptophan derivative and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is an enantiomer of a 5-hydroxy-L-tryptophan. 
it is a trisaccharide composed of alpha-D-galactopyranose, alpha-D-glucopyranose and beta-D-fructofuranose joined in sequence by 1->6 and 1<->2 glycosidic linkages, respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it family oligosaccharide and a trisaccharide. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4-dihydroxyphenylpyruvate. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid anion that is the conjugate base of L-arginine; obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is an argininate and a L-alpha-amino acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a L-arginine. It is an enantiomer of a D-argininate. 
it, aqueous solution, stabilized, with more than 60% it appears as a colorless liquid. Vapors may irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may violently rupture due to decomposition. Used to bleach textiles and wood pulp, in chemical manufacturing and food processing. it is an inorganic peroxide consisting of two hydroxy groups joined by a covalent oxygen-oxygen single bond. It has a role as an oxidising agent, a disinfectant, an explosive, an antimicrobial agent, a cofactor, a human xenobiotic metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, a GABA antagonist, a neurotoxin, a genotoxin, a biomarker, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a bleaching agent and an emetic. It is an inorganic peroxide and a member of reactive oxygen species. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenperoxide(1-). it is a peroxide and oxidizing agent with disinfectant, antiviral and anti-bacterial activities. Upon rinsing and gargling or topical application, it exerts its oxidizing activity and produces free radicals which leads to oxidative damage to proteins and membrane lipids. This may inactivate and destroy pathogens and may prevent spreading of infection. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Childhood Myelodysplastic Syndromes, Refractory Anemia With Excess Blasts, Recurrent Adult Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Relapsing Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia, and Adult Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia (M3), among others. it is a nonsedating benzodiazepine derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. Farnesyltransferase inhibitor it inhibits the enzyme farnesyltransferase and the post-translational farnesylation of number of proteins involved in signal transduction, which may result in the inhibition of Ras function and apoptosis in susceptible tumor cells. This agent may reverse the malignant phenotype of H-Ras-transformed cells and has been shown to be active against tumor cells with and without Ras mutations. 
4-(3-Hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol, also known as 4-coumaryl alcohol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamyl alcohols. These are aromatic alcohols containing a 3-phenylprop-2-en-1-ol moiety. 4-(3-Hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 4-(3-Hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 4-(3-hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol can be biosynthesized from cinnamyl alcohol. 4-(3-Hydroxyprop-1-en-1-yl)phenol can also be converted into 4-hydroxycinnamyl alcohol 4-beta-D-glucoside. 
A group of unsaturated fatty acids occurring mainly in fish oils, with three double bonds at particular positions in the hydrocarbon chain. 
it is an odorless off-white to yellow crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of flurazepam, a member of the benzodiazepines and a long-acting depressor of the central nervous system (CNS) with sedative and hypnotic effects. Flurazepam binds to a specific site on the benzodiazepine-gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A-chloride ionophore receptor complex located on the neuronal membrane. Binding causes an allosteric modification of the receptor thereby enhancing the affinity of GABA to the receptor leading to an increase in the frequency of chloride-channel opening events, which leads to an increase in chloride ion conductance, neuronal hyperpolarization, inhibition of the action potential, and a decrease in neuronal excitability. By modulating binding of the GABA inhibitory neurotransmitter to GABA-A receptors in the ascending reticular activating system, flurazepam blocks arousal of the cortical and limbic system, thereby exerting its sedative and hypnotic effect. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is 1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid substituted by an oxo group at position 4, a fluoro group at position 6, a cyclopropyl group at position 1 and a 4-ethylpiperazin-1-yl group at position 7. It is a veterinary antibacterial agent used for the treatment of pets. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and an antimicrobial agent. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone, an organofluorine compound, a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine and a member of cyclopropanes. 
it is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid consisting of cyclohexane carrying carboxymethyl and hydroxy substituents both at the 1-position. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone with hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7, methyl groups at positions 6 and 8 and a methoxy group at position 4'. It has a role as a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone, a monomethoxyflavanone and a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is a lipid A derivative used for the treatment of severe sepsis. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is 5,6,7,8-Tetrahydroquinoline in whith the hydrogens at position 6 are substituted by a 3-azabutyl group and a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group. (S configuration). It is found in the herb kanna (Sceletium tortuosum). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Kaempferol 3,7-di-O-beta-D-glucoside is a glycosyloxyflavone that is kaempferol having two beta-D-glucosyl residues attached at positions O-3 and O-7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a polyphenol and a kaempferol O-glucoside. 
it is the maleate salt of acepromazine, a phenothiazine derivative with depressant effect on the central nervous system. Acepromazine acts as a dopamine receptor antagonist in the CNS, thereby causing sedation, muscular relaxation and a reduction in spontaneous activity. Its fast-acting neuroleptic effect with low toxicity is of particular value in veterinary medicine. 
2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol, also known as 4-hydroxymethyl-2, 6-di-tert-butylphenol or 3, 5-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxy-benzyl alcohol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2, 6-Di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 6-di-tert-butyl-4-hydroxymethylphenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate that is the 6-oxo derivative of UMP. It derives from a uridine 5'-monophosphate and a barbituric acid. 
it is an ethanolamine sulfate salt. It derives from an albuterol. it is the sulfate salt of the short-acting sympathomimetic agent albuterol, a 1:1 racemic mixture of (R)-albuterol and (S)-albuterol with bronchodilator activity. Albuterol stimulates beta2-adrenergic receptors in the lungs, thereby activating the enzyme adenylate cyclase that catalyzes the conversion of ATP to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP concentrations relax bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, and reduce inflammatory cell mediator release, especially from mast cells. To a lesser extent albuterol stimulates beta1-adrenergic receptors, thereby increasing the force and rate of myocardial contraction. 
it is the mesylate salt form of fenoldopam, a benzazepine derivative with rapid-acting vasodilator activity. it is a racemic mixture of S- and R- isomers; the latter is responsible for the biological activity and has a significantly higher affinity for dopamine D1-like receptors (D1 and D5) as well as moderate affinity to alpha-2 adrenergic receptors. This agent selectively activates the dopamine D1-like receptor, thereby causing vasodilatation and increasing renal perfusion. 
it, also known as it or turmerone (-ar), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and turmeric. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 57Â°F. Boiling point 211.1Â°F (99.5Â°C). Vapor and liquid may cause burns. Denser than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a synthetic, pyrimidine C-5 nucleoside with antineoplastic activity. it, after conversion into it triphosphate, is incorporated into DNA and RNA eventually halting tumor cell proliferation. Compared to 5-azacytidine and cytarabine, this agent shows enhanced stability and resistance to enzymatic deamination. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining 4,4'-carbonimidoylbis(N,N-dimethylaniline) with one molar equivalent of hydrogen chloride. A fluorescent stain for demonstrating acid fast organisms in a method similar to the Ziehl Neelsen. It also can be used to make a fluorescent Schiff reagent. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains an it(1+). 
it is an N-glycosyl-1,3,5-triazine that is 4-amino-1,3,5-triazin-2(1H)-one substituted by a beta-D-ribofuranosyl residue via an N-glycosidic linkage. An antineoplastic agent, it is used in the treatment of myeloid leukaemia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-glycosyl-1,3,5-triazine and a nucleoside analogue. It derives from a beta-D-ribose. it is a pyrimidine nucleoside analogue of cytidine with antineoplastic activity. it is incorporated into DNA, where it reversibly inhibits DNA methyltransferase, thereby blocking DNA methylation. Hypomethylation of DNA by azacitidine may activate tumor suppressor genes silenced by hypermethylation, resulting in an antitumor effect. This agent is also incorporated into RNA, thereby disrupting normal RNA function and impairing tRNA cytosine-5-methyltransferase activity. (NCI04) 
it, n.o.s. appears as crystalline or powdered solids. May explode under exposure to heat or fire. If available, obtain the technical name from the shipping papers and contact CHEMTREC, 800-424-9300 for specific response information. it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of perchloric acid. It is a monovalent inorganic anion and a chlorine oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a perchloric acid. 
Methotrexate disodium is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of methotrexate. It has a role as an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor. It contains a methotrexate(2-). it is the sodium salt of methotrexate, an antimetabolite with antineoplastic and immunomodulating properties. Methotrexate binds to and inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in inhibition of purine nucleotide and thymidylate synthesis and, subsequently, inhibition of DNA and RNA syntheses. Methotrexate also exhibits potent immunosuppressant properties. (NCI04) 
it is a small molecule inhibitor of the Wnt/beta-catenin pathway with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon intravenous administration, tegavivint binds to transducin beta-like protein 1 (TBL1) and disrupts the binding of beta-catenin to TBL1. This promotes beta-catenin degradation, attenuates nuclear and cytoplasmic levels of beta-catenin, and reduces transcriptional activity of transcription factor 4 (TCF4) and expression of its target genes, cyclin D1, c-Myc and survivin. The Wnt/beta-catenin signaling pathway regulates cell morphology, motility, and proliferation; aberrant regulation of this pathway leads to neoplastic proliferation. Beta-catenin is frequently mutated in various tumors. 
Hexagonal leaflets (from alcohols) or prisms (from acetic acid) or white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid with a alpha-hydroxy substituent at position 3. It is a bile acid obtained from chenodeoxycholic acid by bacterial action. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid, a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a C24-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a lithocholate. 
it is a carboxylic ester that is 2,3-dihydroxypropyl anthranilate in which the amino group is substituted by a 7-chloroquinolin-4-yl group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it and its hydrochloride salt were used for the relief of all types of pain, but high incidence of anaphylactic reactions resulted in their withdrawal from the market. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an inhibitor. It is an organochlorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a glycol, a carboxylic ester and an aminoquinoline. It derives from a glycerol and an anthranilic acid. 
it has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Retinopathy, Rett Syndrome, Genetic Disease, Noise-induced Hearing Loss, and Methylmalonic Aciduria and Homocystinuria,Cblc Type. 
it is a member of the class of cobalamins that is vitamin B12 in which the cyano group is replaced by a 5'-deoxyadenos-5'-yl moiety. It is one of the two metabolically active form of vitamin B12. It has a role as a coenzyme, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a cofactor and a prosthetic group. It is a member of cobalamins and a corrinoid. 
it is a third-generation, aminohexane bisphosphonate with anti-resorptive and anti-hypercalcemic activities. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, it binds to and adsorbs onto hydroxyapatite crystals in bone matrix, thereby preventing osteoclast resorption. This agent also binds to and inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, an enzyme that plays an important role in the mevalonate pathway. This inhibits the formation of isoprenoids that are substrates for protein prenylation. This prevents farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of proteins essential for osteoclast function, thereby leading to the induction of apoptosis of osteoclasts. By preventing osteoclast-mediated bone resorption, it decreases bone turnover rate, stabilizes the bone matrix and reduces hypercalcemia. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid obtained by catabolism of gibberellin A51. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid, an enone and a tetracyclic diterpenoid. It derives from a gibberellin A51. It derives from a hydride of an ent-gibberellane. 
it is the inorganic chloride salt of caesium; each caesium ion is coordinated by eight chlorine ions. It has a role as a phase-transfer catalyst and a vasoconstrictor agent. It is an inorganic chloride and a caesium molecular entity. 
Pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine, also known as pyrrolidino[1, 2-e]-4h-1, 3, 5-dithiazine, 2, 4-dimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3, 5-dithiazinanes. These are cyclic compounds that contain a dithiazinane ring, which is a saturated heterocycle that consisting of one nitrogen atom, two sulfur atoms at the 1-, 3-, and 5- position, respectively. Pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Pyrrolidino-[1, 2E]-4H-2, 4-dimethyl-1, 3, 5-dithiazine has a cooked, meaty, and roasted taste. 
it is a 1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine with a carboxy group at the 3-position, an oxo sustituent at the 4-position, a fluoro substituent at the 5-position and a substituted pyrrolin-1-yl group at the 7-position. It has a role as a topoisomerase IV inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a 1,8-naphthyridine derivative, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it Mesylate is the mesylate salt form of it, a synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone with antibacterial activity. it mesylate inhibits activities of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and eventually bacterial growth. This fluoroquinolone exerts an enhanced spectrum of activity against gram-positive bacteria such as Streptococcus pneumoniae and Staphylococcus aureus, in addition to its activity against gram-negative bacteria. it is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic with antimicrobial property. it enters bacterial cells by diffusion through integral membrane porin pathway before targeting both DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, two enzymes critical for DNA replication and repair. This agent binds to the DNA/DNA-gyrase complex and inhibits the A subunits of the enzyme thereby preventing the bacterial chromosome from rejoining. This interferes with DNA replication and repair processes as well as transcription, and ultimately leads to bacterial cell death. it targets at both Gram-positive, -negative and atypical human pathogens. 
Crystal form that turns red on exposure to heat or light. (EPA, 1998) it is an azaheterocycle salicylate salt and a member of salicylates. It contains a physostigmine. 
it is a member of the class of phenols carrying an ethyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Medicagenic acid, also known as medicagenate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Medicagenic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, medicagenic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, medicagenic acid can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes medicagenic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
This amino acid is formed during the urea cycle from citrulline, aspartate and ATP. This reaction is catalyzed by argininosuccinic acid synthetase. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion arising from deprotonation of both carboxylic acid groups of (6S)-5-formyltetrahydrofolic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (6S)-5-formyltetrahydrofolic acid. 
N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester hydrochloride is a hydrochloride obtained by combining N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It contains a N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester(1+). 
it is a diterpenoid that is 20-ethyl-3alpha,13,15alpha-trihydroxy-1alpha,6alpha,16beta-trimethoxy-4-(methoxymethyl)aconitane-8,14alpha-diol having acetate and benzoate groups at the 8- and 14-positions respectively. It derives from an aconitane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a caramel, fruity, and green taste. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-aspartic acid, L-leucine, L-aspartic acid, and L-glutamine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid, a L-leucine and a L-glutamine. 
2-Hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 2-Hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethyl-2-cyclopenten-1-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
An androstene derivative that inhibits STEROID 17-ALPHA-HYDROXYLASE and is used as an ANTINEOPLASTIC AGENT in the treatment of metastatic castration-resistant PROSTATE CANCER. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-oxohexanoic acid. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and an oxo fatty acid anion. It derives from a hexanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxohexanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of hexahydronaphthalenes that is 1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydronaphthalene which is substituted by a (3R,5R)-6-carboxy-3,5-dihydroxyhexyl group at position 1, a methyl group at position 2, and a (2S)-2-methylbutanoyloxy group at position 8 (the 1S,2S,8S,8aR isomer). Lactonisation of the hydroxy-carboxylic acid chain at position 1 affords mevastatin. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor. It is a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid, a member of hexahydronaphthalenes, a polyketide and a carboxylic ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
XMC is a carbamate ester. It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 3,5-xylenol. 
it is a norreticuline. It has a role as an EC 2.1.1.116 [3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase] inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-norreticuline. 
4-(3, 7-Dimethylocta-2, 6-dien-1-yl)-5-(6-hydroxy-1-benzofuran-2-yl)benzene-1, 3-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. 4-(3, 7-Dimethylocta-2, 6-dien-1-yl)-5-(6-hydroxy-1-benzofuran-2-yl)benzene-1, 3-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a nitrotoluene that is toluene in which the hydrogens ortho- to the methyl group have been replaced by a chlorine and a nitro group. A low-melting (37 â„ƒ) solid. It is a nitrotoluene, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a volatile organic compound. 
it is the parent compound of the class of its, that is pyrazine bearing a single carboxy substituent. The active metabolite of the antitubercular drug pyrazinamide. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is a conjugate acid of a pyrazine-2-carboxylate. 
A nucleoside diphosphate sugar which can be epimerized into UDPglucose for entry into the mainstream of carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a source of galactose in the synthesis of lipopolysaccharides, cerebrosides, and lactose. 
A pyrazole and piperidine derivative that acts as a selective cannabinoid type-1 receptor (CB1 RECEPTOR) antagonist. It inhibits the proliferation and maturation of ADIPOCYTES, improves lipid and glucose metabolism, and regulates food intake and energy balance. It is used in the management of OBESITY. 
it is a syrbactin that has a (3E,9E)-2,7-dioxo-1,6-diazacyclododeca-3,9-diene skeleton that is substituted by an isopropyl group at position 5 and by a [(2S)-2-({[(1S)-1-carboxy-2-methylpropyl]carbamoyl}amino)-3-methylbutanoyl]nitrilo group at the 8-pro-S position. It is produced by the pathogenic bacterium Pseudomonas syringae pv. syringae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of ureas, a monocarboxylic acid, a syrbactin and a homodetic cyclic peptide. 
it appears as white orthorhombic sphenoidal crystals from water. pH of 0.05 molar solution: 5.85. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrate that is the trihydrate form of scopolamine hydrobromide. It has a role as a mydriatic agent, a muscarinic antagonist, an anaesthesia adjuvant, an antispasmodic drug and an antiemetic. It contains a scopolamine hydrobromide (anhydrous). Scopolamine Hydrobromide is the hydrobromide salt form of scopolamine, a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt obtained by formal methylation of the tertiary amino function of 4-diphenylacetoxy-N-methylpiperidine. It has a role as a cholinergic antagonist and a muscarinic antagonist. 
it is a member of the class of benzofurans that is dibenzo[b,d]furan-3,7-dione bearing two methyl substituents at positions 1 and 9 as well as two 2,4-dihydroxy-6-methylanilino substituents at positions 2 and 8. It is a member of dibenzofurans, a polyphenol, a member of resorcinols, a secondary amino compound and a member of quinomethanes. 
it is a member of the class of ethylenediamine derivatives that is ethylenediamine in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by two methyl groups, and the other nitrogen is substituted by a 2-pyridyl group and a (2-thienyl)methyl group. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent, a sedative and a carcinogenic agent. 
it is an androgenic anabolic steroid having potent anti-estrogenic effect, which inhibits the progression of estrogen-stimulated cancers such as breast cancer. (NCI) 
it is a gluconate that is the conjugate base of lactobionic acid arising from the deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a lactobionic acid. 
it is an antiretroviral drug produced by Merck & Co., used to treat HIV infection. It received approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 12 October 2007, the first of a new class of HIV drugs, the integrase inhibitors, to receive such approval. it is a small molecule with activity against human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). it is an integrase inhibitor that blocks the integration of the viral genome into the host DNA, a critical step in the pathogenesis of HIV. 
it is the (1S,2R)-(+)-diastereoisomer of it. It has a role as an opioid analgesic and a mu-opioid receptor agonist. It is an enantiomer of a levoit. it is the d-isomer of synthetic diphenyl propionate derivative it, with narcotic analgesic effect. This agent mimics the effects of the endogenous opiate it, by binding to mu receptors located throughout the central nervous system. The binding results in GTP to GDP exchanges on the mu-G-protein complex, by which effector adenylate cyclase is inactivated thereby decreasing intracellular cAMP. This, in turn, inhibits the release of various nociceptive neurotransmitters, such as substance P, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), dopamine, acetylcholine, noradrenaline, vasopressin, and somatostatin. In addition, it closes N-type voltage-gated calcium channels and opens calcium-dependent inwardly rectifying potassium channels. This results in hyperpolarization, thereby reducing neuronal excitability, which further decreases the perception of pain. 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol in which the 7alpha hydrogen has been replaced by a nonyl group in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl has been replaced by a (4,4,5,5,5-pentafluoropentyl)sulfinyl group. An estrogen receptor antagonist, it is used in the treatment of breast cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an estrogen receptor antagonist and an estrogen antagonist. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an organofluorine compound and a sulfoxide. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. it is a synthetic estrogen receptor antagonist. Unlike tamoxifen (which has partial agonist effects) and the aromatase inhibitors (which reduce the estrogen available to tumor cells), it binds competitively to estrogen receptors in breast cancer cells, resulting in estrogen receptor deformation and decreased estrogen binding. In vitro studies indicate that it reversibly inhibits the growth of tamoxifen-resistant, estrogen-sensitive, human breast cancer cell lines. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is 1,4-benzoquinone in which all four hydrogens are substituted by methyl groups. 
it is a beta-D-galactopyranoside having a methyl substituent at the anomeric position. It is a beta-D-galactoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a methyl D-galactoside. 
it is an aldonolactone obtained by formal oxidation of the anomeric position of any aldopyranose. It is an aldonolactone and a delta-lactone. 
it is a heptenone that is hept-5-en-2-one substituted by a methyl group at position 6. It is a volatile oil component of citronella oil, lemon-grass oil and palmarosa oil. It has a role as an alarm pheromone, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and a heptenone. 
it is a benzoic acid carrying a 4-trifluoromethyl substituent. It is a member of benzoic acids and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it, also known as 2-(mercaptomethyl)heptane or 2-ethylhexylmercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
3, 7-Dimethyloctanal, also known as 6, 7-dihydrocitronellal or tetrahydrocitral, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. 3, 7-Dimethyloctanal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 7-dimethyloctanal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 3, 7-Dimethyloctanal has an aldehydic, citrus, and green taste. 
it is a new and relatively unique antibiotic used for treatment of community acquired pneumonia. it has not been linked to an increased rate of transient serum liver test abnormalities during treatment or to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is a tripeptide composed of two L-alanine units and a glycine joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine and a glycine. 
, also known as navan or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a slightly rose, sweet, and fruity taste. 
Etoposide and it are semisynthetic analogues of podophyllotoxin that are used as antineoplastic agents in the therapy of several forms of solid tumors, leukemia and lymphoma, usually in combination with other agents. Both etoposide and it are associated with an appreciable rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and high doses have been implicated in causing clinically apparent acute liver injury including sinusoidal obstruction syndrome. Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. Teniposide forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is a triacyl-sn-glycerol in which the which the acyl groups at position 1 is specified as hexadecanoyl, while those at positions 2 and 3 are specified as octadecanoyl It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. 
Cefprozil, also known as cefzil or arzimol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cephalosporins. Cephalosporins are compounds containing a 1, 2-thiazine fused to a 2-azetidinone to for a oxo-5-thia-1-azabicyclo[4. 2. 0]oct-2-ene-2-carboxylic acid moiety or a derivative thereof. Cefprozil is a drug which is used for the treatment of the following infections (respiratory, skin, soft tissue, uti, ent) caused by; s. pneumoniae, h. influenzae, staphylococci, s. pyogenes (group a beta-hemolytic streptococci), e. coli, p. mirabilis, klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staph. Cefprozil exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Cefprozil has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, cefprozil is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a hydrochloride salt prepared from anileridine and two molar equivalents of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor. It contains a 1-(5-isoquinolinesulfonyl)-2-methylpiperazine(2+). 
Trans-cis-nepetalactone is a cyclopentapyran that is (4aS,7aS)-1,4a,5,6,7,7a-hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyran substituted at position 1 by an oxo group and at positions 4 and 7 by methyl groups, respectively (the 4aS,7S,7aS-diastereomer). An iridoid monoterpenoid isolated from several Nepeta plant species. It exhibits potent repellant activity against house dust mites and mosquitoes. It has a role as an insect repellent, a plant metabolite, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agent. It is an iridoid monoterpenoid and a cyclopentapyran. 
it is a prostaglandin D2 receptor (DP1) antagonist with niacin-induced vasodilation inhibiting activity. it binds to and inhibits the activity of DP1, a G-protein coupled receptor. Via competing with prostaglandin D2 (PG D2) for binding to DP1, this agent prevents PG D2-induced vasodilation and increased blood flow. As niacin induces the synthesis of PG D2, predominantly in the skin, administration of it may prevent niacin-induced vasodilation in the skin and facial flushing. 
1-(5-hydroxyhexyl)-3,7-dimethyl-3,7-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6-dione is a dimethylxanthine that is 3,7-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6-dione which is substituted at positions 1,3 and 7 by a 5-hydroxyhexyl group, methyl group and methyl group, respectively. It is a secondary alcohol and a dimethylxanthine. 
it(1-) is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of D-glutamic acid, having anionic carboxy groups and a cationic amino group It is a conjugate base of a D-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a L-glutamate(1-). 
it is the bis(carbamate ester) of 2-phenylpropane-1,3-diol. An anticonvulsant, it is used in the treatment of epilepsy. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a neuroprotective agent. it is a propanediol compound with anticonvulsant and antiepileptic properties. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, it may be an antagonist at the strychnine-insensitive glycine-recognition site of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor-ionophore complex, thereby blocking the effects of the excitatory amino acids, suppressing neuronal firing, and preventing seizure activity. it also has weak inhibitory effects on gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor binding sites which may contribute to its inhibitory effect on neuronal excitatory. 
Arginyl-leucine, also known as it or arg-leu, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Arginyl-leucine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Arginyl-leucine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is one of the major components of the gentamicin complex. it has a methyl group at the 6' position of the 2-amino-hexose ring, along with a free amine. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid consisting of 5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthalen-1-ol having two methyl substituents at the 3- and 8-positions, an isopropyl substituent at the 5-position and (+)-(5R,8S)-configuration. It is a sesquiterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of a cadinane. 
it is a carboxyalkanesulfonic acid that is the C-sulfo derivative of propanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. 
it appears as a white to greenish colored crystalline solid. Toxic by ingestion and a skin and eye irritant. May emit toxic aniline and chloride fumes under exposure to high temperatures or flame. Used to make dyes and printing ink. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is shikimic acid in which the allylic hydroxy group has been oxidised to the corresponding keto group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 4-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a 5-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a shikimic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a quinolone, a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a N-arylpiperazine, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic that inhibits bacterial DNA gyrase, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and transcription. it was withdrawn from the U.S. market due to a high incidence of phototoxicity. 
it is a 1,2-benzoxazole compound having a sulfamoylmethyl substituent at the 3-position. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an antioxidant, a central nervous system drug and a protective agent. It is a member of 1,2-benzoxazoles and a sulfonamide. it is a sulfonamide derivative with an anticonvulsant property. The exact mechanism of action remains to be elucidated. it appears to block sodium and calcium channels, thereby stabilizing neuronal membranes and suppressing neuronal hyper-synchronization. Although it shows affinity for the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)/benzodiazepine receptor ionophore complex, it does not potentiate the synaptic activity of GABA. In addition, this agent also facilitates both dopaminergic and serotonergic neurotransmission. 
it is a water-soluble, synthetic small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits aurora kinases (AKs), a family of serine-threonine kinases which are important regulators of cell division and proliferation, and which are overexpressed in certain types of cancer. Inhibition of aurora kinases inhibits cell division and proliferation and induces apoptosis in tumor cells overexpressing AKs. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an acetate salt obtained by combining the nonapeptide leuprolide with acetic acid. A long lasting GnRH analog, LH-Rh agonist. It is a synthetic nonapeptide analogue of gonadotropin-releasing hormone, and is used as a subcutaneous hydrogel implant for the treatment of prostate cancer and for the suppression of gonadal sex hormone production in children with central precocious puberty. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist. It contains a leuprolide. it is the acetate salt of a synthetic nonapeptide analogue of gonadotropin-releasing hormone. Leuprolide binds to and activates gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors. Continuous, prolonged administration of leuprolide in males results in pituitary GnRH receptor desensitization and inhibition of pituitary secretion of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), leading to a significant decline in testosterone production; in females, prolonged administration results in a decrease in estradiol production. This agent reduces testosterone production to castration levels and may inhibit androgen receptor-positive tumor progression. 
An opioid analgesic structurally related to METHADONE and used in the treatment of severe pain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1070) 
it, also known as 2-isopropyl-5-methyl-pyrazine or fema 3554, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a coffee, earthy, and green tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as potato, coffee and coffee products, root vegetables, and cocoa and cocoa products. This makes 2-methyl-5-isopropylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the mesylate salt form of dezaguanine, a purine nucleoside analogue with antineoplastic and antiviral activities. By competing with guanine, dezaguanine gets incorporated into DNA and inhibits DNA synthesis, thereby inducing cell death. 
it is a synthetic hydrogenated derivative of diethylstilbestrol (DES). it exhibits strong affinity for estrogen receptors that are overexpressed in some types of cancers. When conjugated with a neoplastic drug, it may selectively concentrate the cytotoxic agent in estrogen receptor-rich tumors. This agent may also be mutagenic. (NCI04) 
it is the fatty acid methyl ester of isobutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isobutyric acid. 
it is a white to yellow crystalline solid. Density 2.651 g / cm3. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. 
it is a cholinergic analogue with glandular secretion stimulatory activity. Cevimeline binds to and activates muscarinic receptors, thereby increasing the secretions in exocrine salivary and sweat glands. This cholinergic agonist also increases the tone of smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts. Cevimeline is being studied as a treatment for dry mouth caused by radiation therapy to the head and neck. 
it is a synthetic diphenyl propionate derivative structurally related to methadone, it acts as a central narcotic and analgesic agent by interaction with mu opioid receptors, but with less selectivity then morphine. The dextro-isomer has analgesic effect, while the levo-isomer exerts an antitussive effect. The napsylate salt allows better dosage formulation than the hydrochloride salt. (NCI04) 
it is the acetate salt of a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. Lanreotide binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, lanreotide has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or Autogel formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. 
it is an alkaloid isolated from the marine dinoflagellates and cyanobacteria that causes paralytic shellfish poisoning. It has a role as a neurotoxin, a toxin, a sodium channel blocker and a marine metabolite. It is a carbamate ester, a member of guanidines, an alkaloid, a pyrrolopurine and a ketone hydrate. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane which is substituted at the 1-pro-S, 3-pro-S, and 4-pro-R positions by thymin-1-yl, hydroxy, and hydroxymethyl groups, respectively. It is a pyrimidone, a carbobicyclic compound, a C-glycosyl pyrimidine, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a thymine. 
it appears as white crystals or crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyrimidinemonocarboxylic acid that is uracil bearing a carboxy substituent at position C-6. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a uracil. It is a conjugate acid of an orotate. 
A quaternary skeletal muscle relaxant usually used in the form of its bromide, chloride, or iodide. It is a depolarizing relaxant, acting in about 30 seconds and with a duration of effect averaging three to five minutes. Succinylcholine is used in surgical, anesthetic, and other procedures in which a brief period of muscle relaxation is called for. 
it is an N-acyl-L-arginine resulting from the formal condensation of the alpha-amino group of L-arginine with one of the carboxy groups of succinic acid It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N(2)-(3-carboxylatopropionyl)-L-arginine(1-). 
it appears as colorless crystals or white powder or solid. Has no odor. pH (of 5% solution): 4-5.5. Slightly efflorescent in dry air. Bitter, acrid taste. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrobromide salt form of scopolamine, a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it is a maleate ester resulting from the formal condensation of both carboxy groups of maleic acid with methanol. It is commonly used as a dienophile for Diels-Alder-type cycloaddition reactions in organic synthesis. It is a maleate ester, a diester and a methyl ester. It derives from a methanol. 
1-Deoxynojirimycin, also known as it or moranoline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidines. Piperidines are compounds containing a piperidine ring, which is a saturated aliphatic six-member ring with one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. 1-Deoxynojirimycin exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-deoxynojirimycin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-deoxynojirimycin can be found in fruits. This makes 1-deoxynojirimycin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a cinnamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of trans-ferulic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of L-tartaric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a ferulic acid and a L-tartaric acid. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,3S)-it. 
it is a bifunctional hexitol derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and cross-links DNA via an epoxide group during all phases of the cell cycle, resulting in disruption of DNA function and cell cycle arrest. (NCI04) 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome. Studies showed that it treatment resulted in significant positive changes on lipoproteins and inflammation. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pterocarpans. These are benzo-pyrano-furano-benzene compounds, containing the 6H-[1]benzofuro[3, 2-c]chromene skeleton. They are derivatives of isoflavonoids. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in green vegetables. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion obtained from the transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group of L-dopa. Major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is an enantiomer of a D-dopa zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a L-dopa. 
it is a radioconjugate consisting of the tyrosine-containing somatostatin analog Tyr3-octreotate (TATE) conjugated with the bifunctional, macrocyclic chelating agent tetra-azacyclododecanetetra-acetic acid (DOTA) and radiolabeled with the beta-emitting radioisotope lutetium Lu 177, with potential imaging and antineoplastic activities. Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTRs), with high affinity to type 2 SSTR, present on the cell membranes of many types of neuroendocrine tumor (NET) cells. Upon binding and internalization, this radioconjugate specifically delivers a cytotoxic dose of beta radiation to SSTR-positive cells. Tyr3-octreotate (TATE) is an octreotide derivative in which phenylalanine at position 3 is substituted by tyrosine and position 8 threoninol is replaced with threonine. SSTRs have been shown to be present in large numbers on NET and their metastases, while most other normal tissues express low levels of SSTRs. 
S-Formylglutathionate(1-) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. S-Formylglutathionate(1-) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as difurocoumarolactones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a delta-valerolactone ring fused to the coumarin moiety of the difurocoumarin skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it g is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is formally rated as a carcinogen (by IARC 1) and is also a potentially toxic compound. 
(6S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolate(2-) is dianion of (6S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolic acid arising from deprotonation of both carboxylic acid functions. It has a role as a human metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a (6S)-5,6,7,8-tetrahydrofolic acid. 
Piperacillin is a broad-spectrum semisynthetic, ampicillin-derived ureidopenicillin antibiotic. Piperacillin binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBP), the enzymes that catalyze the synthesis of peptidoglycan, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. This blockade leads to the interruption of cell wall synthesis, consequently, leading to bacterial cell growth inhibition and cell lysis. 
it is a 20-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 26-hydroxy steroid, a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid and a phytoecdysteroid. 
it is a pyridazinone that is pyridazin-3(2H)-one substituted by an amino group at position 5, a chloro group at position 4 and a methyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the herbicide chloridazone.jfuyklriltoil It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a pyridazinone, a primary arylamine and an organochlorine compound. 
C.i. it is a dark green powder. A dye derived from triphenylmethane. Rosanilin is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride of 4-[(4-aminophenyl)(4-iminocyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene)methyl]-2-methylaniline. One of the major constituents of Basic it, together with pararosanilin, magenta II and new it. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a histological dye and a carcinogenic agent. It contains a rosanilin(1+). 
it is an odorless colorless to white waxy solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the sodium salt of docusate, a dioctyl salt and an emollient laxative with stool-softening activity. Docusate decreases surface tension and emulsification of fecal matter and allows water to penetrate and mix with stool. As a result, it softens the stool. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Cefixime is a broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived semisynthetically from the marine fungus Cephalosporium acremonium with antibacterial activity. As does penicillin, the beta-lactam antibiotic cefixime inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by disrupting peptidoglycan synthesis, resulting in a reduction in bacterial cell wall stability and bacterial cell lysis. Stable in the presence of a variety of beta-lactamases, this agent is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria compared to second-generation cephalosporins. 
3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione, also known as fema 3269 or caramel, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 5-dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is a sweet, caramel, and maple tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 3, 5-dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Used to make nylon, as a solvent, paint remover, and to make other chemicals. Flash point -4Â°F. Density 6.5 lb / gal (less than water) and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is an alicyclic hydrocarbon comprising a ring of six carbon atoms; the cyclic form of hexane, used as a raw material in the manufacture of nylon. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. It is a cycloalkane and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a DEA Schedule V controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule V have a low potential for abuse relative to substances listed in Schedule IV and consist primarily of preparations containing limited quantities of certain narcotics. 
it is a C14, long-chain fatty acid carrying an oxo- group at position 3. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a 3-oxo fatty acid. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 
Norcisapride belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminobenzamides. These are organic compounds containing a benzamide moiety with an amine group attached to the benzene ring. Norcisapride is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Norcisapride has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, norcisapride is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a UDP-N-acetyl-D-mannosaminouronate in which the anomeric centre of the pyranose fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-mannosaminouronate(3-). 
it is a tertiary amino compound that is N,N-dimethylethanamine substituted at position 1 by a 1-hydroxycyclohexyl and 4-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a metabolite of the drug venlafaxine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite, a drug metabolite and an antidepressant. It is a member of cyclohexanols, a member of phenols and a tertiary amino compound. it is a synthetic phenethylamine bicyclic derivative with antidepressant activity. it is a selective reuptake inhibitor of serotonin and norepinephrine due to its high binding affinities to the pre-synaptic serotonin and norepinephrine transporters. By blocking both transporters, this agent prolongs neurotransmitter activities of both serotonin and norepinephrine, thereby alleviating depressive state. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one of the nitrogens has been replaced by an (o-carboxybenzyl)sulfonyl group, while a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen has been replaced by a 4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl group. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used (particularly as its methyl ester, it-methyl) as a herbicide for the control of a variety of both annual and perennial weeds in crops, particularly wheat and rice. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is a N-sulfonylurea, an aromatic ether, a member of pyrimidines and a member of benzoic acids. 
Selenomethionine se-oxide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). Selenomethionine se-oxide is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Triethylene glycol methyl ether is a colorless odorless liquid. (USCG, 1999) it is a hydroxypolyether that is the monomethyl ether derivative of triethylene glycol. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a triethylene glycol. 
Aloinoside b belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthracenes. These are organic compounds containing a system of three linearly fused benzene rings. Aloinoside b exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, aloinoside b is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a pyranone that is 2H-pyran-2-one in which the hydrogens at positions 4 and 6 are substituted by hydroxy and 2-oxoheptyl groups respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a polyketide and a member of 2-pyranones. 
it appears as odorless pale yellow needles or yellow powder. pH (saturated aqueous solution) 6.0 - 6.5. Alkaline solutions are dark orange. (NTP, 1992) it is a semicarbazone resulting from the formal condensation of semicarbazide with 5-itdehyde. A broad spectrum antibacterial drug, although with little activity against Pseudomonas species, it is used as a local application for burns, ulcers, wounds and skin infections. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a semicarbazone and a nitrofuran antibiotic. 
Trimethylcolchicinic Acid is a colchicine analog with potential antineoplastic activity. Trimethylcolchicinic acid binds to tubulin, inhibiting its polymerization into microtubules and preventing cell division. (NCI04) 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2S)-3-hydroxy-2-phenylpropanoic acid with the hydroxy group of (3-endo)-8-(4-butoxybenzyl)-3-hydroxy-8-methyl-8-azoniabicyclo[3.2.1]octane. Its bromide salt is used as an antispasmodic drug. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is an aromatic ether, a carboxylic ester, a quaternary ammonium ion and a bridged compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a myo-inositol bisphosphate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 1D-myo-inositol 3,4-biphosphate(4-). 
it is a glycol that is docosane bearing two hydroxy substituents located at positions 1 and 2. It derives from a hydride of a docosane. 
it is a tetrahydropyridine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydropyridine having a carboxy group at the 2-position. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a tetrahydropyridine. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-piperideine-6-carboxylate. It derives from a hydride of a 1-piperideine. 
it is the acid chloride of pentafluorobenzoic acid. It is a sensitive derivatising reagent for the analysis of amines, amides and phenols by electron capture gas chromatography. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It is an acyl chloride and a perfluorinated compound. It derives from a pentafluorobenzoic acid. 
it is an imidazobenzodiazepine that is midazolam in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is the major metabolite of the anesthetic, midazolam. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is an imidazobenzodiazepine, an organochlorine compound, a member of monofluorobenzenes and an aromatic primary alcohol. It derives from a midazolam. 
it is an organic polycyclic compound that is a cytotoxic fungal pigment isolated from the fruiting bodies of the ascomycete Shiraia bambusicola. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic polycyclic compound, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a methyl ketone, a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone and a tertiary alcohol. 
2, 2, 8-Trimethyldecane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 2, 8-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 2, 8-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 2, 8-trimethyldecane can be found in fruits. This makes 2, 2, 8-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N-acetylphenylalanine is the N-acetyl derivative of phenylalanine. It has a role as an antidepressant and a metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-amino acid and a phenylalanine derivative. 
trans-3-Coumarate, also known as 3-hydroxycinnamate or m-coumarate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. trans-3-Coumarate is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Ibogaine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an organic cation that is phenothiazin-5-ium substituted by dimethylamino groups at positions 3 and 7 as well as a nitro group at position 4. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'methylene green'. 
it is a diterpenoid obtained by hydroxylation of one of the terminal methyl groups of geranylgeraniol. It is a diterpenoid, a glycol and a polyprenol. It derives from an (E,E,E)-geranylgeraniol. 
it is a secondary amino compound formally derived from ammonia by replacing two of the hydrogens by 2-(3-carbamoyl-4-hydroxyphenyl)-2-hydroxyethyl and 4-phenylbutan-2-yl groups. It is an adrenergic antagonist used to treat high blood pressure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a sympatholytic agent, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist and a beta-adrenergic antagonist. It is a member of benzamides and a secondary amino compound. it is a third generation selective alpha-1-adrenergic antagonist and non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with vasodilatory and antihypertensive properties. it competitively binds to alpha-1-adrenergic receptors in vascular smooth muscle, thereby inhibiting the adrenergic stimulation of endothelial cell function and vasoconstriction in peripheral blood vessels. This agent also binds to beta-receptors in the bronchial and vascular smooth muscle, resulting in a decrease in adrenergic stimulation. The result is a decrease in resting and exercise heart rates, cardiac output, and in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, thereby resulting in vasodilation, and negative chronotropic and inotropic cardiac effects. 
it is the phosphate ester of propanoic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a hopanoid that is hopan-3-one substituted by an epoxy group across positions 17 and 21. It has been isolated from the bark of Cupania cinerea. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hopanoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an epoxide. 
it is a synthetic progestin commonly used alone or in combination with an estrogen for contraception. it suppresses the secretion of luteinizing and follicle-stimulating hormones (LH and FSH), thickens cervical mucus, and slows the transit of ova through the fallopian tubes. This agent also exhibits antiproliferative activity in endometrial tissue and may exhibit chemopreventive and antineoplastic activities in endometrial carcinoma. (NCI04) 
it appears as white to off-white powder or crystals. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyrazolone that is 2,4-dihydro-3H-pyrazol-3-one which is substituted at positions 2 and 5 by phenyl and methyl groups, respectively. It has a role as a radical scavenger and an antioxidant. 
it is a linear mannopentaose consisting of five D-mannose residues joined sequentially via two beta(1->2) and two alpha(1->2) linkages with alpha anomeric configuration at the reducing end. 
it is a monounsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of (2E)-hexenoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (2E)-hexenoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of acridines that is 9,10-dihydroacridine substituted by an oxo group at position 9. It is a member of acridines and a cyclic ketone. 
3',5'-cyclic IMP(1-) is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of 3',5'-cyclic IMP arising from deprotonation of the free phosphate OH group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3',5'-cyclic IMP. 
it is a nitrotyrosine comprising tyrosine having a nitro group at the 3-position on the phenyl ring. It is a nitrotyrosine, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a member of 2-nitrophenols and a C-nitro compound. 
Samarium Sm-153 Lexidronam Pentasodium is the pentasodium salt of samarium Sm 153 lexidronam, a therapeutic agent consisting of a medium energy beta- and gamma-emitting radioisotope, samarium Sm 153, and a teraphosphonate chelator, ethylenediaminetetramethylene phosphonic acid (EDTMP). The chelator moiety of samarium Sm 153 lexidronam associates with hydroxyapatite crystals concentrated in areas of bone turnover, thereby selectively delivering samarium Sm 153-mediated cytotoxic radiation to osteoblastic bone metastases. 
it is a member of pyridines and a tertiary amine. It has a role as a histamine antagonist, a cholinergic antagonist, a sedative, an antiemetic, a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent and an antitussive. it is a first generation ethanolamine with antiinflammatory, sedative and antihistamine properties. it competitively inhibits the histamine 1 (H1) receptor, thereby preventing the action of endogenous histamine as well as the subsequent release of pro-inflammatory mediators from basophils and mast cells. This agent acts as an inverse agonist that combines with, and stabilizes the inactive form of the H1-receptor, shifting the H1 receptor equilibrium toward the inactive state. This results in downregulation of nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) and NF-kappaB dependent antigen presentation, chemotaxis, as well as expression of cell-adhesion molecules and pro-inflammatory cytokines. 
it, also known as hexahydro-M-cresol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexanols. Cyclohexanols are compounds containing an alcohol group attached to a cyclohexane ring. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aminodiol that is octadecane bearing two hydroxy substituents at positions 1 and 3 as well as an amino substituent at position 2. It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. 
it is a scalarane sesterterpenoid lactone, a metabolite of marine sponges of the family Thorectidae (order dictyoceratida). It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is the mesylate salt of puquitinib, an orally available selective inhibitor of the delta form of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3-kinase subunit delta; PI3K-delta; PI3Kdelta), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, puquitinib selectively binds to the ATP-binding pocket of PI3K-delta and prevents the activation of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. This decreases proliferation of and induces cell death in PI3K-delta over-expressing tumor cells. PI3K-delta also plays a key role in the B-cell receptor (BCR) signaling pathway and the proliferation of certain hematologic cancer cells. The targeted inhibition of PI3K-delta is designed to preserve PI3K signaling in normal, non-neoplastic cells, thereby minimizing serious side effects. 
it is a yellowish aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of five fused rings formed by the incomplete burning of organic matter. it is primarily found in gasoline exhaust, petroleum refinery incinerator emissions, coal combustion emissions, cigarette smoke and coal tar pitch. This substance is used only for research purposes. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a dipeptide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of 4-aminobenzoic acid with the amino group of L-glutamic acid. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a dipeptide, a substituted aniline and a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(4-aminobenzoyl)-L-glutamate. 
it is a benzoate ester that is ethyl benzoate substituted by a dimethylamino group at position 4. It is a benzoate ester, a tertiary amino compound and an ethyl ester. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of dihydroorotic acid that is an intermediate in the metabolism of pyridine. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-dihydroorotate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-dihydroorotic acid. 
it is an oily yellow liquid. Freezing point 5Â°C. Insoluble in water. Soluble in ethanol. Unstable relative to the trans isomer, which is a solid with a melting point of 122-124Â°C. 
A C19 norditerpenoid alkaloid (DITERPENES) from the root of ACONITUM; DELPHINIUM and larkspurs. It activates VOLTAGE-GATED SODIUM CHANNELS. It has been used to induce ARRHYTHMIAS in experimental animals and it has anti-inflammatory and anti-neuralgic properties. 
Gramcidin D is a heterogeneous mixture of three antibiotic compounds, gramicidins A, B and C, making up 80%, 6%, and 14% respectively all of which are obtained from the soil bacterial species Bacillus brevis and called collectively it. Gramcidins are 15 residue peptides with alternating D and L amino acids, which assemble inside of the hydrophobic interior of the cellular lipid bilayer to form a Î²-helix. Active against most Gram-positive bacteria and some Gram-negative organisms, it is used primarily as a topical antibiotic and is also found in Polysporin ophthalmic solution. 
1,5,9-cyclododecatriene appears as a colorless liquid. Toxic by skin absorption and ingestion and irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a fumiquinazoline obtained by oxidative spirocyclisation of fumiquinazoline A. It is a fumiquinazoline, an imidazoindole, an oxaspiro compound, an azaspiro compound and an organic heteroheptacyclic compound. 
it is a member of the class of biopterins that consists of pterin bearing amino, oxo and 1,2-dihydroxypropyl substituents at positions 2, 4 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
A spiro-diketo-piperazine; a potent noncompetitive allosteric antagonist of the CCR5 receptor with concomitantly potent antiviral effects for HIV-1. it is a C-C Chemokine Receptor Type 5 (CCR5) antagonist with activity against HIV-1. it inhibits HIV-1 entry via CCR5 coreceptor interaction. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the 1- and 6-amino groups of hexane-1,2,6-triamine with the carboxy groups from two molecules of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid followed by reduction of the amide carbonyl at position 5 to a hydroxy group. It has a role as a siderophore and a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of catechols and a member of benzamides. It derives from a 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid. 
it, also known as epi-cubenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cubenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, cubenol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes cubenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 9H-beta-carboline substituted by a butyl group at position 9, methoxy group at position 7 and a methyl group at position 1. It is semisynthetic derivative of harmine and has been shown to exhibit significant anti-HIV activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV agent. It is an aromatic ether, a member of beta-carbolines and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from a harmine. 
it is pyrrolidine in which the pro-S hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a carboxylic acid group. it is the only one of the twenty DNA-encoded amino acids which has a secondary amino group alpha to the carboxyl group. It is an essential component of collagen and is important for proper functioning of joints and tendons. It also helps maintain and strengthen heart muscles. It has a role as a micronutrient, a nutraceutical, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a member of compatible osmolytes. It is a glutamine family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-prolinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-prolinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a cyclic, nonessential amino acid (actually, an imino acid) in humans (synthesized from glutamic acid and other amino acids), it is a constituent of many proteins. Found in high concentrations in collagen, it constitutes almost a third of the residues. Collagen is the main supportive protein of skin, tendons, bones, and connective tissue and promotes their health and healing. (NCI04) 
it is a cyclic hydrocarbon that consists of two cyclopentane rings connected via a C=C bond between the methylene groups. It is a member of its and a cyclic hydrocarbon. 
it is a hydroxychrysene that is chrysene in which the hydrogen at position 6 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a substituted aniline that is 2,4-dibromoaniline which is substituted at position 6 by a [cyclohexyl(methyl)amino]methyl group. It is used (as the monohydrochloride salt) as a mucolytic for the treatment of respiratory disorders associated with productive cough (i.e. a cough characterised by the production of sputum). It has a role as a mucolytic. It is a substituted aniline, a tertiary amino compound and an organobromine compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a nucleoside pentaphosphate that is adenosine in which a hexahydrogen pentaphosphate is attached at the 5' position. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a nucleoside pentaphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an it(6-). 
it is an N-acylglycine resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of glycine with the carboxy group of 4-hydroxy-1-methyl-7-phenoxyisoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid. It is an inhibitor of hypoxia inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase (HIF-PH). It has a role as an EC 1.14.11.2 (procollagen-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.11.29 (hypoxia-inducible factor-proline dioxygenase) inhibitor. It is a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether and a N-acylglycine. it is an orally bioavailable, hypoxia-inducible factor prolyl hydroxylase inhibitor (HIF-PHI), with potential anti-anemic activity. Upon administration, roxadustat binds to and inhibits HIF-PHI, an enzyme responsible for the degradation of transcription factors in the HIF family under normal oxygen conditions. This prevents HIF breakdown and promotes HIF activity. Increased HIF activity leads to an increase in endogenous erythropoietin production, thereby enhancing erythropoiesis. It also reduces the expression of the peptide hormone hepcidin, improves iron availability, and boosts hemoglobin (Hb) levels. HIF regulates the expression of genes in response to reduced oxygen levels, including genes required for erythropoiesis and iron metabolism. 
it is a pyrrolizine alkaloid obtained from senecionine by formal addition of hydrogen peroxide across the ethylidene double bond. It has a role as a Jacobaea metabolite. It is a macrocyclic lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a pyrrolizine alkaloid, a triol and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a senecionine. 
The quinoline-3-carboxamide anti-angiogenic agent, it, enhances the anti-prostate cancer efficacy of androgen ablation and taxotere without effecting serum PSA directly in human xenografts it is a quinoline-3-carboxamide linomide analogue with antiangiogenic and potential antineoplastic activities. it has been shown to decrease blood vessel density but the exact mechanism of action is not known. This agent has also been shown to augment the antineoplastic effects of docetaxel and androgen ablation in a murine model of prostate cancer involving human prostate cancer xenografts. 
it, also known as 4-(3-pyridyl)-butanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a heptadecenoic acid having its double bond in the 10-position. It is a conjugate acid of a 10-heptadecenoate. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone having phenyl and chloro substituents at positions 5 and 7 respectively; it has anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, muscle relaxant and sedative properties but is used primarily in the treatment of anxiety. It has a role as a GABA modulator, an anxiolytic drug, an anticonvulsant, a sedative and a human metabolite. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an organochlorine compound. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the nonstructural protein 3 (NS3), with potential activity against hepatitis C virus (HCV). Upon administration, it binds to the active center of the HCV NS3 and prevents NS3 protease-mediated polyprotein maturation. This disrupts the processing of viral proteins required for HCV replication. NS3, a serine protease, is essential for the proteolytic cleavages within the HCV polyprotein and plays a key role during HCV viral RNA replication. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxybenzoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is a sphingoid obtained by formal hydrogenation of the C=C bond of hexadecasphingosine. It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. It derives from a hexadecasphing-4-enine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is amiloride in which the two amino hydrogens at position N-5 are replaced by a hexamethylene moiety, resulting in the formation of an azepane ring. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and an odorant receptor antagonist. It is a member of pyrazines, an organochlorine compound, a member of azepanes, a member of guanidines, an aromatic amine and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an amiloride. 
Lead iodide appears as a yellow crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Primary hazard is threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used in printing and photography, to seed clouds and other uses. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fruity and rum taste. 
it is a pentadienoic acid with the double bonds at positions 2 and 4. It is a pentadienoic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a penta-2,4-dienoate. 
it ((18)F) is a member of the class of stilbenoids in which the para-hydrogens of stilbene are replaced by methylamino and 2-{2-[2-((18)F)fluoroethoxy]ethoxy}ethoxy) groups. A positron emission tomography imaging ligand for the detection of amyloid aggregation associated with Alzheimer disease. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. It is a stilbenoid, a substituted aniline, a secondary amino compound, a (18)F radiopharmaceutical, a polyether and an aromatic ether. it is a stilbene derivative labeled with the positron-emitting isotope fluorine F 18, that may be used for positron emission tomography (PET) detection of beta-amyloid neuritic plaques and other amyloid protein deposits. Upon administration, F 18-florbetaben exhibits differential retention in regions that contain certain amyloid deposits. Differences in signal intensity between tissues showing specific and non-specific uptake of F 18-florbetaben allows for the detection of amyloid neuritic plaques in patients being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease, and potentially the detection of amyloid deposits in amyloidosis. 
2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate, also known as benzyl dimethyl carbinyl acetate or 1, 1-dimethyl-2-phenylethyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl acetate has a sweet, berry, and floral taste. 
it is a bisphenol that is bisphenol A condensed with two molecules of methacrylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a bisphenol and an enoate ester. It derives from a bisphenol A and a methacrylic acid. 
(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z)-it is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that consists of 4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z-docosahexaenoic acid bearing an additional 17-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It derives from an all-cis-docosa-4,7,10,13,16,19-hexaenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,15E,19Z)-17-hydroxydocosahexaenoate. 
it is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-iminopiperazine and a member of rifamycins. It has a role as an antitubercular agent and a leprostatic drug. it is a long-acting, cyclopentyl-substituted derivative of rifamycin used to treat mycobacterium infections. 
it is a member of anthracenes. It derives from an anthralin. Chrysarobin is an extract of Goa powder; a complex mixture of reduction products of chrysophanic acid, emodin, and emodin monomethyl ether; used locally in ringworm, psoriasis, and eczema. 
Adriamycin hydrochloride appears as orange-red thin needles. Aqueous solutions yellow-orange at acid pHs, orange-red at neutral pHs, and violet blue over pH 9. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt of the 4'-epi-isomer of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. Epirubicin intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also produces toxic free-radical intermediates and interacts with cell membrane lipids causing lipid peroxidation. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00499967 (Safety and Effectiveness Study of an Experimental Topical Ointment (it) for the Treatment of Genital Warts). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Boiling point 46.6Â°C. Flash point below 0Â°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Irritant and narcotic. 
1,2-di-[(9Z,12Z)-octadecadienoyl]-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a 1,2-di-octadecadienoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the double bonds in each fatty acyl group are at positions 9 and 12 and have Z configuration. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
it is an agent derived from acetohydroxamic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits ribonuclease reductase, resulting in decreased DNA synthesis and tumor growth; it also inhibits acetylcholinesterase. In vivo, it contributes to the formation of the neurotoxin methyl isocyanate; this effect, along with the agent's acetylcholinesterase activity, may be responsible for the severe central nervous system toxicity observed in clinical trials. (NCI04) 
it is a tetrasaccharide derivative consisting of a dideoxy-4-{[4,5,6-trihydroxy-3-(hydroxymethyl)cyclohex-2-en-1-yl C7 cyclitol moiety [called valienol (or valienamine)] linked via nitrogen to isomaltotriose. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, an EC 3.2.1.1 (alpha-amylase) inhibitor and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a conjugate base of an acarbose(1+). it is a pseudotetrasaccharide and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase with antihyperglycemic activity. it binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, acarbose inhibits pancreatic alpha-amylase which hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the small intestines. 
4-(2-hydroxy-5-methylphenylazo)acetanilide is an azo dye with a structure consisting of acetanilide substituted on the 4-position of the phenyl group with a 6-hydroxy-m-tolylazo group. It has a role as a dye and an allergen. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from an azobenzene. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 5,6-dimethyl-9-oxoxanthen-4-yl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of xanthones and a monocarboxylic acid. it is a fused tricyclic analogue of flavone acetic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. it induces the cytokines tumor necrosis alpha (TNF-alpha), serotonin and nitric oxide, resulting in hemorrhagic necrosis and a decrease in angiogenesis. This agent also stimulates the anti-tumor activity of tumor-associated macrophages. 
it is a colorless liquid with a strong acid odor. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a synthetic, colorless to light yellow liquid that is soluble in polar organic solvents and only slightly soluble in water. it is used as both a chemical intermediate and cross-linking agent in the production of polymers. it is flammable and, when heated to decomposition, emits toxic fumes of hydrogen chloride. Exposure of humans to it vapor causes irritation of the eyes and throat. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a primary ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 3-phenylpropylamine, obtained from the protonation of the primary amino group. Major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phenylpropylamine. 
it is eHNA of absolute configuration 2R,3S. Selective inhibitor of cGMP-stimulated phosphodiesterase (PDE2) (IC50 = 0.8 - 4 mM). Also a potent inhibitor of adenosine deaminase. It has a role as an EC 3.5.4.4 (adenosine deaminase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (2S,3R)-EHNA. 
Hexadecanoylcholine is an acylcholine obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of choline. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyanthraquinones that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and a methyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a sulfone and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent and an antimicrobial agent. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid that is dotriacontane in which one of the methyl groups has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and an ultra-long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dotriacontanoate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Melanoma, Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Breast Cancer, and Ovarian Cancer, among others. it is an acyl-sulfonamide with potential antineoplastic activity. Selectively toxic towards tumor cells, it appears to induce tumor cell apoptosis by a mitochondrial-targeted mechanism involving the loss of mitochondrial membrane potential and induction of reactive oxygen species (ROS). In combination with an angiogenesis inhibitor, this agent may exhibit synergistic antiangiogenic activity. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of ramosetron, a selective serotonin (5-HT) receptor antagonist with potential antiemetic activity. Upon administration, ramosetron selectively binds to and blocks the activity of 5-HT subtype 3 (5-HT3) receptors located in the vagus nerve terminal and in the vomiting center in the central nervous system (CNS), suppressing chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that consists of (2S)-2,3-dihydro-2'H,4H-2,5'-bichromen-4-one skeleton substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 8', a methyl group at position 2', a prenyl group at position 6 and a 4-methylpent-3-enyl group at position 2'. Isolated from Macaranga tanarius, it exhibits alleopathic effect. It has a role as an allelochemical and a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. 
it is an acene that consists of six ortho-fused benzene rings in a rectilinear arrangement. It is an acene and a member of its. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Noncombustible, but accelerates burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in fire or the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced in fires. 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by a sec-butyl group. It is a dioxolane and a cyclic acetal. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
it is a white crystalline powder and is odorless. This material is used as a reagent for ketones and certain metals, for photography and as a rodenticide. It is also effective for control of bacterial leaf blight of rice. Not a registered pesticide in the U.S. It is a chemical intermediate for herbicides and a reagent for detection of metals. (EPA, 1998) 
Norsertraline, also known as dasotraline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetralins. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a tetralin moiety, which consists of a benzene fused to a cyclohexane. Norsertraline is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Norsertraline has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, norsertraline is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a phenol that is a natural monoterpene derivative of cymene. An inhibitor of bacterial growth, it is used as a food additive. Potent activator of the human ion channels transient receptor potential V3 (TRPV3) and A1 (TRPA1). It has a role as a volatile oil component, a flavouring agent, an antimicrobial agent, an agrochemical and a TRPA1 channel agonist. It is a member of phenols, a p-menthane monoterpenoid and a botanical anti-fungal agent. It derives from a hydride of a p-cymene. 
1-(2-Furanyl)-1-pentanone, also known as it or 2-valeroylfuran, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1-pentanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(2-furanyl)-1-pentanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1-pentanone has a sweet and caramel taste. 
it is a white odorless solid. Sinks and dissolves in water. (USCG, 1999) it is an inorganic sulfate salt obtained by reaction of sulfuric acid with two equivalents of ammonia. A high-melting (decomposes above 280â„ƒ) white solid which is very soluble in water (70.6 g/100 g water at 0â„ƒ; 103.8 g/100 g water at 100â„ƒ), it is widely used as a fertilizer for alkaline soils. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is an ammonium salt and an inorganic sulfate salt. 
it is a thioamide derivative with antitubercular activity. it forms a covalent adduct with bacterial nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), PTH-NAD, which competitively inhibits 2-trans-enoyl-ACP reductase (inhA), an enzyme essential for mycolic acid synthesis. This results in increased cell wall permeability and decreased resistance against cell injury eventually leading to cell lysis. Mycolic acids, long-chain fatty acids, are essential mycobacterial cell wall components and play a key role in resistance to cell injury and mycobacterial virulence. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, ite is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Monoit appears as white or off-white crystalline powder with a slight peptone-like odor. pH (0.2% solution)7.0. (NTP, 1992) Monoit is an optically active form of monoit having L-configuration. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It contains a L-glutamate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a monosodium D-glutamate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a quinazoline derivative with antineoplastic properties. Competing with adenosine triphosphate, erlotinib reversibly binds to the intracellular catalytic domain of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase, thereby reversibly inhibiting EGFR phosphorylation and blocking the signal transduction events and tumorigenic effects associated with EGFR activation. 
it is an optically active form of O-butanoylcarnitine having L-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an O-butanoylcarnitine and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-ornithine with the amino group of D-aspartic acid. It is a constituent of bacterial peptidoglycan type A4beta. It derives from a L-ornithine and a D-aspartic acid. 
it is a lactam that is 2,3-dihydro-1,5-benzothiazepin-4(5H)-one in which positions 2 and 3 are substituted by 4-methoxyphenyl and acetoxy, respectively, while the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 2-(dimethylamino)ethyl group. It is a lactam, a benzothiazepine, a tertiary amino compound, an acetate ester and an aromatic ether. 
it appears as a clear light colored liquid. Nearly odorless. Denser than water. Poses low acute health hazard to humans. Primary hazard is to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrates the soil to contaminate groundwater and nearby waterways. it is a one-carbon compound that is methane in which the hydrogens have been replaced by three chlorine and one fluorine atom. It has a role as a refrigerant and an environmental contaminant. It is a halomethane and a chlorofluorocarbon. 
Na, na-dimethylhistamine, also known as hippospongine?, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aralkylamines. These are alkylamines in which the alkyl group is substituted at one carbon atom by an aromatic hydrocarbyl group. Na, na-dimethylhistamine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, na, na-dimethylhistamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, na, na-dimethylhistamine can be found in mushrooms, pomes, and spinach. This makes na, na-dimethylhistamine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a clear colorless gas with a pungent odor. Flash point -58Â°F. Boiling point 54Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is the simplest and least toxic member of the class of its, that is ethane in which a single hydrogen is substituted by a chlorine. A colourless gas at room temperature and pressure (boiling point 12â„ƒ), it is used as a mild topical anaesthetic to numb the skin prior to ear piercing, skin biopsies, etc., and is also used in the treatment of sports injuries. It was formerly used in the production of tetraethyllead. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, an antipruritic drug and an inhalation anaesthetic. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is an alkane that is decane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 3, 5 and 8. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a decane. 
Plicamycin, which was formerly known as mithramycin, is an antibiotic that is used as an anticancer agent in the therapy of testicular and germ cell cancers. Plicamycin causes acute hepatic injury that arises within days of starting therapy, but is usually transient and asymptomatic and rarely leads to jaundice. Plicamycin has not been approved for use as cancer chemotherapy in the United States, but continues to be used on an investigational basis. Plicamycin is an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces plicatus with antineoplastic activity. Plicamycin, also known as mithramycin, binds to the minor groove of DNA at GC-rich sites, resulting in inhibition of RNA synthesis; this agent also inhibits mRNA expression, resulting in a reduction in protein synthesis. In addition, plicamycin may inhibit bone resorption by down regulating transcription of c-src, an oncogene involved in bone metabolism and resorption. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03904862 (Testing the Safety and Tolerability of it in Patients With Recurrent Medulloblastoma Who May or May Not Have Surgery). 
An antibiotic combination product of piperacillin and tazobactam, a penicillanic acid derivative with enhanced beta-lactamase inhibitory activity, that is used for the intravenous treatment of intra-abdominal, pelvic, and skin infections and for community-acquired pneumonia of moderate severity. It is also used for the treatment of PSEUDOMONAS AERUGINOSA INFECTIONS. 
2, 3, 4, 5, 6-Pentachlorobenzyl alcohol, also known as 2, 3, 4, 5, 6-pentachlorobenzenemethanol, 9CI or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyl alcohols. These are organic compounds containing the phenylmethanol substructure. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6-Pentachlorobenzyl alcohol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6-pentachlorobenzyl alcohol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
A herbicide that contains equal parts of 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D) and 2,4,5-trichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4,5-T), as well as traces of the contaminant 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin. 
1, 1-Dimethylethyl heptanoic acid, also known as tert-butyl heptanoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 1, 1-Dimethylethyl heptanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1, 1-Dimethylethyl heptanoic acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and urine. Within the cell, 1, 1-dimethylethyl heptanoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it or ile-tyr, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a member of the class of thiadiazolidines that is 1,2,4-thiadiazolidine-3,5-dione which is substituted by a naphthalen-1-yl group at position 2 and by a benzyl group at position 4. It is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3beta (GSK3beta) and has neuroprotective effects. Currently under clinical investigation for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and progressive supranuclear palsy. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of naphthalenes, a member of benzenes and a thiadiazolidine. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone that is pinocembrin substituted by a prenyl group at position 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a pinocembrin. 
it is a cytidine phosphate compound having the phosphate group at the 2'-position. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 2'-monophosphate and a cytidine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a cytidine 2'-phosphate(2-). 
Glycyl-asparagine, also known as g-N dipeptide or gly-asn, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Glycyl-asparagine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Enfuvirtide is a synthetic 36-amino acid peptide consisting of N-acetyltyrosyl, threonyl, seryl, leucyl, isoleucyl, histidyl, seryl, leucyl, isoleucyl, alpha-glutamyl, alpha-glutamyl, seryl, glutaminyl, asparaginyl, glutaminyl, glutaminyl, alpha-glutamyl, lysyl, asparaginyl, alpha-glutamyl, alpha-glutamyl, alpha-glutamyl, leucyl, leucyl, alpha-glutamyl, leucyl, alpha-aspartyl, lysyl, tryptophyl, alanyl, seryl, leucyl, tryptophyl, asparaginyl, tryptophyl, and phenylalaninamide residues joined in sequence. An HIV fusion inhibitor, it was the first of a novel class of antiretroviral drugs used in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV-1 infection. It interferes with entry of HIV into cells by binding to the gp41 sub-unit of the viral envelope glycoprotein, so inhibiting fusion of viral and cellular membranes. It has a role as a HIV fusion inhibitor. 
it is an oral prostacyclin and a metabolite of arachidonic acid with antihypertensive and platelet inhibitory properties. it binds to prostacyclin receptors on platelet surfaces, subsequently activating platelet membrane adenyl cyclase and resulting in increased cAMP levels. The elevated cAMP triggers signal transduction that leads to vasodilations. In addition, this agent also functions as an antagonist of thromboxane A2, thereby resulting in direct vasodilation of pulmonary and systemic arterial vascular beds, and inhibition of platelet aggregation. 
Alpha-Solanine, also known as Î‘-solanine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Alpha-Solanine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Alpha-Solanine has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, Alpha-solanine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, Alpha-solanine can be found in alcoholic beverages, garden tomato (var. ), and potato. This makes Alpha-solanine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. Alpha-Solanine is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a 5-methoxyfurocoumarin that is psoralen substituted by a methoxy group at position 5. It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of psoralens, a 5-methoxyfurocoumarin and an organic heterotricyclic compound. It derives from a psoralen. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone compound having a methyl substituent at the 1-position, a hydroxy substituent at the 3-position, a 2-chlorophenyl group at the 5-position and a chloro substituent at the 7-position. It has a role as a sedative. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an organochlorine compound. 
A number of different cardioactive glycosides obtained from Strophanthus species. OUABAIN is from S. gratus and CYMARINE from S. kombe. They are used like the digitalis glycosides. 
it, also known as it or allylnitrile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitriles. Nitriles are compounds having the structure RC#N; thus C-substituted derivatives of hydrocyanic acid, HC#N. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear light colored liquid. Insoluble in water and slightly denser than water. Hence sinks in water. May be toxic by inhalation. it is a member of the class of chloroethanes that is ethane substituted by chloro groups at positions 1, 1 and 2. 
it is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid muscle relaxant which constitutes the active component of curare. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a muscle relaxant and a drug allergen. It derives from a hydride of a tubocuraran. it is the chloride salt form of it, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. it competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefpodoxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefpodoxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2, 4-triazolo[4, 3-a][1, 4]benzodiazepines. These are aromatic compounds containing a 1, 4-benzodiazepine fused to and sharing a nitrogen atom with a 1, 2, 4-triazole ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a triterpene that is docosahydropicene substituted by 8 methyl groups at positions 2, 2, 4a, 6a, 8a, 9, 12b and 14a. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a selenoamino acid that is L-selenomethionine in which the methyl group attached to the selenium is replaced by a 5'-adenosyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of adenosines and a selenoamino acid. It derives from a L-selenomethionine and an adenosine. 
it is a non-proteinognic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alanine in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by a 2-fluoro-4,5-dihydroxyphenyl group. It is a fluorophenol, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of catechols. It derives from a L-dopa. 
it is an azabicycloalkane compound having angelyloxy and echimidinyloxymethyl substituents attached to the ring system. It is an azabicycloalkane, a diester and a 2-methylbut-2-enoic acid. It derives from an angelic acid and an isocrotonic acid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a sweet, penetrating, ether-like odor. Noncombustible by if exposed to high temperatures may emit toxic chloride fumes. Vapors are narcotic in high concentrations. Used as a solvent and paint remover. it is a member of the class of chloromethanes that is methane in which two of the hydrogens have been replaced by chlorine. A dense, non-flammible colourless liquid at room temperature (b.p. 40â„ƒ, d = 1.33) which is immiscible with water, it is widely used as a solvent, a paint stripper, and for the removal of caffeine from coffee and tea. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, a carcinogenic agent and a refrigerant. It is a member of chloromethanes and a volatile organic compound. it is a clear, colorless, nonflammable, volatile liquid chlorinated hydrocarbon with a sweet, pleasant smell and emits highly toxic fumes of phosgene when heated to decomposition. it is primarily used as a solvent in paint removers, but is also used in aerosol formulations, as a solvent in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, as a degreasing agent, in electronics manufacturing and as an ethane foam blowing agent. Inhalation exposure to this substance irritates the nose and throat and affects the central nervous system. it is a possible mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a terminal acetylenic compound. It derives from a norgestrel. It is an enantiomer of a levonorgestrel. 
Iodide it (as sodium Iodide it) is a radioactive isotope of iodine used in nuclear medicine for the diagnostic study of thyroid disease. Following oral administration, it is absorbed through the gastrointestinal tract and is taken up by the thyroid gland. After incorporation, a gamma camera is used to detect the decay by electron capture to tellurium-123.  Iodine is commonly used in thyroid function diagnostic tests as this gland normally absorbs iodine through the diet for formation of the thyroid hormones triiodothyronine (T3) and its prohormone, thyroxine (T4). Radioactive it in particular is effective for this use as its half-life of approximately 13.13 h (hours) is ideal for the 24-h (hour) iodine uptake test and it has a reduced radiation burden as compared to I-131. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 1-phenylethanamine. It is a conjugate base of a (1S)-1-phenylethanaminium. It is an enantiomer of a (1R)-1-phenylethanamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an aprotoxin having the common aprotoxin cyclodepsipeptide skeleton with a double bond in the polyketide unit. It is isolated from Lyngbya bouillonii and exhibits cytotoxic activity against several cancer cell lines derived from colon, cervix, and bone. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 
it is a diterpene alkaloid with formula C31H43NO10 that is isolated from several Aconitum species. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an analgesic and an antiinfective agent. It is a bridged compound, a diterpene alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, a polyether, a secondary alcohol, a benzoate ester, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a tetrol. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
(7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-it is the all-cis-isomer of a C22 polyunsaturated fatty acid having five double bonds in the 7-, 10-, 13-, 16- and 19-positions. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a it and an omega-3 fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z,19Z)-docosapentaenoate. it is a polyunsaturated very long-chain fatty acid with a 22-carbon backbone and 5 double bonds, originating from the 3rd, 6th, 9th, 12th and 15th positions from the methyl end, with all double bonds in the cis- configuration. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is (5alpha)-androstane substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3 and an oxo group at position 17. It has a role as an androgen and a human metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and an androstanoid. It derives from a 5alpha-androstane. it is a dehydroit metabolite and a precursor of testosterone and estradiol with hypolipidemic and anabolic property. it, a potential neurosteroid, appears to bind to the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)/benzodiazepine-receptor complex (GABA-RC), acting as a negative non-competitive modulator of GABA-RC as well as signal through the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor. In addition this agent inhibits the pentose phosphate pathway (PPP) thereby dilating blood vessels pre-contracted by partial depolarization. Also, it inhibits the synthesis of thromboxane A2 in activated platelets, reduces plasma plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 and tissue plasminogen activator antigen, increases serum levels of insulin-like growth factor 1 and increases cyclic guanosine monophosphate and nitric oxide synthesis. These effects may improve circulation in the microvasculature. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a camphor-like odor. Soluble in most organic liquids. Flash point 154Â°F. May be toxic by inhalation or skin exposure. Vapors are narcotic in high concentrations. Irritates skin, eyes and mucus membranes. Used in making soap, lacquers, and plastics. it is an alcohol that consists of cyclohexane bearing a single hydroxy substituent. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a solvent. It is a secondary alcohol and a member of its. 
it is an acyl-CoA oxoanion resulting from the removal of all four protons from the phosphate and diphosphate groups of 3-oxo-23,24-bisnorchola-1,4-dien-22-oyl-CoA; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 3-oxo-23,24-bisnorchola-1,4-dien-22-oyl-CoA. 
N(omega)-methyl-L-arginine is a L-arginine derivative with a N(omega)-methyl substituent. It is a member of guanidines, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-arginine derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N(omega)-methyl-L-argininate. It is a tautomer of a N(omega)-methyl-L-arginine zwitterion. it is a pan-nitric oxide synthase (NOS) inhibitor, with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, tilarginine binds to and inhibits NOS, a free radical signaling molecule that promotes angiogenesis, metastasis, and immunosuppression in the tumor microenvironment (TME). Reduction in NOS activity may abrogate the immunosuppressive TME, enhance tumor antigen-specific immune response and inhibit tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of an L-alanyl, two L-asparagyl units, and an L-proline joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-asparagine and a L-proline. 
A photo-active pigment localized in prolamellar bodies occurring within the proplastids of dark-grown bean leaves. In the process of photoconversion, the highly fluorescent it is converted to chlorophyll. 
it, also known as it or e-dodecalactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lactones. These are cyclic esters of hydroxy carboxylic acids, containing a 1-oxacycloalkan-2-one structure, or analogues having unsaturation or heteroatoms replacing one or more carbon atoms of the ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 7-hexyl-2-oxepanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, celery, and fruity taste. 
it is a imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is 7-(2,5-dioxoimidazolidin-4-yl)heptanoic acid in which the imidazoline ring as substituted at position 3 by a 3-(3-cyclohexyl-3-hydroxypropyl) group. It is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione, a secondary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid. 
6-Acetylmorphine, also known as it CPD or morphine-6-acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as morphinans. These are polycyclic compounds with a four-ring skeleton with three condensed six-member rings forming a partially hydrogenated phenanthrene moiety, one of which is aromatic while the two others are alicyclic. 6-Acetylmorphine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 6-Acetylmorphine has been primarily detected in blood. In humans, 6-acetylmorphine is involved in the heroin action pathway and the heroin metabolism pathway. 
it, also known as it or fema 2206, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, butyl dodecanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a fruity, oily, and peanut tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, and pomes. This makes butyl dodecanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an acetylenic compound that is 2,2-tetramethyl-3-hexyn-1-amine in which both amino hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. It is a tertiary amine and an acetylenic compound. 
it is a 32-membered heterodetic cyclic peptide comprising the sequence Cys-Ser-Asn-Leu-Ser-Thr-Cys-Val-Leu-Gly-Lys-Leu-Ser-Gln-Glu-Leu-His-Lys-Leu-Gln-Thr-Tyr-Pro-Arg-Thr-Asn-Thr-Gly-Ser-Gly-Thr-Pro-NH2 cyclised by a disulfide bridge between the two Cys residues at positions 1 and 7. It has a role as a metabolite and a bone density conservation agent. It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a polypeptide and a peptide hormone. 
1,2,3-trichloropropene appears as an amber liquid. May be absorbed through the skin. Vapors are heavier than air. Contact with vapors or liquid may cause burns or irritation. 
it is an odorless white to off-white crystalline powder with a slightly bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a fluorinated steroid that is 9-fluoropregna-1,4-diene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 11, 17 and 21, a methyl group at position 16 and oxo groups at positions 3 and 20. It is a synthetic member of the class of glucocorticoids. It has a role as an adrenergic agent, an antiemetic, an antineoplastic agent, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an immunosuppressive agent and an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 20-oxo steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 21-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic adrenal corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory properties. In addition to binding to specific nuclear steroid receptors, it also interferes with NF-kB activation and apoptotic pathways. This agent lacks the salt-retaining properties of other related adrenal hormones. (NCI04) 
it is a pale yellow liquid with a mercaptan-like odor. Used as a nematocide and insecticide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is an aporphine alkaloid. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic drug, a serotonergic drug, an antidyskinesia agent, a dopamine agonist, an antiparkinson drug and an emetic. It derives from a hydride of an aporphine. it Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of it, a derivative of morphine and non-ergoline dopamine agonist with high selectivity for dopamine D2, D3, D4 and D5 receptors. it hydrochloride acts by stimulating dopamine receptors in the nigrostriatal system, hypothalamus, limbic system, pituitary gland, and blood vessels. This enhances motor function, suppresses prolactin release, and causes vasodilation and behavioral effects. it hydrochloride is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and erectile dysfunction. In addition, it hydrochloride acts on the chemoreceptor trigger zone and is used as a central emetic in the treatment of drug overdose. 
Gly-Gln is a dipeptide formed from glycine and L-glutamine residues. It has a role as a metabolite and a protective agent. It is a tautomer of a Gly-Gln zwitterion. 
An 18-amino acid peptide that is the C-terminal fragment of gamma-lipotropin which is the N-terminal fragment of BETA-LIPOTROPIN. Beta-MSH is shown to regulate skin pigmentation, steroid production, and feeding. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and sinks in water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be mildly toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. Use: in lithography, battery acid solution treated fabrics, used in varnishes. 
it is a spinosyn in which the sugar amino and hydroxy groups are globally methylated. One of the two active ingredients of spinosad. It has a role as a pediculicide. It is a itnd a spinosyn insecticide. 
it, also known as iminopropionicacetic acid or N-(carboxyethyl)glycine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as framidice 3 or menthol carboxamide WS-3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ethyl menthane carboxamide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. it is the hydrochloride salt of fenfluramine, an amphetamine derivative and a sympathomimetic stimulant with appetite-suppressant properties. Fenfluramine, which was part of the Fen-Phen anti-obesity medication, stimulates the release of serotonin from vesicular storage, and modulates serotonin transporter function. Since serotonin regulates mood and appetite, among other functions, increased serotonin level results in a feeling of fullness and loss of appetite. 
N-acetyl-L-alpha-phenylglycine is an N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid that is L-alpha-phenylglycine in which a hydrogen attached to the nitrogen has been replaced by an acetyl group. It is a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid, a glycine derivative and a non-proteinogenic amino acid derivative. It derives from a L-alpha-phenylglycine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-alpha-phenylglycinate. 
CragÂ® herbicide is a colorless to white crystalline, odorless solid. Mp: 245Â°C (with decomposition). Manufacture discontinued in 1994 by Rhone-Poulenc Ag Co. 
it is a succinic acid derivative with hypoglycemic activity. Like other meglitinide-type compounds, mitiglinide has a high affinity for SUR1 subunits. 
it is a polyazaalkane that is the 1,5,9,13,17-pentaaza derivative of heptodecane. It has a role as a marine metabolite. It is a polyazaalkane, a primary amino compound and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(4+). 
it is the hydrochloride salt of SKF-96365. It is a TRP channel blocker. It has a role as a TRP channel blocker, an apoptosis inducer, an autophagy inducer, a GABA antagonist, an antineoplastic agent, a calcium channel blocker and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It contains a SKF-96365 free base(1+). 
it is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as eicosanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a N-acylsphingosine and a Cer(d38:1). It derives from an icosanoic acid. 
it is a ureidocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a glycolic acid. 
it is an aziridinylbenzoquinone-based alkylating agent with potential antineoplastic activity. The alkylating group in it becomes activated upon reduction of quinone to the hydroquinone form. This eventually results in the alkylation and crosslinking of DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication followed by an induction of apoptosis. In addition, reactive oxygen species may form during redox cycling which may contribute to this agent's cytotoxic activity. 
it is a methoxycinnamic acid with three methoxy substituents at the 3-, 4- and 5-positions. It has a role as an allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,4,5-trimethoxycinnamate. 
15-Dehydro-prostaglandin e1(1-) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as prostaglandins and related compounds. These are unsaturated carboxylic acids consisting of a 20 carbon skeleton that also contains a five member ring, and are based upon the fatty acid arachidonic acid. 15-Dehydro-prostaglandin e1(1-) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 15-Dehydro-prostaglandin e1(1-) has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 15-dehydro-prostaglandin e1(1-) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an acyl-CoA oxoanion that results from the removal of all five protons from the phosphate and carboxylic acid groups of (3S)-3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA. It is a carboxylic acid anion and an acyl-CoA oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a (3S)-3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 2-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a metabolite of phenylalanine and is excreted in the urine of patients suffering from diseases like phenylketonuria. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acetic acid and a phenol. It is a conjugate acid of a (2-hydroxyphenyl)acetate. 
it is an organic phosphoramidate anion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphoramidate and carboxy groups as well as protonation of the amino group of it; major species at pH 7.3. It is an organic phosphoramidate anion and an alpha-amino-acid anion. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and hydroxyaldehyde that is erythrodiol in which the primary hydroxy group at position 28 has been oxidised to the corresponding aldehyde. It is found in grapes and olives. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a secondary alcohol and a hydroxyaldehyde. It derives from an erythrodiol. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is the organic bromide salt of a 5alpha-androstane compound having 3alpha-acetoxy-, 17beta-acetoxy-, 2beta-piperidinino- and 16beta-N-methylpiperidinium substituents. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a neuromuscular agent and a muscle relaxant. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains a vecuronium. It derives from a 5alpha-androstane. it is the bromide salt form of vecuronium, a synthetic steroid derivative of the naturally occurring alkaloids of curare with a muscle relaxant property. it competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This leads to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it is a member of the class of fluoren-9-ones that is 9H-fluoren-9-one which is substituted by a 2-(diethylamino)ethoxy group at positions 2 and 7. It is an interferon inducer and a selective alpha7 nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (alpha7 nAChR) agonist. Its hydrochloride salt is used as an antiviral drug. It has a role as an antiviral agent, an interferon inducer, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is a member of fluoren-9-ones, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a diether. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). it is a orally available small molecule interferon inducer that is used as an antiviral agent. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining loperamide with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used for treatment of diarrhoea resulting from gastroenteritis or inflammatory bowel disease. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an antidiarrhoeal drug and an anticoronaviral agent. It contains a loperamide(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of loperamide, a synthetic, piperidine derivative and opioid agonist with antidiarrheal activity. Loperamide acts on the mu-receptors in the intestinal mucosa. This leads to a decrease in gastrointestinal motility by decreasing the circular and longitudinal smooth muscle activity of the intestinal wall. This slows intestinal transit and allows for more water and electrolyte absorption from the intestines. Loperamide is not significantly absorbed from the gut and does not cross the blood-brain barrier. Therefore it has no central nervous system effects. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Flash point 115Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May be moderately toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption. it is an alkylbenzene that is benzene carrying an isopropyl group. 
Hydroperoxide formed by the oxidation of tetralin, a DuPont product, used as a turpentine replacement. The technical grade hydroperoxide is a liquid and will have a residual odor of benzene/menthol. 
it is a cyclohexadienecarboxylic acid having the C=C bonds at the 1- and 3-positions, the carboxylic acid at the 1-position and two hydroxy substituents at the 5- and 6-positions. It is a cyclohexadienecarboxylic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-dihydroxy-2,3-dihydrobenzoate. 
it is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid that consists of (4Z,7Z,10Z,12E,16Z,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid bearing an additional 14-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a hydroxydocosahexaenoic acid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
2-(3, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrogallols and derivatives. Pyrogallols and derivatives are compounds containing a 1, 2, 3-trihydroxybenzene moiety. 2-(3, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a hydrate of cephalexin consisting of equimolar amounts of hydrate and cephalexin. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a cephalexin. Cephalexin is a beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cephalexin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linking of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to second and third generation cephalosporins, cephalexin is more active against gram-positive and less active against gram-negative organisms. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02607228 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics, and Pharmacodynamics of it as a Single Agent and In Combination With Enzalutamide in Participants With Metastatic Castrate-Resistant Prostate Cancer). 
it is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 2 and 6. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6-dimethylbenzoate. 
it, also known as fema 2879, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a monoterpene that is bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane substituted by methy groups at positions 1, 3 and 3. It is a monoterpene, a terpenoid fundamental parent and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is a it anion that is the conjugate base of phenol obtained by deprotonation of the OH group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a phenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthridines and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthridine moiety, which is a tricyclic system with two benzene rings joined by a pyridine forming a non-linear skeleton. Hydrogenated derivatives are also included. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dibenzoazepine that is 10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenzo[b,f]azepine which is substituted by chlorine at position 3 and in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 3-(dimethylamino)propyl group. One of the more sedating tricyclic antidepressants, it is used as the hydrochloride salt for the treatment of depression as well as obsessive-compulsive disorder and phobias. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, a serotonergic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, an EC 1.8.1.12 (trypanothione-disulfide reductase) inhibitor, an antidepressant and an anticoronaviral agent. It derives from an imipramine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a tricyclic antidepressant that acts by reducing the re-uptake of norepinephrine and serotonin in the central nervous system, thereby enhancing the effects of these neurotransmitters. This drug also binds to alpha-adrenergic, histaminergic, and cholinergic receptors which are responsible for the many side effects seen with this agent. 
it is an aldehyde that consists of acetaldehyde bearing a methyl substituent; the parent member of the it class of compounds. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde and a member of its. 
it is a sulfonamide incorporating 2-carboxybenzamido and 1,3-thiazol-2-yl moieties that is a broad-spectrum antibiotic indicated in the treatment of dysentery, colitis, gastroenteritis and intestinal surgery. It is a sulfonamide, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a phthalic acid. it is a broad spectrum antimicrobial agent. it is used in the treatment of dysentery, colitis, and gastroenteritis. 
it is an aromatic diazonium ion consiting of a benzene core with diazonium and trimethylammonium groups para to one another. It is an aromatic diazonium ion and a quaternary ammonium ion. 
Rare gas and oxygen mixture is a colorless odorless gas. Both gases are noncombustible; however, oxygen will accelerate the combustion of a fire. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a N2-acyl-L-ornithine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N(2)-succinyl-L-ornithinate(1-). 
DT6 is an oligonucleotide comprised of six thymidine residues connected via 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. It has a role as an epitope. It contains a thymidine 5'-monophosphate residue. 
it is the beta-anomer of dTDP-L-rhamnose. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a dTDP-L-mannose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
N4-Hydroxyctidine, or EIDD-1931, is a ribonucleoside analog which induces mutations in RNA virions. it was first described in the literature in 1980 as a potent mutagen of bacteria and phage. It has shown antiviral activity against Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus, and the human coronavirus HCoV-NL63 in vitro. N4-hydroxycytodine has been shown to inhibit SARS-CoV-2 as well as other human and bat coronaviruses in mice and human airway epithelial cells. It is orally bioavailable in mice and distributes into tissue before becoming the active 5â€™-triphosphate form, which is incorporated into the genome of new virions, resulting in the accumulation of inactivating mutations. In non-human primates, it was poorly orally bioavailable. A [remdesivir] resistant mutant mouse hepatitis virus has also been shown to have increased sensitivity to it. The prodrug of it, [EIDD-2801], is also being investigated for its broad spectrum activity against the coronavirus family of viruses. 
it has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung. it is a salicylic acid derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it dislodges all Ras isoforms from their membrane-anchoring sites, thereby preventing activation of RAS signaling cascades that mediated cell proliferation, differentiation, and senescence. RAS signaling is believed to be abnormally activated in one-third of human cancers, including cancers of the pancreas, colon, lung and breast. 
it is a colorless liquid with a penetrating odor. It is slightly soluble in water. It is corrosive to metals and to tissue. it is a C5, branched-chain saturated fatty acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acid, a methylbutyric acid and a branched-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isovalerate. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-asparagine and L-aspartic acid joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-aspartic acid. 
it is a myo-inositol tetrakisphosphate having the four phosphates placed in the 1-, 3-, 4- and 5-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
it is an N-sulfonylurea obtained by formal condensation of [(3-methylphenyl)amino]pyridine-3-sulfonic acid with the free amino group of N-isopropylurea. It is a potent loop diuretic used for the treatment of hypertension and edema in patients with congestive heart failure. It has a role as a loop diuretic and an antihypertensive agent. It is a N-sulfonylurea, an aminopyridine and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a 4-aminopyridine. it is an anilinopyridine sulfonylurea belonging to the class of loop diuretics. it has a prolonged duration of action compared to other loop diuretics, is extensively protein bound in plasma and has a relatively long half-life. 
it is an oral, fixed combination of antiviral agents that is used to treat chronic hepatitis C, genotypes 1 and 4. This combination has been associated with low rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but has not been implicated in cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a spinosyn in which the sugar amino and hydroxy groups are globally methylated with an additional methyl substituent attached to the tetracyclic skeleton. One of the two active ingredients of spinosad. It has a role as a pediculicide. It is a spinosyn and a spinosyn insecticide. 
it is a member of the class of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes that is p-cresol in which the methyl group is perfluorinated. It is a metabolite of the drug fluoxetine. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It derives from a (trifluoromethyl)benzene and a p-cresol. 
it is a preparation containing a mixture of glycosidic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces olivoreticuli with fluorescent microscopy applications and potential antineoplastic activities. it preferentially binds to DNA and can be utilized as a fluorescent marker during the characterization of heterochromatin. Additionally, binding to DNA inhibits both RNA transcription and RNA elongation by RNA polymerase; therefore protein synthesis is inhibited. In addition, it antibiotics are able to induce apoptosis in tumor cells through a mechanism that has not yet been fully elucidated. 
Irinotecan hydrochloride hydrate is a hydrate that is the trihydrate form of irinotecan hydrochloride. Onivyde is used in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin, for the treatment of patients with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas after disease progression following gemcitabine-based therapy. It is converted via hydrolysis of the carbamate linkage to its active metabolite, SN-38, which is ~1000 times more active. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. It contains an irinotecan hydrochloride (anhydrous). Irinotecan Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of a semisynthetic derivative of camptothecin, a cytotoxic, quinoline-based alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree Camptotheca acuminata. Irinotecan, a prodrug, is converted to a biologically active metabolite 7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-camptothecin (SN-38) by a carboxylesterase-converting enzyme. One thousand-fold more potent than its parent compound irinotecan, SN-38 inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA, resulting in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptotic cell death. Because ongoing DNA synthesis is necessary for irinotecan to exert its cytotoxic effects, it is classified as an S-phase-specific agent. 
it is a nucleobase analogue that is thymine in which the CH group at position 6 is replaced by nitrogen. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite and an EC 2.6.1.40 [(R)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate--pyruvate transaminase] inhibitor. It is a cyclic ketone, a member of 1,2,4-triazines and a nucleobase analogue. 
it, liquid appears as a reddish-yellow fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Fumes are irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes. Solidifies at 37Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used to make other chemicals, and in chemical analysis. 
it is a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde that is (2E)-hept-2-ene which is carrying an oxo group at position 1. Found in the peel of Malaysian pink and white pomelo peel and in the scent gland secretion of the rice stink bug Oebalus pugnax. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a uremic toxin. It is an enal, a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. 
it is an organic heterohexacyclic compound that is a mycotoxic indole alkaloid isolated from Penicillium and Aspergillus species. It has a role as a mycotoxin, a potassium channel blocker, a GABA modulator, an Aspergillus metabolite and a Penicillium metabolite. It is an indole alkaloid, a diol, an aromatic ether, an organic peroxide and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 
it is a HETE having a (5S)-hydroxy group and (6E)-, (8Z)-, (11Z)- and (14Z)-double bonds. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an icosa-6,8,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a tetraric acid that is butanedioic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-carboxy-2,3-dihydroxypropanoate. it is a white crystalline dicarboxylic acid found in many plants, particularly tamarinds and grapes. it is used to generate carbon dioxide through interaction with sodium bicarbonate following oral administration. Carbon dioxide extends the stomach and provides a negative contrast medium during double contrast radiography. In high doses, this agent acts as a muscle toxin by inhibiting the production of malic acid, which could cause paralysis and maybe death. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is coniferol attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cinnamyl alcohol beta-D-glucoside, an aromatic ether and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a coniferol. 
it is a 2',3'-cyclic pyrimidine nucleotide that is CMP in which the hydroxy groups at the 2' and 3' positions have been converted into the corresponding cyclic phosphate. It is a cytidine 5'-phosphate and a 2',3'-cyclic pyrimidine nucleotide. It derives from a cytidine 5'-monophosphate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of cycrimine. A central anticholinergic, it is used as its hydrochloride salt in the management and treatment of Parkinson's disease. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antiparkinson drug. It contains a cycrimine. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-methionine, L-serine, and L-arginine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-methionine, a L-serine and a L-arginine. 
it is the L-enantiomer of arabinonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-arabinonate. It is an enantiomer of a D-arabinonic acid. 
it is a member of the class of pyridopyrimidines that is 2-methyl-6,7,8,9-tetrahydropyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidin-4-one carrying an additional 2-[4-(6-fluoro-1,2-benzoxazol-3-yl)piperidin-1-yl]ethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist, a second generation antipsychotic, a dopaminergic antagonist, a psychotropic drug and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a pyridopyrimidine, an organofluorine compound, a heteroarylpiperidine and a member of 1,2-benzoxazoles. it is a benzisoxazole derivative with antipsychotic property. it selectively antagonizes serotonin (5-HT) effects via cortical 5-HT2 receptor, and, to a lesser extent, competes with dopamine at the limbic dopamine D2 receptor. The antagonism leads to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, it has low to moderate affinity for histamine H1, 5-HT1A, 5-HT1C, and 5-HT1D receptors, while it has weak affinity for dopamine D1 and haloperidol-sensitive sigma site receptors. 
it is a indol-3-yl carboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-(indol-3-yl)pyruvic acid It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid anion and a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 3-(indol-3-yl)pyruvic acid. 
Natamycin is a polyene amphoteric macrolide antibiotic with antifungal properties. Natamycin exerts its antifungal effects by binding to sterols in the fungal cell membrane thereby increasing membrane permeability. This leads to a leakage and loss of essential cellular constituents. Following ocular application, natamycin is retained in the conjunctival fornices and attains effective concentrations within the corneal stroma where it exerts its effect. 
Exatecan Mesylate is a semisynthetic, water-soluble derivative of camptothecin with antineoplastic activity. Exatecan mesylate inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA and inhibiting religation of DNA breaks, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and triggering apoptotic cell death. This agent does not require enzymatic activation and exhibits greater potency than camptothecin and other camptothecin analogues. (NCI04) 
it appears as a dark blue crystalline solid with a faint odor of ammonia. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used as a pesticide, to print fabrics, and to make other copper compounds. 
it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and antipruritic activities. it binds the glucocorticoid receptor, followed by translocation of the ligand-receptor complex to the nucleus and transcription activation of genes containing glucocorticoid-responsive elements. Lipocortin-1 is one factor induced by it that interacts with and inhibits cytosolic phospholipase 2 alpha, thereby preventing phospholipase translocation to the perinuclear membrane and subsequent release and conversion of arachidonic acid to inflammatory prostaglandins. In addition, MAPK phosphatase 1 is induced, thereby preventing the triggering of the MAPK cascade resulting in pro-inflammatory effects via Jun N-terminal kinase and c-Jun. Finally, it binds to and inhibits nuclear factor kappa-B directly, resulting in inhibition of cyclooxygenase 2 transcription and subsequent prostaglandin synthesis. 
A stable prostaglandin endoperoxide analog which serves as a thromboxane mimetic. Its actions include mimicking the hydro-osmotic effect of VASOPRESSIN and activation of TYPE C PHOSPHOLIPASES. (From J Pharmacol Exp Ther 1983;224(1): 108-117; Biochem J 1984;222(1):103-110) 
it is a 5-membered heterocyclic compound, which is substituted in the 2-position with a methyl group and which is often used as a monomer in polymerisation reactions. 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine with a methyl substituent at the 4-position and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent and a drug allergen. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a long-acting sulfanilamide antibacterial agent. it inhibits bacterial synthesis of dihydrofolic acid by competing with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) for the binding site on dihydropteroate synthase. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is 2,3,3a,12a-tetrahydroanthra[2,3-b]furo[3,2-d]furan-5,10-dione carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 4, 6 and 8. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a cyclic acetal, a polyphenol and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an odorless white to creamy-white crystalline powder. Bitter taste. pH (3% solution):4.5-6. pH (10% solution) 4.2-5.5. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of phenylpropanolamine, an alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with sympathomimetic activity. Phenylpropanolamine binds to and activates alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract resulting in vasoconstriction and reduction in swelling of nasal mucous membranes and reduction in tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion. This agent also stimulates the release of norepinephrine from its storage sites resulting in the effects already described. Finally, phenylpropanolamine indirectly stimulates beta-receptors producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect. 
it is isoipecoside in which the acetyl group attaced to the nitrogen is replaced by hydrogen. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a beta-D-glucoside, a member of isoquinolines and a methyl ester. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Demethoxyaschantin is a member of the class of furofurans that is tetrahydro-1H,3H-furo[3,4-c]furan-1-yl]-1,3-benzodioxole carrying an additional 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furofuran, a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of benzodioxoles. 
it is a methanesulfonate ester that is methanesulfonic acid in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a 3,3-dimethyl-2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-5-yl group. It is a metabolite of the herbicide ethofumesate. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a methanesulfonate ester, a member of 1-benzofurans and a gamma-lactone. 
it is a phlorotanin that is 1,1'-bioxanthrene substituted by 3,5-dihydroxyphenoxy groups at position 6 and 6' and hydroxy groups at positions 2, 2', 4, 4', 7, 7', 9 and 9' respectively. It is isolated from an edible marine brown alga Ecklonia cava and exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as a metabolite, a radical scavenger and an anti-HIV-1 agent. It is a phlorotannin, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
it is a pentahydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 3', 4' and 5'. It is a pentahydroxyflavanone, a 3',5'-dihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. 
it is a hydroxyflavan that is (2S)-flavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 3', a methoxy group at position 4' and a methyl group at position 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyflavan and a methoxyflavan. It derives from a hydride of a (2S)-flavan. 
it is a naphthaldehyde that is naphthalene substituted by a formyl group at position 2. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
it is a 17-hydroxy steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. it is a synthetic progestin commonly used alone or in combination with an estrogen for contraception. it suppresses the secretion of luteinizing and follicle-stimulating hormones (LH and FSH), thickens cervical mucus, and slows the transit of ova through the fallopian tubes. This agent also exhibits antiproliferative activity in endometrial tissue and may exhibit chemopreventive and antineoplastic activities in endometrial carcinoma. (NCI04) 
it is a carboxamidine, a formamidine insecticide, a formamidine acaricide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as an antifeedant. 
it is an S-alkyl thiosulfate having 2-(dimethylamino)ethyl as the alkyl group. It is a S-alkyl thiosulfate and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a it in which the oxygen replaced by sulfur is that at C-4. It has a role as an affinity label and an antimetabolite. It is a it and a nucleoside analogue. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefuroxime and a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inactivating penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of the cell wall. Lack of cross-linking results in a reduction of cell wall stability and leads to cell lysis. 
it is a chlorocatechol that iscatechol in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 have been replaced by methyl and chlorine, respectively. It is a chlorocatechol, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a methylcatechol. 
it is a very long-chain fatty acid that is hexacosanoic (cerotic) acid substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a very long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexacosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyhexacosanoate. 
Dehydro-1, 8-cineole, also known as 1, 8-it or 1, 8-cineole dehydro, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrans. Pyrans are compounds containing a pyran ring, which is a six-member heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring with five carbon atoms, one oxygen atom and two ring double bonds. Dehydro-1, 8-cineole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dehydro-1, 8-cineole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Dehydro-1, 8-cineole is a lemon and mint tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices, sweet bay, and tea. This makes dehydro-1, 8-cineole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01705847 (A Phase 1b Study Evaluating it in Subjects With Lymphoid Malignancies). it is an inhibitor of the beta and delta isoforms of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class IA phosphoinositide-3 kinases (PI3K) with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits the activity of PI3K, thereby preventing the production of the second messenger phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate (PIP3), which decreases tumor cell proliferation and induces cell death. PI3K-mediated signaling is often dysregulated in cancer cells; the targeted inhibition of PI3K is designed to preserve PI3K signaling in normal, non-neoplastic cells. 
it is a hydroxamic acid that is (3S)-N-hydroxy-2,2-dimethylthiomorpholine-3-carboxamide in which the hydrogen attached to the thiomorpholine nitrogen has been replaced by a [4-(pyridin-4-yloxy)phenyl]sulfonyl group. It is a selective inhibitor with of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) 2, 3, 9, 13, and 14. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor and an EC 3.4.24.35 (gelatinase B) inhibitor. It is a hydroxamic acid, a member of thiomorpholines, a sulfonamide, an aromatic ether and a member of pyridines. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic hydroxamic acid derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) (specifically, MMP-2, 9, 13, and 14), thereby inducing extracellular matrix degradation, and inhibiting angiogenesis, tumor growth and invasion, and metastasis. As a lipophilic agent, it crosses the blood-brain barrier. (NCI04) 
it is an iridodial that is (1R,2R)-2-[(2R)-1-oxopropan-2-yl]cyclopentanecarbaldehyde substituted by a methyl group at position 2 (2S-stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is allantoic acid in which one of the aminocarbonyl groups is replaced by hydrogen. It is a member of ureas and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the monohydrate form of D-glucose, a natural monosaccharide and carbohydrate. Dextrose serves to replenish lost nutrients and electrolytes. The agent provides metabolic energy and is the primary ingredient in oral rehydration salts (ORS) and is used in intravenous (IV) fluids to provide nutrients to patients under intensive care who are unable to receive them by the oral route. Solutions containing dextrose restore blood glucose levels, provide calories, may aid in minimizing liver glycogen depletion and exerts a protein-sparing action. Dextrose also plays a role in the production of proteins and in lipid metabolism. 
it, a spermine metabolite of cholesterol, is a naturally occurring aminosterol that inhibits protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B. It has demonstrated the ability to stimulate regeneration of heart and multiple other tissues in animal models. it is a naturally-occurring cholestane and non-competitive, allosteric inhibitor of protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B), with potential hypoglycemic, anti-diabetic, anti-obesity, and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it selectively targets and inhibits PTP1B, thereby preventing PTP1B-mediated signaling. This prevents the dephosphorylation of the insulin receptor, which improves insulin signaling and insulin sensitivity, and decreases blood glucose levels. In susceptible cancer cells, inhibition of PTP1B causes a reduction of tumor cell proliferation. In addition, as it can cross the blood-brain barrier (BBB), it centrally suppresses appetite and causes weight loss. PTP1B, a tyrosine phosphatase, is elevated in certain cancer cells; it is specifically upregulated in human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-driven cancers where it promotes cell growth, and is correlated with a poor prognosis and increased metastatic potential. In diabetes, PTP1B upregulation plays a major role in insulin resistance. 
it is a retinoid, a member of benzoic acids and a member of naphthalenes. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. it is a synthetic retinoic acid agent with potential antineoplastic, chemopreventive, teratogenic and embryotoxic properties. it selectively binds to and activates retinoid X receptors (RXRs), thereby inducing changes in gene expression that lead to cell differentiation, decreased cell proliferation, apoptosis of some cancer cell types, and tumor regression. (NCI04) 
it, also known as ent-kaurenal or kaur-16-en-18-al, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ent-16-kauren-19-al is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ent-16-kauren-19-al can be found in fruits and sunflower. This makes ent-16-kauren-19-al a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of octanol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an octan-1-ol. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from deprotonation of the carboxy group of keto-phenylpyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a chromogenic compound and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and a it. It derives from a pyruvate. It is a conjugate base of a keto-phenylpyruvic acid. 
it is a bicyclic structure comprising a pyrazole ring fused to a hydroxy-substituted pyrimidine ring. It has a role as a radical scavenger, a gout suppressant, an antimetabolite and an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor. It is an organic heterobicyclic compound and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-pyrazolo[4,3-d]pyrimidine. it is a structural isomer of hypoxanthine. it inhibits xanthine oxidase, an enzyme that converts oxypurines to uric acid. By blocking the production of uric acid, this agent decreases serum and urine concentrations of uric acid, thereby providing protection against uric acid-mediated end organ damage in conditions associated with excessive production of uric acid, i.e. the massive cell lysis associated with the treatment of some malignancies. (NCI04) 
it is a long-chain, divinyl ether fatty acid composed of 8-nonenoic acid in which the E-hydrogen at position 9 is substituted by a (1E,3Z,6Z)-nona-1,3,6-trien-1-yloxy group. It is a straight-chain fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a divinyl ether fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a colnelenate. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet and cooked taste. 
it appears as a liquid. Insoluble in water and slightly less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Poisonous by ingestion and moderately toxic by inhalation and skin contact. Irritating to skin and eyes. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate. 
2-(Ethylsulfonylmethyl)phenyl methylcarbamate, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenyl methylcarbamates. These are aromatic compounds containing a methylcarbamic acid esterified with a phenyl group. 2-(Ethylsulfonylmethyl)phenyl methylcarbamate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-(ethylsulfonylmethyl)phenyl methylcarbamate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a pinkish to white crystalline solid with a phenolic odor. Melting point 64-66Â°C. Shipped as a solid or in a liquid carrier. Soluble in aqueous base. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used as an external germicide. Used as a preservative in paints and inks. it is a hydroxytoluene that is 3-methylphenol which is substituted by a chlorine at position 4. A ryanodine receptor agonist. It has a role as a ryanodine receptor agonist, an antimicrobial agent and a disinfectant. It is a hydroxytoluene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a macrolide comprising a fourteen-membered lactone fused to 1,3-dihydroxybenzene; a potent estrogenic metabolite produced by some Giberella species. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a mycoestrogen. It is a macrolide and a member of resorcinols. 
it is a white granular solid. Decomposes at approximately 275Â°F (changes to white puffy solid), then slowly darkens until total decomposition at approximately 464Â°F. (NTP, 1992) 
1-[(1S,2S,4S,5R)-4-hydroxy-5-(hydroxymethyl)bicyclo[3.1.0]hexan-2-yl]thymine is a carbobicyclic compound that is bicyclo[3.1.0]hexane which is substituted at the 2-pro-S, 4-pro-S and 5-pro-R positions by thymin-1-yl, hydroxy, and hydroxymethyl groups, respectively. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a C-glycosyl pyrimidine and a pyrimidone. It derives from a thymine. 
it is a cyclitol ester that is 1D-myo-inositol bearing a indol-3-acetyl substituent at position 1. It is a member of indoles, a cyclitol ester and an indoleacetic acid ester conjugate. It derives from a myo-inositol. 
it is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of ammonium magnesium phosphate. It is a constituent of urinary calculi. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is a hydrate and a phosphate mineral. It contains an ammonium magnesium phosphate. 
it is an O-acyl-L-carnitine where the acyl group specified is acetyl. It facilitates movement of acetyl-CoA into the matrices of mammalian mitochondria during the oxidation of fatty acids. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an O-it and a saturated fatty acyl-L-carnitine. It derives from a carnitine. It is an enantiomer of an O-acetyl-D-carnitine. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of atomoxetine. It has a role as an antidepressant and an adrenergic uptake inhibitor. It contains an atomoxetine. it is the hydrochloride salt of atomoxetine, a phenoxy-3-propylamine derivative and selective non-stimulant, norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor with cognitive-enhancing activity. Although its precise mechanism of action is unknown, atomoxetine appears to selectively inhibit the pre-synaptic norepinephrine transporter, resulting in inhibition of the presynaptic reabsorption of norepinephrine and prolongation of norepinephrine activity in the synaptic cleft. The effect on cognitive brain function may result in improved attention and decreased impulsivity and activity levels. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol acetate substituted by a methyl groups at positions 2, 2 and 4 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is an acetate ester, a member of chromenes and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it, also known as vescalene or castalagin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, vescalagin can be found in nuts. This makes vescalagin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a gadolinium-based paramagnetic contrast agent. When placed in a magnetic field, it produces a large magnetic moment and so a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons; as a result, the signal intensity of tissue images observed with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be enhanced. Because this agent is preferentially taken up by normal functioning hepatocytes, normal hepatic tissue is enhanced with MRI while tumor tissue is unenhanced. In addition, because it is excreted in the bile, it may be used to visualize the biliary system using MRI. 
it is a 1,4-benzoquinone having a methoxy substituent at the 2-position and a pentyl substituent at the 6-position. It has a role as a hapten, a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antifeedant and an allergen. 
Norcocaine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. Norcocaine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, norcocaine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an acylated sulfhydryl-containing derivative of glycine with reducing and complexing properties. it breaks the disulphide bond of cystine and binds the sulfhydryl group of the resultant cysteine monomers to form a soluble it-cysteine-mixed disulfide, which is more water-soluble than cystine and is readily excreted. This leads to a reduction in urinary cystine concentration and subsequently reduces cystine stone formation. 
it is a member of the class of benzoxazoles that is 2,3-dihydro-1,3-benzoxazole carrying an oxo group at position 2. It has a role as an allelochemical and a phytoalexin. 
it is a 3-hydroxymethylcephalosporin having a (5-amino-5-carboxypentanoyl)amino group at the 7-position. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
2, 2-Dimethyloxirane, also known as 1, 2-it or 1, 2-epoxy-isobutane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as epoxides. Epoxides are compounds containing a cyclic ether with three ring atoms(one oxygen and two carbon atoms). 2, 2-Dimethyloxirane is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 2-dimethyloxirane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 2-dimethyloxirane can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 2-dimethyloxirane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
4-Ethyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol, also known as it or 2, 6-dimethoxy-4-ethylphenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 4-Ethyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is oxytocin in which the hydrogen on the phenolic hydroxy group is substituted by methyl, the amino group on the cysteine residue is substituted by hydrogen, and the sulfur of the cysteine residue is replaced by a methylene group. A synthetic carba-analogue of oxytocin, it is used to control bleeding after giving birth. Like oxytocin, it causes contraction of the uterus. It has a role as an oxytocic. 
it, also known as 3-chlorohippate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hippuric acids. Hippuric acids are compounds containing hippuric acid, which consists of a of a benzoyl group linked to the N-terminal of a glycine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Canagliflozin hydrate is a hydrate that is the hemihydrate form of canagliflozin. Used for treatment of type II diabetes via inhibition of sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a sodium-glucose transport protein subtype 2 inhibitor. It contains a canagliflozin. Canagliflozin is a C-glucoside with a thiophene ring that is an orally available inhibitor of sodium-glucose transporter 2 (SGLT2) with antihyperglycemic activity. Canagliflozin is also able to reduce body weight and has a low risk for hypoglycemia. 
it is a halide anion formed when chlorine picks up an electron to form an an anion. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a cofactor. It is a halide anion and a monoatomic chlorine. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it. it is a chlorine anion that forms the negatively charged part of certain salts, including sodium and hydrogen it salts, and is an essential electrolyte located in all body fluids responsible for maintaining acid/base balance, transmitting nerve impulses and regulating fluid in and out of cells. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkaloids and derivatives. These are naturally occurring chemical compounds that contain mostly basic nitrogen atoms. This group also includes some related compounds with neutral and even weakly acidic properties. Also some synthetic compounds of similar structure are attributed to alkaloids. In addition to carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen, alkaloids may also contain oxygen, sulfur and more rarely other elements such as chlorine, bromine, and phosphorus. it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, homoarecoline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, homoarecoline can be found in nuts. This makes homoarecoline a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 1,2-diglyceride obtained by the formal acylation of positions 1 and 2 of glycerol by hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid. It is a 1,2-diglyceride and a dihexadecanoylglycerol. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a amino cyclitol glycoside that is kanamycin B lacking the 3-hydroxy substituent from the 2,6-diaminoglucose ring. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antimicrobial agent and a toxin. It derives from a kanamycin B. It is a conjugate base of a it(5+). it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces tenebrarius with bacteriostatic activity. Following active transport into the cell, it binds irreversibly to a specific aminoglycoside receptor on the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interferes with the initiation complex between messenger RNA and the 30S subunit, thereby inhibiting initiation of protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. In addition, it induces misreading of the mRNA template causing incorrect amino acids to be incorporated into the growing polypeptide chain, consequently interfering with protein elongation. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Hepatitis C and Hepatocellular Carcinoma. it is an orally bioavailable, synthetic, highly selective adenosine A3 receptor (A3AR) agonist with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and activates the cell surface-expressed A3AR, deregulating Wnt and NF-kB signal transduction pathways downstream, which may result in apoptosis of A3AR-expressing tumor cells. A3AR, a G protein-coupled receptor, is highly expressed on the cell surfaces of various solid tumor cell types, including hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells, and plays an important role in cellular proliferation. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is the 2-oxo derivative of isovaleric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-methyl-2-oxobutanoate. It is a tautomer of a 2-hydroxy-3-methyl-2-butenoic acid. 
Taurocholate is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of taurocholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organosulfonate oxoanion and a cholanic acid conjugate anion. It is a conjugate base of a taurocholic acid. 
it, also known as pipecolic acid betaine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral it has been primarily detected in feces. Within the cell, (S)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-it can be found in alfalfa, herbs and spices, and pulses. This makes (S)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of spectinomycin, an aminocyclitol antibiotic derived from Streptomyces spectabilis with antibacterial property. it binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide elongation and protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. 
it, solution is a colorless watery liquid with a sharp, irritating odor. Consists of it, a gas, dissolved in water. Sinks and mixes with water. Produces irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) Chlorine atom is a halogen. It has a role as a micronutrient. 
it is a monochlorobenzoic acid having the chloro group at the 2-position. It has a role as a plant hormone and a plant metabolite. It is a monochlorobenzoic acid and a 2-halobenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-chlorobenzoate. 
N-ethyl-n-benzylaniline appears as a colorless to light colored liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it is an agent belonging to the glitazone class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic activity. it also appears to decrease triacylglycerol levels in animal studies. 
it is a CMP-sugar having N,N-diacetyllegionaminic acid as the sugar component. It derives from a legionaminic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a CMP-N,N-diacetyllegionaminate(2-). 
it appears as light brown crystals or brown granular solid. (NTP, 1992) 1,3-it is a primary amino compound that is 1,3-thiazole substituted by an amino group at position 2. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles and a primary amino compound. 
2-(4-cyclohexyl-1-naphthyl)propanoic acid is a member of the class of naphthalenes that is propionic acid in which one of the alpha-hydrogens is replaced by a 4-cyclohexyl-1-naphthyl group. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of naphthalenes. It derives from a propionic acid. 
it is a nucleoside 5'-diphosphate(3-) obtained by deprotonation of the three diphosphate OH groups of guanosine 5'-diphosphate (GMP); major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a GDP(2-). 
it is a ketoaldonate that is the conjugate base of N-acetylneuraminic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetylneuraminic acid. 
it, also known as fema 3753 or isobutyric acid, 2-methylphenyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methylphenyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a berry, medical, and phenolic taste. 
Ethyl crotonate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
Watery odorless colorless liquid. Denser than water and soluble in water. Hence sinks in and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a hexose with a (potential) aldehyde group at one end. It is an aldose and a hexose. Anhydrous Dextrose is the anhydrous form of D-glucose, a natural monosaccharide and carbohydrate. Dextrose serves to replenish lost nutrients and electrolytes. The agent provides metabolic energy and is the primary ingredient in oral rehydration salts (ORS) and is used in intravenous (IV) fluids to provide nutrients to patients under intensive care who are unable to receive them by the oral route. Solutions containing dextrose restore blood glucose levels and provide calories and may aid in minimizing liver glycogen depletion and exerts a protein-sparing action. Dextrose anhydrous also plays a role in the production of proteins and in lipid metabolism. 
it is a omega-hydroxy fatty acid that is butyric acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 4 respectively. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid and a hydroxybutyric acid. 
it is a homodetic cyclic peptide composed of L-alanyl, L-tryptophyl, L-threonyl, L-prolylglycyl, L-leucyl and L-asparaginyl residues linked in a sequence. It is isolated from the seeds of Annona montana and has been shown to exhibit anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having xanthine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a it. It is a conjugate acid of a 5'-xanthylate(2-). 
it is an imidazolidinone-based aldosterone antagonist with potassium-sparing diuretic activity. it antagonizes aldosterone at the mineralocorticoid receptor in the kidneys, thereby increasing sodium excretion and inhibiting potassium excretion. 
Synthetic phospholipid used in liposomes and lipid bilayers to study biological membranes. It is also a major constituent of PULMONARY SURFACTANTS. 
it is a clear colorless liquids with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point 25Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a straight-chain alkane with seven carbon atoms. It has been found in Jeffrey pine (Pinus jeffreyi). It has a role as a non-polar solvent and a plant metabolite. It is a volatile organic compound and an alkane. 
JB 323 is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it anhydrous is a polyvalent chelating agent used to treat hypercalcemia and digitalis toxicity associated ventricular arrhythmias. it is the disodium salt form of edetate, a heavy metal chelating agent with anti-hypercalcemic and anti-arrhythmic properties. Edetate, a heavy metal antagonist, chelates divalent and trivalent metals, forming soluble stable complexes which are readily excreted by the kidneys, thereby can be used to lower serum calcium concentrations. In addition, this agent exerts a negative inotropic effect on the heart through a transiently induced hypocalcemic state, thereby antagonizing the inotropic and chronotropic effects of digitalis glycosides on the ventricles of the heart. Upon ocular administration, edetate exerts its ophthalmic effect by chelating calcium to form soluble complexes, thereby removing corneal calcium deposits. 
it (2-cyanaziridinyl-2-carbamoyl-aziridinyl-1-propane) is a derivative of 2-cyanaziridine. Immunostimulant which shows therapeutic effects in tumor models and experimental infections in vitro, enhancing T lymphocyte transformation and phagocytosis. The mode of action of it is unknown. It has been suggested that it may alkylate DNA. In cancer patients it increases leukocytosis, blood active T rosettes, T4/T8 ratio, and is used as an adjuvant to chemotherapy in the treatment of melanoma and myeloma. 
it is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of calcium chloride. It is a calcium salt, a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and a halide mineral. It contains a calcium dichloride. 
it is a 1,3-oxazole which is substituted by a [(2,4-dioxoimidazolidin-1-yl)imino]methyl group at position 2 and a 4-bromophenyl group at position 5. It is a muscle relaxant used for the treatment/prevention of malignant hyperthermia. It has a role as a ryanodine receptor modulator and a muscle relaxant. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles, a member of bromobenzenes and an imidazolidine-2,4-dione. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is an organic anion that is the conjugate base of losartan, obtained from the deprotonation of the tetrazole NH group. Major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a losartan. it is the potassium salt of losartan, a non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity. Losartan selectively and competitively binds to the angiotensin II receptor (type AT1) and blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the receptor, thus promoting vasodilatation and counteracting the effects of aldosterone. Converted from angiotensin I by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), angiotensin II stimulates the adrenal cortex to synthesize and secrete aldosterone, decreasing sodium excretion and increasing potassium excretion, and acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. 
it, also known as chloropeptide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hybrid peptides. Hybrid peptides are compounds containing at least two different types of amino acids (alpha, beta, gamma, delta) linked to each other through a peptide bond. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cyclochlorotine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a dicarboximide resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of 4-(1,1,1,3,3,3-hexafluoro-2-methoxypropan-2-yl)-3-isobutylaniline with isobutyric acid and with 1,3,5-trimethylpyrazole-4-carboxylic acid. Developed by Nihon Nohyaku Co. Ltd. (Japan), it is a pro-acaricide, with its metabolite (the -NH form lacking the isubutanoyl group) exhibiting high activity on mitochondrial complex II. It has been reported to be very effective in controlling spider mites (Tetranychus, Oligonychus, and Panonychus species) during all life stages. It is a member of pyrazoles, a dicarboximide, an organofluorine acaricide and an ether. 
it is a 3beta-sterol formed formally by loss of a methyl group from the 14-position of lanosterol. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a lanosterol. 
Pan-VEGFR/TIE2 Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) and Tie2 receptor tyrosine kinases with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. Pan-VEGFR/Tie2 tyrosine kinase inhibitor it selectively binds to VEGFR and Tie2 receptor tyrosine kinases, which may result in the inhibition of endothelial cell migration, proliferation and survival and the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and tumor cell death. VEGFR and Tie2 are frequently overexpressed by a variety of tumor cell types and play crucial roles in the regulation of angiogenesis and the maintenance of tumor blood vessels. Tie2 (tyrosine kinase with immunoglobulin-like and EGF-like domains) is activated by angiopoietin-1 (Ang-1). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a grapefruit, green, and rhubarb taste. 
it is an aryl sulfide that is thiophenol in which the hydrogen of the thiol group has been replaced by a methyl group. It is an aryl sulfide and a member of benzenes. It derives from a thiophenol. 
it is a yellow crystalline solid with a sweet musty odor. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a dinitrophenol having the nitro groups at the 2- and 5-positions. 
it appears as blue crystals with a greenish-bronze luster or a black powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic sodium salt that is the tetrasodium salt of 6,6'-{(3,3'-dimethyl[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-diyl)bis[diazene-2,1-diyl]}bis(4-amino-5-hydroxynaphthalene-1,3-disulfonate). It is sometimes used as a counterstain, especially in fluorescent methods to suppress background autofluorescence. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome, a teratogenic agent and a sodium channel blocker. It contains an it(4-). 
(2E,4E)-2,4-hexadien-1-ol is a medium-chain primary fatty alcohol that is hexan-1-ol with two trans double bonds at positions 2 and 4. It has a role as a fragrance and a flavouring agent. It is a primary allylic alcohol, a medium-chain primary fatty alcohol and an alkenyl alcohol. 
it appears as white crystals. A salt arising from the direct reaction of barium and chlorine. Toxic by ingestion. (NTP, 1992) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and breast milk. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is hydantoin substituted at position 1 by a [(5-nitro-2-furyl)methylene]amino group and at position 3 by a hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antibacterial drug and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a nitrofuran antibiotic, an imidazolidine-2,4-dione, an organonitrogen heterocyclic antibiotic and a hydrazone. It derives from a semicarbazide. it is a derivative of nitrofuran used as an antibiotic in the treatment of urinary tract infections. it is bactericidal to most gram-positive and gram-negative urinary tract pathogens. 
it is a pyrazolopyrimidine that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidine substituted by oxo groups at positions 4 and 6. It has a role as an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor and a drug metabolite. 
it appears as a clear amber-colored viscous liquid. Insoluble and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption. A synthetic household insecticide that kills flies, mosquitoes, garden insects, etc. it is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide. It derives from a chrysanthemic acid. 
it is an N-nitrosourea that is urea in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a 2-chloroethyl group and by a nitroso group, while the other nitrogen is substituted by a cyclohexyl group. An alkylating antineoplastic agent, it is used in the treatment of brain tumours, lung cancer, malignant melanoma and other solid tumours. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of N-nitrosoureas and an organochlorine compound. it is a nitrosourea with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and crosslinks DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA and RNA synthesis. This agent also carbamoylates DNA and proteins, resulting in inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis and disruption of RNA processing. it is lipophilic and crosses the blood-brain barrier. (NCI04) 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is octadecanoic acid (stearic acid) in which the hydrogens at position 2 have been replaced by an oxo group. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxooctadecanoate. 
it is a saturated fatty aldehyde formally arising from reduction of the carboxylic acid group of undecanoic acid. It is a component of essential oils from citrus plants like Citrus reticulata. It has a role as an antimycobacterial drug, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. It is a tautomer of an undec-1-en-1-ol. 
it is a benzoxadiazole that is 2,1,3-benzoxadiazole which is substituted at position 4 by chlorine and at position 7 by a nitro group. It has a role as a fluorescent probe, a fluorochrome, an EC 3.6.1.3 (adenosinetriphosphatase) inhibitor and an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. It is a benzoxadiazole, a C-nitro compound and an organochlorine compound. 
it, also known as it or fema 2882, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a fruit and green taste. 
it is a nitrotoluene that is p-nitrotoluene in which one of the hydrogens that is ortho to the methyl group has been replaced by a chlorine. A pale yellow crystalline compound that is insoluble in water but dissolves in most organic solvents, it is used in the manufacture of dyes. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a nitrotoluene. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-methionine and L-alanine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-methionine and a L-alanine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a tautomer of it that has the double bonds at positions 2 and 4. It is a it and a secondary amine. It is a tautomer of a 2H-it and a 3H-it. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthoquinones. Naphthoquinones are compounds containing a naphthohydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring linearly fused to a bezene-1, 4-dione (quinone). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it or E469, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, citronellyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a herbal, honey, and rose tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes citronellyl pentanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a phenylpropanoid that is phenol substituted by a prop-2-enyl group at position 4. It is a phenylpropanoid and a member of phenols. 
it appears as a white crystalline powder. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Decomposes at 410Â°F. May release toxic fumes. Moderately toxic. An irritant. Used as a dryer for paints and inks, and for dyes. Loses ammonia upon heating. 
it is a succinate dehydrogenase inhibitor originally isolated from the pathogenic fungus Helminthosposium siccans with antifungal activity. it, in a quinone-dependent manner, inhibits succinate dehydrogenase in the terminal electron transport chain thereby disrupting cellular respiration. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-(dimethylamino)pentanoic acid with the aromatic amino group of N-[(4-aminophenyl)carbamothioyl]-4-tert-butylbenzamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a Sir2 inhibitor and a p53 activator. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of thioureas and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a carboxylic ester-lactam that is a synthetic DDM (didehydroxymycobactin)-like lipopeptide. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles, a carboxylic ester, a lactam and a hydroxamic acid. 
O-nitrochlorobenzene appears as yellow crystals with an aromatic odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a C-nitro compound that is nitrobenzene in which one of the ortho- hydrogens has been replced by chlorine. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 4-oxobutanoic acid which is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 2. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(hydroxymethyl)-4-oxobutanoate. 
it, also known as 5-ethenyl-4-methyl-thiazole or fema 3313, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. it exists as a liquid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a cocoa, musty, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as onion-family vegetables, fruits, alcoholic beverages, and soft-necked garlic. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Quinupristin and it are intravenously administered, streptogramin antibiotics used in fixed combination to treat severe bacterial infections due to susceptible organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The fixed combination of quinupristin and it is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been convincingly linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a semi-synthetic derivative of streptogramin A produced by streptomycetes. it inhibits the early phase of protein synthesis in the bacterial ribosome by binding to the 70S subunit, and also alters the configuration of the ribosome to make it more susceptible for streptogramin B binding. it is used in combination with quinopristin, a streptogramin B derivative. This combination is active against most gram-positive organisms, including Enterococcus faecium, and is also active against some gram-negative organisms and mycoplasma. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Diethyldithiophosphate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phosphorodithioic acid o, o-diesters. These are organooxygen compounds that contain a phosphorodithioic acid, which is O, O-disubstituted by an organyl group. Diethyldithiophosphate has been primarily detected in urine. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the iodide salt of ammonia. It is an ammonium salt and an iodide salt. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of chloroquine, a synthetic quinoline with antimalarial and anti-inflammatory properties. Chloroquine is the most widely used drug against malaria, except for those cases caused by chloroquine resistant Plasmodium falciparum. Although the mechanism of action is not fully understood, chloroquine is shown to inhibit the parasitic enzyme heme polymerase that converts the toxic heme into non-toxic hemazoin, thereby resulting in the accumulation of toxic heme within the parasite. Chloroquine may also interfere with the biosynthesis of nucleic acids. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is isolated from the marine sponge Xestospongia exigua. It has a role as a marine metabolite, an IP3 receptor antagonist, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a macrocycle, an oxacycle, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and an alkaloid. 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
3-methylhistidine is a methylhistidine in which the methyl group is located at N-3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a methylhistidine. It is a tautomer of a 3-methylhistidine zwitterion. 
Bisantrene is a hydrazone resulting from the formal condensation of both of the aldehyde groups of anthracene-9,10-dicarbaldehyde with 2-hydrazinyl-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazole. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a hydrazone, a member of imidazolidines and a member of anthracenes. Bisantrene is an anthracenyl bishydrazone with antineoplastic activity. Bisantrene intercalates with and disrupts the configuration of DNA, resulting in DNA single-strand breaks, DNA-protein crosslinking, and inhibition of DNA replication. This agent is similar to doxorubicin in activity, but unlike doxorubicin, does not exhibit cardiotoxicity. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of formamides that is formamide in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a phenyl group. It is a member of formamides and an aromatic amide. It derives from a formamide. 
D-glucose 6-sulfate is a monosaccharide sulfate consisting of D-glucose having the sulfate group at the 6-position. It derives from a D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a D-glucose 6-sulfate(1-). 
Ammonium hydrogen sulfate is a colorless to white, powdered solid. It is toxic by ingestion. When heated to high temperatures, it may release toxic sulfur oxide and nitrogen oxide fumes. It is soluble in water. It is a chemical catalyst, used in hair preparations. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid that is propan-1-ol with a hydrogen at each of the 3 carbon positions replaced by a carboxy group. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a tricarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a 1,4-dihydropyridine substituted with acetyl groups at C-3 and C-5 and with phenyl groups at N-1 and C-4. It is a diketone and a dihydropyridine. 
it is a monounsaturated straight-chain dicarboxylic acid with the double bond at C-2; a plant wound-healing hormone. It has a role as a plant hormone. 
Aldicarb appears as white crystals with a slightly sulfurous odor. Commercial formulations are granular Used as an insecticide, acaricide, and nematocide. (EPA, 1998) 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ethereal odor. Flash point -18Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a compound made up of a guaiacyl core with an alpha-glyceryl substituent para to the aromatic hydroxy group. It is an aromatic alcohol, a tetrol and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a glycerol. 
Ternatin, also known as ternatin A1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Ternatin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ternatin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
1-[biphenyl-4-yl(phenyl)methyl]imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles carrying an alpha-(biphenyl-4-yl)benzyl substituent at position 1. It is a member of imidazoles and a member of biphenyls. 
it is a 4-oxohex-2-enedioic acid with a Z-configuration. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a maleylacetate. 
Intercellular signaling peptides that were originally characterized by their ability to suppress NEOPLASM METASTASIS. its have since been found to play an important role in the neuroendocrine regulation of REPRODUCTION. 
it is a tricyclic diterpenoid with formula C21H28O3, originally isolated from Tripterygium hypoglaucum. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a monomethoxybenzene and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid resulting from the substitution of the 3beta-hydrogen of tomatidane by a hydroxy group. It is an azaspiro compound, an oxaspiro compound and a 3beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a tomatidane. 
it is a N-sulfonylurea that is 2-(carbamoylsulfamoyl)-N,N-dimethylpyridine-3-carboxamide substituted by a 4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl group at the amino nitrogen. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. It is a member of pyridines, a N-sulfonylurea and a member of pyrimidines. 
Lactucopicrin is an azulenofuran, a cyclic terpene ketone, an enone, a member of phenols, a sesquiterpene lactone and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a sedative and an antimalarial. It derives from a 4-hydroxyphenylacetic acid and a lactucin. 
it (T131), an orally-administered therapy, is expected to lower blood glucose in type II diabetic patients by improving the bodyâ€™s ability to respond to insulin. T131 is a selective modulator of PPARg (peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma), a receptor involved in regulating the bodyâ€™s ability to respond to insulin. T131 is not structurally related to the thiazolidinedione class of PPARg agonists, which includes Actos and Avandia. 
it is a clear amber colored oily liquid with a faint odor of mustard/garlic. It is not readily combustible. Its vapors are heavier than air, are very toxic, and can be absorbed through the skin. The effects from exposure to the material include blindness which may be delayed. Prolonged exposure of the container to fire or intense heat may cause it to violently rupture and rocket. it is also known as dichlorodiethyl sulfide. Bis(2-chloroethyl) sulfide is an ethyl sulfide that is diethyl sulfide in which a hydrogen from each of the terminal methyl groups is replaced by a chlorine. It is a powerful vesicant regulated under the Chemical Weapons Convention. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a vesicant and a carcinogenic agent. It is an organochlorine compound and an ethyl sulfide. it is a pale yellow, oily, highly toxic, volatile, liquid alkylating compound with a sweet to garlic-like odor that evaporates to a poisonous gas. it is a vesicant that was first used in chemical warfare in World War I, but is now only used in small amounts in research studies involving alkylating agents. Exposure to this substance is corrosive to the eyes, skin and lungs and leads to blindness and blistering of the skin and can cause severe and sometimes fatal respiratory damage. it is a mutagen and is a known carcinogen that is associated with an increased risk of developing lung and other respiratory tract cancers. (NCI05) 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt form of chlorphentermine, a chlorinated analogue of phentermine, a sympathomimetic amine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating and anorexic activity. Chlorphentermine acts by facilitating the release of catecholamines, especially noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and also inhibits their uptake. The increase in synaptic concentrations of these catecholamines causes behavioral changes including an increase in motor activity, mental alertness and excitement, causes euphoria, and suppresses appetite. 
it is a sulfone resulting from the oxidation of the sulfur atom of dibenzothiophene. It is a member of dibenzothiophenes and a sulfone. It derives from a dibenzothiophene. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
N-methyl-3-phenyl-3-[4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]propan-1-amine is an aromatic ether consisting of 4-trifluoromethylphenol in which the hydrogen of the phenolic hydroxy group is replaced by a 3-(methylamino)-1-phenylpropyl group. It is a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an aromatic ether and a secondary amino compound. it is a diphenhydramine derivative and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor with antidepressant, anti-anxiety, antiobsessional and antibulimic activity and with potential immunomodulating activity. Upon administration, it binds to the presynaptic serotonin (5-HT) receptor resulting in negative allosteric modulation of the receptor complex, thereby blocking recycling of serotonin by the presynaptic receptor. Inhibition of serotonin reuptake by it enhances serotonergic function through serotonin accumulation in the synaptic space, resulting in long-term desensitization and downregulation of 5-HT receptors, preventing 5-HT-mediated signaling and leading to antidepressant, anti-anxiety, antiobsessional and antibulimic effects. In addition, it may inhibit the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin-6 (IL-6). This may prevent IL-6-mediated inflammation and cytokine storm. 
it is a synthetic triglycyllysine derivative of vasopressin with vasoconstrictive, antihemorrhagic, and antidiuretic properties. Upon intravenous administration, it, an inactive prodrug, is biotransformed to its active moiety, lysine vasopressin (LVP), a nonselective vasopressin analogue with affinity for vasopressin receptors V1 (V1a), V2 and V3 (V1b). As a V1 agonist, it increases systemic vascular resistance, particularly in the splanchnic area, resulting in a decrease of portal pressure. V1 binding also promotes platelet aggregation and glycogenolysis, while V3 binding induces adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) secretion. Compared to vasopressin, it has a minimal effect on V2 receptors, which are responsible for promotion of water reabsorption in the collecting ducts of the kidney via stimulation of cyclic AMP production. 
Ethyl-n-cyclohexylamine appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Floats on water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it appears as colorless to pale yellow liquid with a strong, slightly unpleasant odor. Flash point approximately 164Â°F. Denser than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Vapors may irritate the nose, throat and respiratory tract. Ingestion or inhalation may cause central nervous system depression. Liquid contact may severely irritate the eyes and skin. Prolonged contact with the skin may cause defatting and drying. 
Acetylursolic acid, also known as acetylursolate or ursolic acid acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Acetylursolic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, acetylursolic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, acetylursolic acid can be found in a number of food items such as tea, japanese persimmon, common verbena, and rosemary. This makes acetylursolic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Trans-methylferulate is a cinnamate ester that is the methyl ester of ferulic acid. It has been isolated from Pisonia aculeata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cinnamate ester, a methyl ester and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a ferulic acid. 
it is a colorless oily liquid, odorless to a faint onion-like odor. It is very toxic by inhalation. It is a combustible liquid and has a flash point of 182Â°F. It is slightly soluble in water and decomposed by water to give sulfuric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It is a potent methylating agent. it is the dimethyl ester of sulfuric acid. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an immunosuppressive agent. it is an odorless, corrosive, oily liquid with an onion-like odor that emits toxic fumes upon heating. it is used in industry as a methylating agent in the manufacture of many organic chemicals. Inhalation exposure to its vapors is highly irritating to the eyes and lungs and may cause damage to the liver, kidney, heart and central nervous system, while dermal contact causes severe blistering. It is a possible mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
it is an organoammonium sulfate salt and an azaheterocycle sulfate salt. It has a role as a P2Y12 receptor antagonist, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an anticoagulant. It contains a clopidogrel. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain, Neoplasms, and Chronic Pain. it is an orally available benzenoid that acts as an opioid peptide receptor agonist for the nociceptin/orphanin FQ peptide receptor (opioid receptor like -1; OPRL1; ORL-1; NOP; kappa-type 3 opioid receptor) and the classical opioid receptors, mu, delta and kappa, with potential anti-nociceptive activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to NOP and the mu, delta and kappa opioid receptors, which enhances NOP- and opioid receptor-mediated signaling, interferes with the sensation of pain and results in an analgesic effect. NOP, a member of the opioid receptor family, and its endogenous ligand nociceptin play key roles in the regulation of various brain activities including pain, and some inflammatory and immune responses. 
N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysine dihydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt prepared from N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysine and two equivalents of hydrogen chloride. A selective inhibitor of inducible nitric oxide synthase. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It contains a N(6)-acetimidoyl-L-lysinium(2+). 
Small colorless crystals. Denser than water. Contact may cause severe irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make electric storage batteries, soaps, and lubricants. 
it appears as white or almost-white crystalline powder. Odorless with a bitter numbing taste. pH (5% aqueous solution) 4-6. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of diphenhydramine, an ethanolamine and first-generation histamine antagonist with anti-allergic activity. it competitively blocks H1receptors, thereby preventing the actions of histamine on bronchial smooth muscle, capillaries, and gastrointestinal (GI) smooth muscle. This prevents histamine-induced bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, and GI smooth muscle spasms. 
it appears as a yellow to brown colored oily liquid with a fishlike odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Flash point 150Â°F. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation, and skin absorption. Used to make dyes and as a solvent. it is a tertiary amine that is aniline in which the amino hydrogens are replaced by two methyl groups. It is a tertiary amine and a it. 
it is an acridine derivative with potential cytostatic and antitumor activities. Although the exact mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it induces the unwinding of supercoiled DNA and binds to the DNA through intercalation, forming drug-DNA adducts and DNA interstrand crosslinks. This inhibits RNA synthesis, protein production, cell growth, DNA replication and cell proliferation; altogether, this may promote apoptosis. Since cancer cells have increased metabolism and proliferate at an increased rate, it may induce tumor cell apoptosis. 
it, also known as R 18, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diphenylmethanes. Diphenylmethanes are compounds containing a diphenylmethane moiety, which consists of a methane wherein two hydrogen atoms are replaced by two phenyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a benzoxadiazole that is 2,1,3-benzoxadiazole which is substituted at positions 4 and 7 by (5-carboxypentyl)amino and nitro groups, respectively. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a benzoxadiazole, a C-nitro compound, a secondary amino compound and an epsilon-amino acid. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1H-benzimidazole in which the hydrogen at position 5 is substituted by a methyl group. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-benzimidazole. 
it is a brown crystalline solid. Non corrosive. Used as an insecticide. it is a carbamate ester that consists of 2,3,5-trimethylphenol carrying an O-(N-methylcarbamoyl) group. One of two constituents of trimethacarb. It has a role as an agrochemical and an insecticide. It derives from a 2,3,5-trimethylphenol. 
it is the 1-O-phospho derivative of alpha-D-glucuronic acid. It is a member of glucuronic acids and a D-glucuronic acid 1-phosphate. It derives from an alpha-D-glucuronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-phosphonato-alpha-D-glucuronate(3-). 
it is an organochlorine compound with insecticidal activity. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant and an insecticide. It is an organochlorine compound and a cyclic ketone. it is a very stable, colorless, odorless, synthetic chlorinated polycyclic hydrocarbon that is a degradation product of Mirex. it has been used as an insecticide on bananas, non-bearing citrus trees, tobacco, lawns and flowers. Exposure to this substance causes neurological symptoms, such as tremors and slurred speech. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
2, 4-Dimethylthiophene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2, 4-Dimethylthiophene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethylthiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 4-dimethylthiophene can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes 2, 4-dimethylthiophene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a mycolate ester formed by esterification of (2R)-2-{(1R)-1-hydroxy-15-[2-(20-methoxy-21-methylnonatriacontyl)cyclopropyl]pentadecyl}hexacosanoic acid with the 1-OH of glycerol. It has a role as an antigen. It derives from a glycerol and a (2R)-2-{(1R)-1-hydroxy-15-[2-(20-methoxy-21-methylnonatriacontyl)cyclopropyl]pentadecyl}hexacosanoic acid. 
it is a piperidine compound having a (2-thienyl)ethyl substituent at the 1-position, a methyl group at the 3-position and an N-phenylpropanamido group at the 4-position. It has a role as an opioid analgesic. It is a member of piperidines, a member of thiophenes, an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
Alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-alpha-D-GalpA is a alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-D-GalpA in which the anomeric hydroxy group has alpha- configuration. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-GalpA-(1->4)-alpha-D-GalpA(2-). 
it is a naphthoquinone that is naphthalene-1,4-dione substituted by a methoxy group at position 2. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and a plant metabolite. It is an enol ether and a member of 1,4-naphthoquinones. 
it is an orally available tricyclic beta-lactam (trinem) antibiotic, with broad-spectrum activity against gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. it has high stability to many beta-lactamases. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, 2, 6-dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. 2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 6-Dimethyl-6-hepten-1-ol has a melon taste. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is 3-phenyl-4H-chromen-4-one which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7 and chloro groups at positions 2' and 4'. It is a SIRT1 activator. It is a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is cyclohepta-2,4,6-trien-1-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2 and an isopropyl group at position 4. Isolated from Thuja plicata and Chamaecyparis obtusa, it exhibits antimicrobial activities. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an antibacterial agent, an antiplasmodial drug, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is an enol, a cyclic ketone and a monoterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a cyclohepta-1,3,5-triene. 
it is a dibenzoazepine that is 5H-dibenzo[b,f]azepine carrying a carbamoyl substituent at the azepine nitrogen, used as an anticonvulsant. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, a mitogen, a glutamate transporter activator, an antimanic drug, an analgesic, a non-narcotic analgesic, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a drug allergen and a sodium channel blocker. It is a dibenzoazepine and a member of ureas. it is a tricyclic compound chemically related to tricyclic antidepressants (TCA) with anticonvulsant and analgesic properties. it exerts its anticonvulsant activity by reducing polysynaptic responses and blocking post-tetanic potentiation. Its analgesic activity is not understood; however, it is commonly used to treat pain associated with trigeminal neuralgia. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monohydroxyflavonoids. These are flavonoids that bear one hydroxyl group on the flavonoid skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a biphenylyltetrazole that is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist used mainly for the treatment of hypertension. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an angiotensin receptor antagonist, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a biphenylyltetrazole and an azaspiro compound. it is a nonpeptide angiotensin II antagonist with antihypertensive activity. it selectively and competitively blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the angiotensin I receptor. Angiotensin II stimulates aldosterone synthesis and secretion by adrenal cortex, which decreases the excretion of sodium and increases the excretion of potassium. Angiotensin II also acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. (NCI05) 
Nabiximols (tradename SativexÂ®) is a whole plant extract from the Cannabis species Cannabis sativa L. that has been purified into the active components CBD (cannabidiol) and THC (delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol). For trademark purposes, purified CBD is branded as NabidiolexÂ®, while THC is purified as the product TetrabinexÂ®. SativexÂ® is available in a 1:1 formulation of THC:CBD as an oro-mucosal pump spray used for treatment of neuropathic pain from Multiple Sclerosis (MS) and for intractable cancer pain. Although still largely debated, Cannabis has been shown to have analgesic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, anxiolytic, neuroprotective, anti-oxidant, and anti-psychotic activity.   From a pharmacological perspective, Cannabis' diverse receptor profile explains its potential application for such a wide variety of medical conditions. Cannabis contains more than 400 different chemical compounds, of which 61 are considered it, a class of compounds that act upon cannabinoid receptors of the body. Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and cannabidiol (CBD) are two types of it found naturally in the resin of the marijuana plant, both of which interact with the cannabinoid receptors found in the human body. While both CBD and THC are used for medicinal purposes, they have different receptor activity, function, and physiological effects. While cannabis in its natural plant form is currently used \ 
it is an omega-amino fatty acid that is dodecanoic acid in which one of the terminal amino hydrogens has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an omega-amino fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of lauric (dodecanoic) acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the therapy of hypertension and heart failure. it is associated with a low rate of transient serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and has been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. it is a phosphinic acid-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As an ester prodrug, it is hydrolysed by esterases to its active metabolite itat. itat specifically and competitively inhibits angiotensin-converting enzyme thereby decreasing the formation of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II, resulting in diminished vasopressor activity. In addition, angiotensin II-mediated aldosterone secretion by adrenal cortex is decreased, which results in a decrease of sodium retention and an increase in water outflow. 
it is an aspidosperma alkaloid that is the methyl ester of 2,3-didehydroaspidospermidine-3-carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (-)-vincadifformine. 
it is a monohydroxyproline where the hydroxy group is located at the 4-position. It is found in fibrillar collagen. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxyprolinate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the sulfate salt form of netilimicin, a semisynthetic, water soluble aminoglycoside antibiotic. Netilmicin is derived from sisomicin, a naturally occurring aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the fermentation of Micromonospora inyoensis. Netilmicin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, netilmicin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it is a 2-deoxy-D-glucose that is D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been replaced by a hydrogen. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a D-glucopyranose. 
it, also known as Î“-dodecalactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as citrus, cereals and cereal products, milk and milk products, and green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carotenol that is a natural xanthophyll pigment. It was formerly used as a food colourant (E161d), but approval for this purpose has been withdrawn throughout the European Union. It has a role as a food colouring and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a gamma-carotene. 
it is a mesylate salt form of atevirdine, a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. Atevirdine is active against AZT-resistant virus strains. 
it appears as an odorless pale yellow to white crystalline solid. It is appreciably soluble in water and heavier, so may be expected to sink and dissolve at a rapid rate. Although it is not itself flammable, the solid product and even 30% solutions in water are powerful oxidizing agents. Contact with wood, organic matter, ammonium salts, sulfur, sulfuric acid, various metals, and other chemicals may result in fires or explosions, particularly if any solid materials are finely divided. Excessive heat, as in fires, may cause evolution of oxygen gas that may increase the intensity of fires and may also result in explosions. Mixtures with combustible materials are very flammable and may be ignited by friction. It is used for making herbicides, explosives, dyes, matches, inks, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, defoliants, paper, and leather. it is an inorganic sodium salt that has chlorate as the counter-ion. An oxidising agent, it is used for bleaching paper and as a herbicide. It is also used in the manufacture of dyes, explosives and matches. It has a role as a herbicide. It is an inorganic sodium salt and a chlorate salt. 
1-[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)propyl]1,2,4-triazole is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1,2,4-triazole substituted at position 1 by a 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-3-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)propyl group. It is a member of triazoles, a dichlorobenzene, an ether and an organofluorine compound. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fragrant odor. Moderately toxic. Flash point 14Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. it is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of acetic acid with methanol. A low-boiling (57 â„ƒ) colourless, flammable liquid, it is used as a solvent for many resins and oils. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, a fragrance and an EC 3.4.19.3 (pyroglutamyl-peptidase I) inhibitor. It is an acetate ester, a methyl ester and a volatile organic compound. 
Abscission-accelerating plant growth substance isolated from young cotton fruit, leaves of sycamore, birch, and other plants, and from potatoes, lemons, avocados, and other fruits. 
A glycine-rich, heat-labile serum glycoprotein that contains a component of the C3 CONVERTASE ALTERNATE PATHWAY (C3bBb). Bb, a serine protease, is generated when it is cleaved by COMPLEMENT FACTOR D into Ba and Bb. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid that is the L-isomer of it. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a biomarker, a micronutrient, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a glutamine family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, an it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-argininium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a L-argininate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. it is an essential amino acid in juvenile humans, it is a complex amino acid, often found at active site in proteins and enzymes due to its amine-containing side chain. it may prevent or treat heart and circulatory diseases, combat fatigue, and stimulate the immune system. It also boosts production of nitric oxide, relaxing blood vessels, and treating angina and other cardiovascular problems. it is also an important intermediate in the urea cycle and in detoxification of nitrogenous wastes. (NCI04) 
it is morpholine substituted at nitrogen by a 2-nitrobutyl group. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an allergen. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of proline, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a proline. 
it is the sodium salt of a mixture of oligomers formed by ether and ester linkages of up to eight porphyrin units with photodynamic activity. Absorbed selectively by tumor cells, porfimer produces oxygen radicals after activation by 630 nm wavelength laser light, resulting in tumor cell cytotoxicity. In addition, tumor cell death may occur due to ischemic necrosis secondary to vascular occlusion that appears to be partly mediated by the release of thromboxane A2. 
it is a sapogenin that is olean-12-en-28-oic acid substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3 and an oxo group at position 23. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a sapogenin, an aldehyde and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an oleanolic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a macrolide consisting resulting from the formal lactonisation of the carboxy group of (2E,4E,6R,7S,8S,10E,12E,14S,15R,16S,17R,18S)-18-[(2R,4R,5S,6R)-4-{[(2E)-3-carboxyprop-2-enoyl]oxy}-2-hydroxy-5,6-dimethyltetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-yl]-7,15,17-trihydroxy-14-methoxy-2,4,6,8,10,16-hexamethylnonadeca-2,4,10,12-tetraenoic acid with the hydroxy group at position 15. It is active against SV40 tumour cells, and inhibits the growth of solid tumour-derived cell lines such as DLD-1 human colon cancer cells with increased cells in G1 and S phases. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide, a cyclic hemiketal, a member of oxanes, a secondary alcohol, an enoate ester, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and an ether. 
2,2'-piperazine-1,4-diylbisethanesulfonic acid is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 6.8 at 20 â„ƒ. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,2'-piperazine-1,4-diylbisethanesulfonate. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as para cresols. Para cresols are compounds containing a para cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing one hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 4. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products and coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a tertiary amino compound that is piperazine substituted by a benzyl group at position 1. It is a serotonergic agonist used as a recreational drug. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a psychotropic drug and a serotonergic agonist. 
it is one of the primary bleomycin species in bleomycin sulfate, a mixture of the sulfate salts of glycopeptide bleomycin A2 and B2 isolated from Streptomyces verticillus with potential antineoplastic activity. it forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid melting at 49Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is an organochlorine compound comprising acetic acid carrying two chloro substituents at the 2-position. It occurs in nature in seaweed, Asparagopsis taxiformis. It has a role as an astringent and a marine metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dichloroacetate. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt form of benzphetamine, a sympathomimetic amine related to the synthetic agent amphetamine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating and anorexic properties. Benzphetamine stimulates the release of certain catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and inhibits their uptake. The increase in synaptic concentrations of these catecholamines causes behavioral changes including euphoria, an increase in mental alertness and excitement, and suppresses appetite. 
it is a dihydropterin that is monapterin dihydrogenated at positions 7 and 8. It is a dihydropterin and a member of neopterins. 
it is an unsaturated fatty acid, a carbocyclic fatty acid and an oxo carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (15Z)-12-oxophyto-10,15-dienoate. 
it is the 2-dehydro-3-deoxy derivative of D-gluconic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a ketoaldonic acid and a hexonic acid. It derives from a D-gluconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-gluconate. 
it, also known as it or allyl hexahydrophenylbutyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl cyclohexanebutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fatty, fruity, and pineapple taste. 
it is a metal sulfate in which the counterion is lithium and the ratio of lithium to sulfate is 2:1. It has a role as an antidepressant. It contains a lithium(1+). 
it is a carbazole alkaloid that is 9H-carbazole substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2, a methyl group at position 6 and a prenyl group at position 3. Isolated from Murraya siamensis, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is a carbazole alkaloid and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydride of a 9H-carbazole. 
it, also known as it or pyridine, 1-propyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it exists as a liquid, soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fatty, green, and nutty taste. 
it is a member of the class of resorcinols carrying an additional 2-phenylethyl substituent at position 5. It has a role as an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a member of resorcinols and a diphenylethane. 
Alanyl-glutamic acid, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Alanyl-glutamic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Alanyl-glutamic acid has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a pentahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7, 2', 4' and 5'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
An antiprotozoal agent produced by Streptomyces cinnamonensis. It exerts its effect during the development of first-generation trophozoites into first-generation schizonts within the intestinal epithelial cells. It does not interfere with hosts' development of acquired immunity to the majority of coccidial species. Monensin is a sodium and proton selective ionophore and is widely used as such in biochemical studies. 
it is a second-generation sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Like other sulfonylureas, it exerts extra-pancreatic activity, such as increased binding of insulin to insulin receptors on adipocytes. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of (S)-2-methylbutyric acid with the hydroxy group adjacent to the ring junction of (3R,5R)-7-[(1S,2S,6S,8S,8aR)-6,8-dihydroxy-2-methyl-1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydronaphthalen-1-yl]-3,5-dihydroxyheptanoic acid. Derived from microbial transformation of mevastatin, it is a reversible inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA). The sodium salt is used for lowering cholesterol and preventing cardiovascular disease. It is one of the lower potency statins, but has the advantage of fewer side effects compared with lovastatin and simvastatin. It has a role as a metabolite, an anticholesteremic drug, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a carboxylic ester, a secondary alcohol, a carbobicyclic compound and a statin (semi-synthetic). It derives from a (3R,5R)-7-[(1S,2S,6S,8S,8aR)-6,8-dihydroxy-2-methyl-1,2,6,7,8,8a-hexahydronaphthalen-1-yl]-3,5-dihydroxyheptanoic acid and a (S)-2-methylbutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a synthetic lipid-lowering agent. it competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. it lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses by suppressing MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. (NCI04) 
it is a proprietary small molecule therapeutic, originally discovered by Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany. it was originally developed to treat peripheral pain such as arthritis. it is an orally administered agent that acts as a kappa opioid receptor agonist. It has shown encouraging clinical efficacy for the treatment of IBS in a barostat study in IBS patients and has the potential for treating other gastrointestinal diseases. 
it is a colorless liquid with odor of anise. Insoluble in water. Isolated from rind of persea gratissima grath. and from oil of estragon. Found in oils of Russian anise, basil, fennel turpentine, tarragon oil, anise bark oil. (NTP, 1992) 
it appears as colorless deliquescent crystals. Mp: 45Â°C; bp: 260Â°C. Density: 1.282 g cm-3. Quite soluble in water (77 g / 100 g solution at 15Â°C). Soluble in butanol, methyl ethyl ketone, ethyl acetate, alcohols, phenols, amines, ethers. Note: The term \ it is a nitrile that is hydrogen cyanide in which the hydrogen has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor. It is a nitrile and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
N-methylproline is an L-proline derivative obtained by replacement of the amino hydrogen by a methyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a L-proline derivative and a tertiary amino compound. It is a tautomer of a N-methylproline zwitterion. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of dichloroacetic acid. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a dichloroacetic acid. 
it is a 5alpha-androstane compound having 3alpha-acetoxy-, 17beta-acetoxy-, 2beta-piperidino- and 16beta-N-methylpiperidinium substituents. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist, a neuromuscular agent, a muscle relaxant and a drug allergen. It is an androstane, a quaternary ammonium ion and an acetate ester. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. it is a synthetic, intermediate-acting mono-quaternary steroid and non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent, with muscle relaxant activity. it competitively binds to and blocks the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor at the neuromuscular junction, thereby preventing acetylcholine (ACh) binding and resulting in skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. it has a shorter duration of action than pancuronium. 
ABT-089 is a neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist that may have therapeutic utility for the treatment of several neurological disorders including Alzheimer, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Schizophrenia/Schizoaffective disorders. In radioligand binding studies, ABT-089 has shown selectivity toward the alpha4beta2 nAChR subtype as compared to the alpha7 and alpha1beta1deltagamma nAChR subtypes. Neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) modulate the release of several important neurotransmitters, such as acetylcholine and dopamine. 
it is an N-acyl-L-amino acid that is the N-heptanoyl derivative of L-homoserine. It is a non-proteinogenic amino acid derivative and a N-acyl-L-amino acid. It derives from a L-homoserine. 
Haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. Haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, haloperidol 1, 2, 3, 6-tetrahydropyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a fluoroalkane that is hexane in which all of the hydrogens have been replaced by fluorines. It has a role as a radioopaque medium and a non-polar solvent. It is a fluorocarbon, a fluoroalkane and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. it is a fluorinated hydrocarbon and gaseous substance used as an imaging contrast agent in echocardiogram. After administration in microsphere form, perflexane increases ultrasound reflectivity of blood. This leads to an improvement of ultrasound signaling. 
it is the it derived from ethylene glycol. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a tautomer of a (Z)-1,2-ethenediol. 
it is a tripeptide composed of glycine, L-proline and 3-hydroxy-L-proline units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glycine, a L-proline and a 3-hydroxy-L-proline. 
it is n-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)acetamide in which the hydrogen of the phenolic hydroxy group is substituted by a 3-(isopropylaminoamino)-2-hydroxypropyl group. A selective beta blocker, it has been used in the emergency treatment of cardiac arrhythmias. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a propanolamine, a member of ethanolamines, a secondary alcohol, a member of acetamides and a secondary amino compound. 
2, 4, 4-Trimethylcyclopentanone, also known as arylsulfonamide 11C, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 2, 4, 4-Trimethylcyclopentanone is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4, 4-trimethylcyclopentanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 4, 4-trimethylcyclopentanone can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes 2, 4, 4-trimethylcyclopentanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a cyanoamino acid that is the 3-cyano-derivative of L-alanine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a cyanoamino acid and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-cyano-L-alaninate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
2, 3-Dimethylpyrazine, also known as fema 3271 or 2, 3-DMP pyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 3-Dimethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 3-dimethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 3-Dimethylpyrazine is an almond, butter, and caramel tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, nuts, brassicas, and milk and milk products. This makes 2, 3-dimethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dipeptide, a dithioketal, an azaspiro compound, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an ethyl ester, a tertiary carboxamide, a secondary amino compound and a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid. It has a role as a prodrug, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and an antihypertensive agent. It derives from a itat. it is a prodrug and non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it is converted in the body to its active metabolite itat. itat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. itat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it, also known as 2-methyl-3-mercaptotetrahydrofuran or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanthiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a beef, chicken, and meat taste. 
it is a poly(ethylene glycol) derivative that is poly(ethylene glycol) in which one of the terminal hydroxy groups has been converted into the corresponding p-(2,4,4-trimethylpentan-3-yl)phenyl ether. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. 
The glycopeptide antibiotics are semisynthetic macromolecules that are structurally related to vancomycin and have antibacterial activity against several gram positive organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Three lipoglycopeptide antibiotics are available for use in the United States: dalbavancin, oritavancin and telavancin. All three agents have been associated with transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but they have yet to be linked convincingly to cases of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02175121 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics And Pharmacodynamics Study of it as Oral Monotherapy To Treat Adults With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus). 
it is a piperidine-based anti-histamine compound. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. It is a member of piperidines and a tertiary amine. It derives from an isobutyric acid. it is a second generation, long-lasting selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist with antiinflammatory property. it is a highly selective and reversible competitor at peripheral H1 histamine receptors in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, blood vessels, and bronchial smooth muscle. This agent interferes with mediators release from mast cells either by inhibiting calcium ion influx across mast cell/basophil plasma membrane or by inhibiting intracellular calcium ion release within the cells. In addition it may also inhibit the late-phase allergic reaction by acting on leukotrienes or prostaglandins, or by producing an anti-platelet activating factor effect. Overall, this agent blocks the actions of endogenous histamine, thereby leads to temporary relief of the negative symptoms associated with histamine and achieve effects such as decreased vascular permeability, reduction of pruritus and localized smooth muscle relaxation. 
4,4&#39;-diaminodiphenylmethane appears as a tan flake or lump solid with a faint fishlike odor. May be toxic by inhalation or ingestion, and may be irritating to skin. Insoluble in water. it is an aromatic amine that is diphenylmethane substituted at the 4-position of each benzene ring by an amino group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and an allergen. It derives from a hydride of a diphenylmethane. 
it is an oligopeptide composed of L-asparagine, L-proline, L-valine, L-valine, L-histidine, L-phenylalanine, L-phenylalanine, L-lysine, L-asparagine, L-isoleucine, L-valine, L-threonine, L-proline, L-arginine, L-threonine, L-proline, L-proline, L-proline and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. 
it appears as white or yellowish-white to pale orange fine crystalline powder. Odorless. Aqueous solution is acidic. Colorless to pH 8.5; pink to deep-red above pH 9. Colorless in presence of large amounts of alkali. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of phenols. It derives from a 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one. it is an organic compound used as a laboratory reagent and pH indicator. it exerts laxative effects by stimulating the intestinal mucosa and constricting smooth muscles. However, it is no longer used as a laxative due to the suspected carcinogenicity of this compound. 
it is a phlorotannin isolated from a brown alga Ecklonia cava which exhibits antioxidant, hepatoprotective and anticoagulant activities. It has a role as a metabolite, a radical scavenger, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, a hepatoprotective agent and an anticoagulant. It is a phlorotannin, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
An antihypertensive agent that acts by inhibiting selectively transmission in post-ganglionic adrenergic nerves. It is believed to act mainly by preventing the release of norepinephrine at nerve endings and causes depletion of norepinephrine in peripheral sympathetic nerve terminals as well as in tissues. 
it is a methanesulfonate (mesylate) salt prepared from equimolar amounts of trovafloxacin and methanesulfonic acid. A broad-spectrum antibiotic that was withdrawn from the market due to risk of liver failure. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a topoisomerase IV inhibitor. It contains a trovafloxacin(1+). 
it is a trifluoroacetate salt of ovine corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH), a 41 amino acids peptide similar to human CRH, used as a diagnostic agent. it is a potent stimulator of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH), secreted from the anterior pituitary gland. In turn, ACTH stimulates cortisol production from the adrenal cortex and is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. it is used as a diagnostic tool in differentiating pituitary and ectopic production of ACTH. 
N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enimidic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives. Hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives are compounds containing an cinnamic acid (or a derivative thereof) where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. N-(4-Aminobutyl)-3-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enimidic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Bis(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl) disulfide, also known as 3, 3'-dithiobis(2, 5-dimethyl-furan or fema 3476, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. Bis(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl) disulfide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, bis(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl) disulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Bis(2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl) disulfide has a meaty taste. 
it is a pyridinium ion that is 1-methylpyridinium substituted by a (hydroxyimino)methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a cholinergic drug, a cholinesterase reactivator, an antidote to organophosphate poisoning and an antidote to sarin poisoning. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an epoxide obtained by formal epoxidation of the double bond in the cyclohexene moiety of queuine. It is an epoxide and a pyrrolopyrimidine. It derives from a queuine. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 1, 3 and 3 respectively. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of nitric acid and ethylamine. First prepared in 1914, it was one of the first ionic liquids found that had a melting point below room temperature (m.p. 12â„ƒ). It has a role as a protic solvent. It is an organoammonium salt and an ionic liquid. It contains an ethylaminium and a nitrate. 
it is a phenolic analogue of tamoxifen, a nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). it competitively inhibits the binding of estradiol to estrogen receptors, thereby preventing the receptor from binding to the estrogen-response element on DNA. The result is a reduction in DNA synthesis and cellular response to estrogen. (NCI) 
it is a phenyl acetate obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of acetic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of hydroquinone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an acetate ester and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a hydroquinone. 
it appears as a colorless, oily liquid with a pungent honey-like odor. Flash point 87Â°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used in paint removers, as a solvent for plastics, and as an insect repellent. it, 9CI is an olefinic compound. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic that is (1S,3S)-3-ethyl-3,5,12-trihydroxy-10-methoxy-6,11-dioxo-1,2,3,4,6,11-hexahydrotetracene having a 3-amino-2,3,6-trideoxy-alpha-L-lyxo-hexopyranosyl residue attached at position 1 via a glycosidic linkage. It is an aminoglycoside antibiotic, an anthracycline, a deoxy hexoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is chlorpromazine in which the acyclic tertiary amino group has been converted into the corresponding N-oxide. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound, a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amine oxide. It derives from a chlorpromazine. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid isolated from Dracocephalum komarovii and has been shown to exhibit trypanocidal activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a trypanocidal drug. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, a bridged compound, a lactol and a member of p-quinones. 
it is an imidazoquinoxaline that is 3H-imidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline substituted at positions 3 and 8 by methyl groups and at position 2 by an amino group. A mutagenic compound found in cooked beef. It has a role as a mutagen, a carcinogenic agent, a genotoxin and a Maillard reaction product. It is an imidazoquinoxaline and an aromatic amine. it is a synthetic, pale orange to brown crystalline solid that is soluble in dimethylsulfoxide and methanol. It is produced in small quantities for research purposes. it is formed naturally during the cooking of muscle-derived foods (meat and fish). Levels of this chemical produced in this manner are dependent on cooking temperature, cooking time and method of cooking (direct or indirect). It is one of the most abundant heterocyclic amines in a typical Western diet. it has also been detected in processed food flavorings, beer, wine, and cigarette smoke. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
Tubocurarine Chloride is the chloride salt form of tubocurarine, a naturally occurring curare alkaloid isolated from the bark and stem of Chondodendron tomentosum with a muscle relaxant property. Tubocurarine chloride competes with acetylcholine for the nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction of skeletal muscles, thereby inhibiting the action of acetylcholine and blocking the neural transmission without depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane. This may lead to skeletal muscle relaxation and paralysis. 
it, also known as allocohep or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl octanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, banana, and butter taste. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid bearing oxo and 2-thienyl groups at position 4. It has a role as a hapten. It is a member of thiophenes and a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a butyric acid. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-glucose as the sugar component. It is an intermediate in dTDP-rhamnose biosynthesis. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a dTDP-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of azobenzenes that is azobenzene in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted at the para position by an anilino group, while the other is substituted at a meta position by a sulfo group. The monosodium salt is the biological stain 'metanil yellow'. It is an arenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic amine. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-[(4-anilinophenyl)diazenyl]benzene-1-sulfonate. 
it is a biaryl resulting from the formal oxidative dimerisation of two molecules of 5-hydroxy-6,8-dimethoxy-2-methyl-4H-benzo[g]chromen-4-one to form a single bond linking position 10 of each moiety (the 10Ra enantiomer). It has a role as a mycotoxin, an Aspergillus metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a biaryl, a benzochromenone and a member of phenols. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is valeric acid substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a keto group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-leucine residues. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine. 
NAD(+) is the oxidised form of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide found in all living cells. In metabolism, NAD(+) is involved in redox reactions, carrying electrons from one reaction to another. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. It is a NAD(P)(+) and a NAD. It derives from a deamido-NAD(+). It is a conjugate acid of a NAD zwitterion and a NAD(1-). 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2 and 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an allergen. It derives from a hydride of a benzoic acid. 
A potent vasoactive agent that dilates cerebral and coronary arteries, but slightly constricts femoral arteries, without any effects on heart rate, blood pressure or cardiac output. 
it is an aryl beta-D-glucoside that is salicin in which the hydrogen of the 2-hydroxy group is replaced by a benzoyl group. It is found in the leaves and bark of willows and poplars. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzyl alcohols, a benzoate ester, a monosaccharide derivative, an aryl beta-D-glucoside and an aromatic primary alcohol. It derives from a salicin. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate having uracil as the nucleobase. It is a deoxyuridine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate. It derives from a 3'-UMP. 
Tamarixetin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the flavonoid backbone. Tamarixetin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Tamarixetin has been primarily detected in urine. Outside of the human body, tamarixetin can be found in tea. This makes tamarixetin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
3-(3-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. 3-(3-Hydroxyphenyl)-1-phenylprop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as monosteol or 1, 2-propanediol monostearate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, propylene glycol stearate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a five-membered monocyclic heteroarene composed of four CH units and one selenium atom. The parent of the class of its. It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene and a member of its. 
Cedryl acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cedrane and isocedrane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiternoids with a structure based on the cedrane or the isocedrane skeleton. Cedrane is a tricyclic molecules a 3, 6, 8, 8-tetramethyl-1H-3a, 7-methano-azulene moiety. Isocedrane is a rearranged cedrane arising from the migration of methyl group moved from the 6-position to the 4-position. Cedryl acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cedryl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Cedryl acetate has a cedar, dry, and sharp taste. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid that is isopropanol which is substituted at position 2 by a (3S,4S)-3-isopropenyl-4-methyl-4-vinylcyclohexyl group. It has a role as a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
it anhydrous is a hydrochloride that is the anhydrous dihydrochloride salt of pramipexole. It has a role as a dopamine agonist and an antiparkinson drug. It contains a pramipexole(2+). it is the hydrochloride salt of pramipexole, a benzothiazole derivative. As a nonergot dopamine agonist, pramipexole binds to D2 and D3 dopamine receptors in the striatum and substantia nigra of the brain. Compared to other dopamine agonists, the use of this agent may be associated with fewer dyskinetic side effects in treated subjects. (NCI04) 
it is a secondary amino compound having methyl and 3-(2-methylphenoxy)-3-phenylpropan-1-yl substituents. It has a role as an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an antidepressant, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound and a member of toluenes. 
Emetine dihydrochloride hydrate is a hydrate that is the monohydrate of the dihydrochloride salt of emetine. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antineoplastic agent, an antiprotozoal drug, an antiviral agent, an autophagy inhibitor, an emetic, a protein synthesis inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a hydrate and a hydrochloride. It contains an emetine dihydrochloride. 
Etoposide and teniposide are semisynthetic analogues of podophyllotoxin that are used as antineoplastic agents in the therapy of several forms of solid tumors, leukemia and lymphoma, usually in combination with other agents. Both etoposide and teniposide are associated with an appreciable rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy, and high doses have been implicated in causing clinically apparent acute liver injury including sinusoidal obstruction syndrome. Teniposide is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. Teniposide forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is a macrolide antibiotic that is biosynthesised by Streptomyces venezuelae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, a monosaccharide derivative and an enone. It derives from a narbonolide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a urate(1-). It is a conjugate base of a 7H-purine-2,6,8-triol. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6,8-trioxo-3,6,8,9-tetrahydro-2H-purine-1,7-diide. It is a tautomer of a 6,8-dioxo-6,7,8,9-tetrahydro-1H-purin-2-olate, a it and a 2,6-dioxo-2,3,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-purin-8-olate. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-beta-L-rhamnose as the sugar component. It is an intermediate in dTDP-rhamnose biosynthesis. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cardenolide glycosides and derivatives. Cardenolide glycosides and derivatives are compounds containing a carbohydrate glycosidically bound to the cardenolide moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, dihydrodigoxin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03174795 (A Study to Investigate the Pharmacokinetics of RO7079901 and Meropenem in Participants With a Complicated Urinary Tract Infection). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpiperazines. Phenylpiperazines are compounds containing a phenylpiperazine skeleton, which consists of a piperazine bound to a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, hydroxyitraconazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of piperidines that is 3-(piperidin-1-yl)propan-1-ol in which one of the hydrogen atoms at the 1-position is substituted by cyclopentyl, and the other is substituted by phenyl. A central anticholinergic, it is used as its hydrochloride salt in the management and treatment of Parkinson's disease. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a muscarinic antagonist and an antidyskinesia agent. It is a tertiary alcohol, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is the prodrug of fluphenazine, an antipsychotic drug used for the symptomatic management of psychosis in patients with schizophrenia. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug, a prodrug and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a member of phenothiazines, a decanoate ester, an organofluorine compound and a N-alkylpiperazine. It derives from a fluphenazine. it is the decanoate salt form of fluphenazine, a phenothiazine with antipsychotic activity. it exerts its actions by blocking postsynaptic dopamine D2 receptors in the limbic, cortical system and basal ganglia. This prevents the actions of dopamine, thereby reducing the hallucinations and delusions that are associated with schizophrenia. 
2-hydroxy-17beta-estradiol is a 2-hydroxy steroid that consists of 17beta-estradiol having an additional hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a prodrug, a metabolite, a carcinogenic agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. it is a metabolite formed during the metabolism of 17beta-estradiol by hydroxylation of the carbon at position 2 by the CYP450 enzymes 1A1/1A2. Theoretically, it (2-OHE2) is able to undergo redox cycling, which generates active radicals and induces DNA damage; however, this estradiol metabolite is very unstable in vivo and is quickly inactivated by catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT)-mediated O-methylation and converted to 2-methoxyestradiol (2-MeE2). 2-MeE2 exerts antineoplastic activities through its estrogen receptor antagonistic effect and the induction of apoptosis in susceptible cancer cells. 
it is a member of the class of 1-pyrroline nitrones (1-pyrroline N-oxides) resulting from the formal N-oxidation of 5,5-dimethyl-1-pyrroline. Used as a spin trap for the study of radicals formed by enzymatic acetaldehyde oxidation. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent and a spin trapping reagent. 
it is an organoboron compound that is diphenylborane in which the borane hydrogen is replaced by a 2-aminoethoxy group. It has a role as an IP3 receptor antagonist, a calcium channel blocker and a potassium channel opener. It is an organoboron compound and a primary amino compound. 
Mixtures of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). They have been used in the treatment of hypertension but have largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. 
it is a sulfone that is a metabolite of dapsone in which one of the amino groups of dapsone has been oxidized to a nitroso group. It is a sulfone and a nitroso compound. It derives from a dapsone. 
it is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is heptadecan-1-ol substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and a methyl group at position 16. It derives from a heptadecan-1-ol. It derives from a hydride of a heptadecane. 
it (anhydrous) is a hydrochloride obtained by combining irinotecan with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used (in the form of its trihydrate) in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin, for the treatment of patients with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas after disease progression following gemcitabine-based therapy. It is converted via hydrolysis of the carbamate linkage to its active metabolite, SN-38, which is ~1000 times more active. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a prodrug. It contains an irinotecan(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of a semisynthetic derivative of itthecin, a cytotoxic, quinoline-based alkaloid extracted from the Asian tree ittheca acuminata. Irinotecan, a prodrug, is converted to a biologically active metabolite 7-ethyl-10-hydroxy-itthecin (SN-38) by a carboxylesterase-converting enzyme. One thousand-fold more potent than its parent compound irinotecan, SN-38 inhibits topoisomerase I activity by stabilizing the cleavable complex between topoisomerase I and DNA, resulting in DNA breaks that inhibit DNA replication and trigger apoptotic cell death. Because ongoing DNA synthesis is necessary for irinotecan to exert its cytotoxic effects, it is classified as an S-phase-specific agent. 
it is a retinobenzoic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits retinoblastoma-gene product (RB) phosphorylation and increases the presence of 2 cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitors, resulting in cell cycle arrest. This agent also causes a cytotoxic decline in cyclin A and thymidylate synthase expression. 
it is a member of the class of indazoles that is 3-(indazol-3-yl}prop-2-enoic acid carrying additional 2,4-dichlorobenzyl and trifluoromethyl substituents at positions 1 and 6 respectively. An orally active antispermatogenic compound with antifertility effects that is a potential male contraceptive drug. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor, a eukaryotic translation elongation factor 1alpha 1 inhibitor, a synthetic oral contraceptive and an antispermatogenic agent. It is a member of indazoles, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, an olefinic compound, a dichlorobenzene and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a lonidamine. 
it is a sesterterpenoid isolated from the marine sponge Luffariella variabilis and which has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity towards phospholipase A2. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor. It is a butenolide, a lactol and a sesterterpenoid. 
it is a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid that is 1,3-thiazolidine substituted by geminal methyl groups at position 2 and a carboxy group at position 4 (the 4R stereoisomer). It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-thiazolidine. 
it is a cardiotonic steroid secreted by the toad Bufo rubescens and other related species such as Bufo marinus. An endogenous Na/K-ATPase inhibitor, it is a vasoconstrictor with effects similar to digitalis. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor and an epitope. It is a steroid hormone and an epoxy steroid. It derives from a (5beta)-bufadienolide. 
it is a C24 straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite and a Daphnia tenebrosa metabolite. It is a very long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tetracosanoate. it is a saturated fatty acid with a 24-carbon backbone. it occurs naturally in wood tar, various cerebrosides, and in small amount in most natural fats. 
it is a member of the class of lipid As that is lipid A in which the free OH group on the N-hydroxytetradecanoyl group is carrying a palimitoyl group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of lipid As, a dodecanoate ester, a tetradecanoate ester and a hexadecanoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a member of the class of phenanthrolines that is 1,10-phenanthroline bearing two methyl substituents at positions 2 and 9. It has a role as a chelator. 
it is a hydrochloride derived from equimolar amounts of cinacalcet and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a calcimimetic and a P450 inhibitor. It derives from a cinacalcet. it is the orally bioavailable hydrochloride salt of the calcimimetic cinacalcet. Cinacalcet increases the sensitivity of calcium-sensing receptors on chief cells in the parathyroid gland to extracellular calcium, thereby reducing parathyroid hormone (PTH) secretion. A reduction in PTH levels inhibits osteoclast activity, which may result in a decrease in cortical bone turnover and bone fibrosis, and normalization of serum calcium and phosphorus levels. In addition, by reducing PTH levels, cinacalcet may reduce PSA levels; PTH appears to raise PSA levels and may increase prostate cancer cell growth. 
it is a dimeric isoquinoline alkaloid isolated from Ancistrocladus abbreviatus and has been shown to exhibit anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-HIV-1 agent and an anti-HIV-2 agent. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a polyphenol, a ring assembly, a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether, a methoxynaphthalene and a member of naphthols. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
A drug that selectively activates certain subclasses of muscarinic receptors and also activates postganglionic nicotinic receptors. It is commonly used experimentally to distinguish muscarinic receptor subtypes. 
it appears as a white to straw-colored liquid with an ether-like odor. About the same density as water and insoluble in water. Flash point 70Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a fuel. Shock sensitive. The shock sensitivity is removed by addition of 1-2% of propane, butane, chloroform, ethyl ether, or methyl ether. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. it is a synthetic derivative of pyrimidine with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates and crosslinks DNA, resulting in DNA strand breaks and inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis. This agent is more active against tumor cells that are defective in p53 function. (NCI04) 
it is an organic cation that is adenosine alkylated at position N1 by a tuberculosinyl group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from an adenosine and a tuberculosinol. 
it is the sodium salt of alendronate, a second generation bisphosphonate and synthetic analog of pyrophosphate with bone anti-resorption activity. it binds to and inhibits the activity of geranyltranstransferase (farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase), an enzyme involved in terpenoid biosynthesis. Inhibition of this enzyme prevents the biosynthesis of isoprenoid lipids (FPP and GGPP) that are donor substrates of farnesylation and geranylgeranylation during the post-translational modification of small GTPase signalling proteins, which is important in the process of osteoclast turnover. As a result, osteoclast activity is inhibited and bone resorption and turnover are reduced. 
itfungin is an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. itfungin inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
it is a member of the class of triazolopyrimidines that is [1,2,4]triazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-amine carrying additional ethyl and octyl substituents at positions 5 and 6 respectively. A fungicide for the control of late blight and downey mildew on potatoes and other crops including vines. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of triazolopyrimidines and an aromatic amine. 
3-(p-nitrophenyl)propanoic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is 3-phenylpropionic acid in which the hydrogen at the para position of the phennyl group has been replaced by a nitro group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 3-phenylpropionic acid. 
it is a member of the class of dihydroxypyridines that is 1,4-dihydroxypyridin-2-one carrying an additional 6-ethenyl-2,4-dimethylcyclohexyl substituent at position 3. it is a MMP-2 (Gelatinase A) inhibitor with antibiotic and anticancer properties. Also indicated to be a lipid peroxidation and DNA synthesis inhibitor as well as a free radical scavenger. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, a radical scavenger and an EC 3.4.24.24 (gelatinase A) inhibitor. It is a pyridone, a dihydroxypyridine and an olefinic compound. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyruvate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-leucinium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-leucinate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is one of nine essential amino acids in humans (provided by food), it is important for protein synthesis and many metabolic functions. it contributes to regulation of blood-sugar levels; growth and repair of muscle and bone tissue; growth hormone production; and wound healing. it also prevents breakdown of muscle proteins after trauma or severe stress and may be beneficial for individuals with phenylketonuria. it is available in many foods and deficiency is rare. (NCI04) 
3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-7, 8-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavanols. These are polycyclic compounds containing a hydroxylated isoflavan skeleton. 3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-7, 8-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Corticotropin-releasing hormone (human) is a corticotropin-releasing hormone from human/rat composed of Ser, Glu, Glu, Pro, Pro, Ile, Ser, Leu, Asp, Leu, Val, Phe, His, Leu, Leu, Arg, Glu, Val, Leu, Glu, Met, Ala, Arg, Ala, Glu, Gln, Leu, Ala, Gln, Gln, Ala, His, Ser, Asn, Arg, Lys, Leu, Met, Glu, Ile and Ile-NH2 residues joined in sequence. It is a corticotropin-releasing hormone and a peptidyl amide. 
Commercial citrate of caffeine, though not a definite salt. It is the alkaloid caffeine, with a portion of adherent citric acid, as indicated by its pharmacopoeial name (citrated caffeine). Its general action and uses are the same as those given under caffeine. it is used chiefly as a remedy for the idiopathic headache (migraine). This salt is very soluble in water, and is assimilated much more readily than pure caffeine when taken into the stomach. (NCI04) 
Dolasetron, also known as MDL 73147EF or anzemet, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives. Indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid group (or a derivative thereof) linked to an indole. Dolasetron exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Dolasetron has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, dolasetron is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Dolasetron is an indole derivative and a potent serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist with anti-emetic property. Dolasetron blocks the activity of serotonin released from the enterochromaffin cells of the small intestine by selectively inhibiting and inactivating 5-HT3 receptors located on the nerve terminals of the vagus nerve in the periphery and centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone of the area postrema. This results in suppression of signalling to trigger chemo- and radiotherapy induced nausea and vomiting. 
it is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 7.2 at 20 â„ƒ. It is a member of morpholines, a it and an organosulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(N-morpholino)propanesulfonate. It is a tautomer of a 3-(N-morpholiniumyl)propanesulfonate. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid comprising hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid substituted at position 15 by a methyl group. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isoheptadecanoate. 
Usually colorless to light colored liquids with an ammonia-like odor. Flammable. May be very corrosive to skin, eyes, mucus membranes and metals. They are often used as fungicides and to manufacture other chemicals. 
it is the D-enantiomer of tartaric acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a D-tartrate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-tartaric acid. 
Triptonolide is a tetracyclic diterpenoid with formula C20H22O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a member of phenols, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid in which the hydroxy groups are located at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a member of resorcinols. It derives from a benzoic acid. 
it is a hydrate. It contains a cetylpyridinium chloride. Cetylpyridinium Chloride is the chloride salt form of cetylpyridinium, a quaternary ammonium with broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity. Upon topical administration, cetylpyridinium chloride is positively charged and reacts with the negatively charged microbial cell surfaces, thereby destroying the integrity of the cell membrane. This causes leakage of intracellular components leading to microbial cell death. 
it is an isobenzofuranone that is 2-benzofuran-1(3H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7 and a (S)-hydroxy(4-hydroxyphenyl)methyl group at position 3. It has been isolated from the roots of Scorzonera judaica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an isobenzofuranone, a member of phenols and a secondary alcohol. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02241772 (A Study on the Effects of it on Lp(a) in Subjects With Elevated Lp(a)). 
it is a tertiary amine, an organochlorine compound and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an estrogen antagonist, an estrogen receptor modulator and a bone density conservation agent. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. it is a nonsteroidal triphenylethylene antiestrogen. Chemically related to tamoxifen, it is a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). This agent binds competitively to estrogen receptors, thereby interfering with estrogen activity. it also has intrinsic estrogenic properties, which are manifested according to tissue type or species. (NCI04) 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a mild odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Nonflammable. May be toxic by ingestion or inhalation. Used as a solvent and heat transfer fluid. 
it is a phenylpropanoid that is cinnamyl alcohol in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 on the benzene ring are replaced by hydroxy groups while that at position 5 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a catechol, a phenylpropanoid and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a cinnamyl alcohol. 
it is a colorless to pale yellow liquid with a sweet odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a member of the class of chloroethanes that is ethane substituted by chloro groups at positions 1, 1, 2 and 2. 
Leucine is a branched-chain amino acid that consists of glycine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-carbon is substituted by an isobutyl group. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a branched-chain amino acid and an alpha-amino acid. It contains an isobutyl group. It is a conjugate base of a leucinium. It is a conjugate acid of a leucinate. 
Clindamycin is a semisynthetic broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of the parent compound lincomycin. Clindamycin dissociates peptidyl-tRNA from the bacterial ribosome, thereby disrupting bacterial protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
17beta-estradiol 3-O-carboxymethyl ether is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol in which the 3-hydroxy group carries a carboxymethyl substituent. It has a role as a hapten. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a monocarboxylic acid and an ether. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. 
it is an epithilone that is epithilone C in which the hydrogen at position 13 of the oxacyclohexadec-13-ene-2,6-dione macrocycle has been replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a microtubule-stabilising agent. it is a natural polyketide compound isolated from the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum. Also known as it, it binds to tubulin and inhibits the disassembly of microtubules, resulting in the inhibition of mitosis, cellular proliferation, and cell motility. (NCI04) 
it is a white solid with a weak odor of ammonia. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the ammonium salt of formic acid. It has a role as a buffer. It derives from a formic acid. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is aniline substituted at position 2 by a 3-aminopropanoyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a substituted aniline, a primary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a benzoxazine that is N-(prop-2-yn-1-yl)-2H-1,4-benzoxazin-3(4H)-one which is substituted at position 6 by a 1,3-dioxo-1,3,4,5,6,7-hexahydro-2H-isoindol-2-yl group and at position 7 by a fluorine. A protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitor, it is used for the control of weeds in soya, peanuts, and a variety of vegetable and fruit crops. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor and a teratogenic agent. It is a benzoxazine, a terminal acetylenic compound, a dicarboximide and an organofluorine compound. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Mitobronitol is a brominated analog of mannitol with potential antineoplastic activity. Mitobronitol most likely acts through alkylation via derived epoxide groups. Mitolactol is a synthetic derivative of hexitol with antineoplastic and radiosensitizing properties. Mitolactol alkylates DNA via actual or derived epoxide groups, resulting in inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl thioesters. These are thioester derivatives of a fatty acid with the general formula RC(=O)SR', where R is the fatty acyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a cardenolide glycoside that is the 2'-acetyl derivative of neriifolin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a cardenolide glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative and an acetate ester. It derives from a neriifolin. 
it is a dihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 8. A dihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 8. A naturally occurring flavonoid produced by several plants, including the weed Tridax procumbens (coalbuttons or tridax daisy) and the tree Godmania aesculifolia, In animal models, it has shown efficacy against several diseases of the nervous system, including Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and Huntington's. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a tropomyosin-related kinase B receptor agonist, an antidepressant, an antioxidant and an antineoplastic agent. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound and an organooxygen compound. It has a role as a metabolite and a oneirogen. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. Thus, it a is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it a can be found in fruits. This makes it a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A semi-synthetic macrolide antibiotic structurally related to ERYTHROMYCIN. It has been used in the treatment of Mycobacterium avium intracellulare infections, toxoplasmosis, and cryptosporidiosis. 
it is dicarboxylate anion of ferroheme b; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. It is a cyclic tetrapyrrole anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of a ferroheme b. 
it is a beta-lactone proteasome inhibitor derived from lactacystin. It has a role as a proteasome inhibitor. It is a beta-lactone and a lactam. It derives from a lactacystin. 
it, also known as it or O-tolyl mercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiophenols. Thiophenols are compounds containing a thiophenol ring, which a phenol derivative obtained by replacing the oxygen atom from the hydroxyl group (attached to the benzene) by a sulfur atom. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an egg, garlic, and meaty taste. 
Succinyl-Leu-Leu-Val-Tyr-7-amino-4-methylcoumarin is a tetrapeptide compound with a succinyl group at the N-terminal and a 7-amino-4-methylcoumarin group at the C-terminal. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a tetrapeptide and a member of 7-aminocoumarins. 
it is a colorless to straw colored liquid. A polyunsaturated fatty acid essential to human diet. it is an octadecadienoic acid in which the two double bonds are at positions 9 and 12 and have Z (cis) stereochemistry. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a Daphnia galeata metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is an omega-6 fatty acid and an octadecadienoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a linoleate. it is a polyunsaturated essential fatty acid found mostly in plant oils. It is used in the biosynthesis of prostaglandins and cell membranes. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless flammable gas. May become unstable. Not toxic but asphyxiation may occur because of displacement of oxygen. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy and sulfate groups of 12-sulfojasmonic acid. Major species at pH 7.3 It is a 5-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and an organosulfate oxoanion. 
it is a sunscreen blocker. it is a topical, broad range UV protector and blocks UVA I, UVA II, and UVB wavelengths, thereby limiting the impact of UV rays on skin. (NCI05) 
it appears as colorless crystals. This material is used as a non-systemic insecticide. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a 5-methoxy-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2(3H)-one. 
it is a nitrile that is acetonitrile in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group while a second hydrogen is replaced by a 4-hydroxybenzyl group. It is a specific agonist for estrogen receptor beta (ERbeta). It has a role as an estrogen receptor agonist. It is a member of phenols and a nitrile. 
Chondroitin sulfate e (galnac4, 6Dis-glca), precursor 5a belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-phenylureas. N-phenylureas are compounds containing a N-phenylurea moiety, which is structurally characterized by a phenyl group linked to one nitrogen atom of a urea group. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid carrying additional hydroxy and (2-methoxyphenyl)diazenyl substituents at positions 4 and 3 respectively. The sodium salt is the biological stain 'acid red 4'. It is a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a member of naphthols and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-3-[(2-methoxyphenyl)diazenyl]naphthalene-1-sulfonate. 
it is a cholanic acid conjugate anion that is the conjugate base of glycohyocholic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a cholanic acid conjugate anion and a N-acylglycinate. It is a conjugate base of a glycohyocholic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is dopamine in which the phenolic hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of phenols and a primary amino compound. It derives from a dopamine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside that is egonol in which the hydroxy hydrogen has been replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a rat metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a plant metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a member of 1-benzofurans, an aromatic ether, a member of benzodioxoles, a biaryl and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from an egonol. 
it is a REV-ERB agonist. SR-9011 has been demonstrated that it is specifically lethal to cancer cells and oncogene-induced senescent cells, including melanocytic naevi, and has no effect on the viability of normal cells or tissues. 
it is a nitrile that is acetonitrile where one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 1H-indol-3-yl group. It has a role as an auxin, a plant hormone, a plant metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a nitrile and a member of indoles. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
it is a lignan that consists of a 3,4-dimethyloxolane ring substituted by 4-hydroxyphenyl groups at positions 2 and 5 respectively (the 2R,3R,4S,5S-stereoisomer). Isolated from the roots of Krameria lappacea, it exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a NF-kappaB inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a member of oxolanes and a member of phenols. 
it is an octanol carrying the hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is an octanol and a secondary alcohol. 
it is the hemihydrate form of estradiol, the most potent, naturally produced estrogen. it diffuses through the cell membrane and binds to and subsequently activates the nuclear estrogen receptor found in the reproductive tract, breast, pituitary, hypothalamus, liver, and bone. The activated complex binds to the estrogen response element on the DNA and activates the transcription of genes involved in the functioning of the female reproductive system and secondary sex characteristics. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Flash point 150Â°F. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. Used to make other chemicals, solvents, fumigants and insecticides and for many other uses. it is a dichlorobenzene carrying chloro substituents at positions 1 and 2. It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent and a metabolite. 
it is the fatty acid ethyl ester of 3-hydroxybutyric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 3-hydroxybutyric acid. 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is 2,6-diamino-5-chloropyrimidine in which the amino groups at positions 2 and 6 are respectively carrying 2-methoxy-4-(piperidin-4-yl)-5-methylphenyl and 2-(isopropylsulfonyl)phenyl substituents. Used for the treatment of ALK-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is an aminopyrimidine, an aromatic ether, an organochlorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a member of piperidines and a sulfone. it is an orally available inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase activity of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits wild-type ALK kinase, ALK fusion proteins and ALK point mutation variants. Inhibition of ALK leads to both the disruption of ALK-mediated signaling and the inhibition of cell growth in ALK-overexpressing tumor cells. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development. ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a variety of tumor cell types. 
it is an imidothiocarbamic ester that consists of isothiourea bearing S-3-(imidazol-4-yl)propyl and N-4-chlorobenzyl substituents. An extremely potent histamine H3 antagonist/inverse agonist (pA2 = 9.93). Also displays partial agonist activity at H4 receptors; induces eosinophil shape change with an EC50 of 3 nM. It has a role as a H3-receptor antagonist and a H4-receptor agonist. It is a member of imidazoles, an imidothiocarbamic ester and an organochlorine compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is an L-lysine derivative arising from reductive alkylation of the N(2)-position of L-lysine by pyridoxal-5-phosphate. It has a role as an epitope. It is a L-lysine derivative and an organic phosphate. It derives from a pyridoxal. 
it is an enamide that is (2E)-N-isobutylhept-2-enamide which is substituted at position 7 by a 3,4-methylenedioxyphenyl group. A natural product found in Piper sarmentosum. It has a role as a metabolite, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is an alkaloid, a member of benzodioxoles, an enamide and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a 2-methylpropanamine. 
it is a long-acting, first-generation, cyclohexyl sulfonylurea with antihyperglycemic activity. it has greater potency than chlorpropamide and tolbutamide. This agent may cause jaundice. 
it is shipped as a slurry or wet mass of pale yellow crystals. If it should dry out it can explode due to shock, heat, flame, or friction. The primary hazard is blast where the entire load can explode instantaneously and not from flying projectiles and fragments. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat they can explode. it is a it and a one-carbon compound. It is a tautomer of a 2-it. 
it is a penicillin that is 6-aminopenicillanic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 2,6-dimethoxybenzoyl group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a semisynthetic, narrow spectrum beta-lactamase-resistant penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. it binds to specific penicillin-binding proteins (BPBs) on the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to an interruption of the bacterial cell wall and causes bacterial lysis. 
it, also known as L-lysine or acetate, lysine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. it can be converted into N(alpha)-acetyl-L-lysine methyl ester(1+). Lysine is one of nine essential amino acids in humans required for growth and tissue repair, Lysine is supplied by many foods, especially red meats, fish, and dairy products. Lysine seems to be active against herpes simplex viruses and present in many forms of diet supplements. The mechanism underlying this effect is based on the viral need for amino acid arginine; lysine competes with arginine for absorption and entry into cells. Lysine inhibits HSV growth by knocking out arginine. (NCI04) 
it, also known as benzaldehyde, 4-ethyl or ebal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoyl derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an acyl moiety of benzoic acid with the formula (C6H5CO-). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sweet, almond, and bitter tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, nuts, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an oral absorption promoter. it may be used as a delivery agent to promote the oral absorption of certain macromolecules with poor bioavailability such as the peptides insulin and heparin. 
Coenzyme A is a coenzyme containing pantothenic acid, adenosine 3-phosphate 5-pyrophosphate, and cysteamine; involved in the transfer of acyl groups, notably in transacetylations. 
it is an orally active PARP inhibitor developed by Tesaro to treat ovarian cancer. FDA approval on March 2017. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) types 1 and 2 (PARP-1 and -2), with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits the activity of PARP-1 and -2, thereby inhibiting PARP-1 and -2-mediated DNA repair, enhancing the accumulation of DNA strand breaks, promoting genomic instability and resulting in apoptosis. The PARP family of proteins catalyzes post-translational ADP-ribosylation of nuclear proteins and is activated by single-strand DNA (ssDNA) breaks. 
it is the actetate salt form of chlormadinone, a synthetic progestin with antiandrogenic and antigonadotropic effects. it (CMA) is a potent progesterone receptor (PR) agonist, a partial androgen receptor (AR) antagonist and a weak glucocorticoid receptor (GR) antagonist. Chlormadinone binds to PRs, which induces the expression of progesterone-responsive genes. In addition, chlormadinone blocks ARs in target organs and reduces the activity of skin 5 alpha-reductase; thus inhibiting androgen production and signaling. Through the negative feedback action on the hypothalamus-pituitary system, chlormadinone also suppresses gonadotropin secretion, which prevents ovarian and adrenal androgen production. Therefore, this agent decreases endometrial thickness, increases the viscosity of cervical mucus, inhibits ovulation and suppresses follicular growth and maturation. 
it is a propanone that is acetone in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of propanones, a methyl ketone, a primary alcohol and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from an acetone. 
it is a trihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid in which the three hydroxy substituents are located at the 3alpha-, 6alpha- and 7alpha-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a C24-steroid, a 6alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid and a member of muricholic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea in which the sulfur atom is attached to a 4-(methoxycarbonyl)-2-methylthiophen-3-yl group and in which the non-sulfonated nitrogen is substituted by a 3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl group. It is a herbicide used for the selective control of grasses and broadleaf weeds primarily in corn. It has a role as an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of thiophenes, a methyl ester, a member of triazoles, a N-sulfonylurea and an ether. It derives from a thiencarbazone. 
A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium such as the aqueous humor. 
Collidine appears as a clear colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. 
Cefotaxime is a third generation semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefotaxime inhibits mucopeptide synthesis by binding to and inactivating penicillin binding proteins thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of bacterial cell walls. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it is a dioxolane derivative and a novel L-configuration deoxycytidine analogue with potent antineoplastic activity. When incorporated into growing chain during DNA replication, it stops DNA polymerization due to its unnatural L-configuration, in contrast to the normal nucleotides with D-configuration. As a result, this agent terminates DNA synthesis upon incorporated into DNA molecules, and consequently interrupts tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a carotenone that consists of beta,beta-carotene bearing four oxo substituents at positions 2, 2', 4 and 4'. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the amino to the phosphate group of 1-stearoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine. It is a lysophosphatidylethanolamine zwitterion 18:0 and a 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a 1-stearoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Oncology, Follicular Lymphoma, B-cell Malignancies, Mantle Cell Lymphoma, and Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, among others. it is an orally available inhibitor of spleen tyrosine kinase (Syk), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration of it, this agent may inhibit the activity of Syk, which inhibits B-cell receptor (BCR) signaling and leads to an inhibition of tumor cell activation, migration, adhesion and proliferation. Syk, a non-receptor cytoplasmic, BCR-associated tyrosine kinase, is expressed in hematopoietic tissues and is often overexpressed in hematopoeitic malignancies. 
it is a benzenediol comprising of a benzene core carrying two hydroxy substituents ortho to each other. It has a role as a genotoxin, an allelochemical and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a itate(1-). 
it is a thiopurine that is inosine in which the aromatic hydroxy group is replaced by a methylsulfanediyl group. It is a purine ribonucleoside and a thiopurine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abdominal Pain, Colonic Transit, Crohn's Disease, Rectal Sensation, and Gastric Emptying, among others. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a mild, balsam, and carnation taste. 
it is a member of the class of naphthalenediols that is naphthalene-1,4-diol substituted at position 2 by a phytyl group. It is a member of naphthalenediols, an olefinic compound and a naphthohydroquinone. It derives from a naphthalene-1,4-diol. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (5R)-5-hydroxyhexanoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). It is a metabolite of the nematodes Caenorhabditis elegans and Pristionchus pacificus. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a (5R)-5-hydroxyhexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by 2-chloro-4-(4-chlorophenoxy)phenyl and 1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl groups. A broad spectrum fungicide with novel broad-range activity used as a spray or seed treatment. It is moderately toxic to humans, mammals, birds and most aquatic organisms. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, a dioxolane, a member of triazoles, a cyclic ketal, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is a thiochromane that is 3,4-dihydro-2H-1-benzothiopyran S,S-dioxide in which the hydrogens at position 4 are both replaced by methyl groups, the hydrogens at position 7 is replaced by a heptyloxy group, while the hydrogen at position 6 is replaced by a 1-phenylprop-1-en-2-yl group, the phenyl group of which is substituted at the para position by a carboxy group. It is a selective antagonist for retinoic acid receptor alpha. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor alpha antagonist and an apoptosis inducer. It is a thiochromane, a sulfone, a member of benzoic acids and an aromatic ether. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has a berry, butter, and fruity taste. 
it is a white liquid with a mild odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a saturated fatty aldehyde that is heptane in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by a formyl group. It is a metabolite of the plasticisers di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (DEHP) and di-2-ethylhexyl adipate (DEHA). It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acylaminobenzoic acid and derivatives. These are derivatives of amino benzoic acid derivatives where the amine group is N-acylated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make dyes and pharmaceuticals. 
it, also known as a-terpinyl anthranilic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a bitter, fruity, and lily taste. 
it is an alpha-D-glucoside consisting of D-glucitol having an alpha-D-glucosyl residue attached at the 4-position. Used as a sugar substitute. It has a role as a metabolite, a laxative and a sweetening agent. It derives from an alpha-D-glucose and a D-glucitol. 
it is a clear brown liquid characterized by a rose-orange odor. Insoluble in water. Found in at least 20 essential oils, including rose and citrus oils and several species of pine oil. it is a saturated fatty aldehyde formally arising from reduction of the carboxy group of nonanoic acid. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. It derives from a nonanoic acid. 
it is conjugate base of it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is an indene that is (3aS,7aR)-2,3,3a,4,5,7a-hexahydro-1H-indene which is substituted at the 2-pro-R position by a 1H-pyrrol-2-ylcarbonyl group, at the 9-pro-S position by an ethyl group, and at the 5-pro-R position by a hexa-1,3-dineyl group in which position 4 has been substituted by a (2R,3S,6R)-6-[(1R)-1-carboxyethyl]-3-methyltetrahydropyran-2-yl group. It exhibits activity against Gram-positive bacteria as well as antihypertensive and antitumour. It also functions as an effective growth promoter for ruminants. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an animal growth promotant, an ionophore, an antihypertensive agent and an insecticide. It is a member of oxanes, an indene, an aromatic ketone and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is (14aR)-11,12,13,14,14a,15-hexahydro-9H-dibenzo[f,h]pyrido[1,2-b]isoquinoline substituted at positions 2, 3 and 6 by methoxy groups. It has a role as a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an antiviral agent. It is an alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and an alkaloid antibiotic. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in alcoholic beverages and citrus. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is malonic acid in which one of the methylene hydrogens has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a benzyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of nicotinic acid with benzyl alcohol. It has been used as a rubefacient. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. It derives from a nicotinic acid. 
Remazole black-GR is a bis(azo) compound with two aryldiazenyl moieties placed at positions 2 and 7 of a multi-substituted naphthalene. It has a role as a dye. It is a bis(azo) compound, a sulfone and an organic sodium salt. It contains a remazole black-GR (4-). 
Cefditoren Pivoxil is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefditoren pivoxil is a prodrug that is rapidly hydrolyzed by intestinal esterases during absorption to the microbiologically active cefditoren, an active aminothiazolyl cephalosporin. Cefditoren inactivates penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with peptidoglycan synthesis and inhibiting bacterial cell wall synthesis. Another consequence of beta-lactam exposure results in the loss of lipoteichoic acids from the cell wall. Lipoteichoic acids inhibit murein hydrolase activity and their absence from the cell wall triggers uncontrolled autolytic activity rendering bacterial cells susceptible to osmotic shock. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it is a benzodioxine that is 2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxine in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 has been replaced by a 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl group. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It is a benzodioxine and a member of imidazolines. 
it is a lysophosphatidylcholine 18:0 in which the acyl substituent is located at position 1 and is specified as stearoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is a 1-O-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine and a lysophosphatidylcholine 18:0. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride form of betaine, a crystalline alkaloid occurring in sugar beets and other plants. Betaine, acting as a transmethylating metabolic intermediate, is the oxidation product of choline. it is used as a gastric acidifier supplement. 
it is a berberine alkaloid that is 5,8,13,13a-tetrahydro-6H-[1,3]dioxolo[4,5-g]isoquino[3,2-a]isoquinoline substituted by methoxy groups at positions 9 and 10. It is a berberine alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether and an oxacycle. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Flash point 15Â°F. Less dense (6.1 lb / gal) than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 2-methylpropanamine is an alkylamine having isobutyl as the alkyl group. It has been isolated from Sambucus nigra (Elderberry). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-methylpropanaminium. 
9,10-Secoergosta-5,7,10(19),22-tetraene-3,25-diol. Biologically active metabolite of vitamin D2 which is more active in curing rickets than its parent. The compound is believed to attach to the same receptor as vitamin D2 and 25-hydroxyvitamin D3. 
it is a polyprenol diphosphate compound having five prenyl units with undefined stereochemistry about the double bonds. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 7,12-dihydropyrido[3',2':2,3]azepino[4,5-b]indole substituted at positions 6 and 9 by oxo and bromo groups respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor and a Wnt signalling activator. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a lactam and an organobromine compound. 
it, also known as iso-amyl N-valerate or isopentyl pentanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-methylbutyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an apple and ripe taste. 
it is commercially available both as a colorless crystalline solid and processed into prills for specific applications. Soluble in water. Does not readily burn but will do so if contaminated with combustible material. Accelerates the burning of combustible material. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make fertilizers and explosives, and as a nutrient in producing antibiotics and yeast. it is the ammonium salt of nitric acid. It has a role as a fertilizer, an explosive and an oxidising agent. It is an inorganic molecular entity, an ammonium salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is propiophenone in which one of the hydrogens alpha- to the carbonyl is substituted by a diethylamino group. A central stimulant and indirect-acting sympathomimetic, it is an appetite depressant and is used as the hydrochloride as an anoretic in the short term management of obesity. It has a role as an appetite depressant. It is a tertiary amine and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a propiophenone. it is an amphetamine derivative and a sympathomimetic stimulant with anti-obesity and appetite-suppressant properties. it stimulates neurons to release and maintain high levels of catecholamines including dopamine and norepinephrine resulting in a suppression of hunger signals and appetite. This agent may also indirectly affect leptin-neuropeptide Y (NPY) neurotransmission, which exerts control on metabolic processes such as food intake and body weight homeostasis. Via elevated catecholamine, it indirectly elevates leptin levels in the brain, which in turn inhibits production of NPY, a potent stimulator of feeding behavior, thereby preventing the initiation of eating, increasing energy expenditure, and decreasing fat storage. 
it is an organic phosphate that consists of phosphoethanolamine bearing N-amidino and O-methyl substituents. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an organic perchlorate salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it cation. 
Alanyl-glutamine, also known as it or ala-GLN, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Alanyl-glutamine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it is a nutritional supplement containing a stable, water-soluble dipeptide comprised of the amino acids L-glutamine and L-alanine, with potential protective and absorption enhancing activities. Upon oral or enteral administration, it works locally in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract to both protect the integrity of the intestinal mucosa and maintain intestinal barrier functions. This reduces bacterial translocation, the risk of infection, infection-induced inflammatory damage and infection-associated symptoms, such as diarrhea, dehydration, malabsorption and electrolyte imbalances. it also increases absorption of other chemicals, enhances epithelial repair, and inhibits apoptosis due to cellular damage, and stimulates cellular proliferation. Altogether, this improves absorption of nutrients, decreases weight loss, reduces diarrhea, decreases the risk of GI-associated infections and improves recovery. Upon absorption, it may also help inhibit muscle protein catabolism. 
Benzylpenicillin potassium is organic potassium salt of benzylpenicillin. It contains a benzylpenicillin(1-). it is the potassium salt form of penicillin G, a broad-spectrum penicillin antibiotic. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBP), the enzymes that catalyze the synthesis of peptidoglycan, which is a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to the interruption of cell wall synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell growth inhibition and cell lysis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a carboxamidine heterocycle which is obtained by formal condensation of 4-amino-L-allothreonine with acetic acid. It is a carboxamidine, a secondary alcohol, a member of 1,4,5,6-tetrahydropyrimidines and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-itate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the citrate salt of alverine, resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of alvarine and citric acid. An antispasmodic that acts directly on intestinal and uterine smooth muscle, it is used in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. It has a role as a cholinergic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is a citrate salt and an organoammonium salt. It contains an alverine(1+). 
2'-deoxyinosine 5'-diphosphate(3-) is a 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate obtained by deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups of 2'-deoxyinosine 5'-diphosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2'-deoxyinosine-5'-diphosphate. 
A gamma-emitting RADIONUCLIDE IMAGING agent used in the evaluation of regional cerebral blood flow and in non-invasive dynamic biodistribution studies and MYOCARDIAL PERFUSION IMAGING. It has also been used to label leukocytes in the investigation of INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASES. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of isopropanol. It has a role as an anti-estrogen and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a phthalic acid monoester and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a propan-2-ol. 
it is an odorless white microcrystalline powder with a bitter taste. A 0.25% solution in water has a pH of 3.5 to 5.5. (NTP, 1992) Ampicillin Trihydrate is the trihydrate form of ampicillin, a broad-spectrum semisynthetic derivative of aminopenicillin. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by binding to penicillin binding proteins, thereby inhibiting peptidoglycan synthesis, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. 
it is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid that is prednisolone in which the hydrogens at the 9alpha and 16beta positions are substituted by a chlorine and a methyl group, respectively. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an anti-asthmatic drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a corticosteroid, a glucocorticoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a chlorinated steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a prednisolone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. After cell surface receptor attachment and cell entry, it enters the nucleus where it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in an altered gene expression and inhibition of proinflammatory cytokine production. 
it is an N-methylated dihydro acridine carrying carbonitrile and N-carboxyethylcarbamoyl substituents at C-9. It has a role as a hapten. 
3-Carbamoyl-1-beta-D-ribofuranosyl pyridinium hydroxide-5'phosphate, inner salt. A nucleotide in which the nitrogenous base, nicotinamide, is in beta-N-glycosidic linkage with the C-1 position of D-ribose. Synonyms: Nicotinamide Ribonucleotide; NMN. 
it appears as a pale straw colored liquid. Selective herbicide. Butyl 2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoate is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group 2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid with the hydroxy group of butan-1-ol. It is a carboxylic ester, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 2-(4-{[5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid and a butan-1-ol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydroisoquinolines. These are tetrahydrogenated isoquinoline derivatives. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Tetrodotoxin is a neurotoxin with potential analgesic activity. Tetrodotoxin binds to the pores of fast voltage-gated fast sodium channels in nerve cell membranes, inhibiting nerve action potentials and blocking nerve transmission. Although found in various species of fish (such as the pufferfish), newts, frogs, flatworms, and crabs, tetrodotoxin, for which there is no known antidote, is actually produced by bacteria such as Vibrio alginolyticus, Pseudoalteromonas tetraodonis, and other vibrio and pseudomonas bacterial species. 
2,2'-iminobis[1-(6-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-2H-chromen-2-yl)ethanol] is a member of the class of chromanes that is 2,2'-iminodiethanol in which one hydrogen attached to each hydroxy-bearing carbon is replaced by a 6-fluorochroman-2-yl group. It is an organofluorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol, a diol and a member of chromanes. it is a beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive and vasodilatory activity. it binds to and blocks the beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, nebivolol potentiates nitric oxide (NO), thereby relaxing vascular smooth muscle and exerting a vasodilatory effect. 
it is a 3-hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (R)-3-hydroxydecanoic acid. It is a (R)-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA and a 3-hydroxydecanoyl-CoA. It derives from a decanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as brassinolides and derivatives. These are cholestane based steroid lactones containing benzo[c]indeno[5, 4-e]oxepin-3-one. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 24-epibrassinolide is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 24-epibrassinolide can be found in broad bean and pulses. This makes 24-epibrassinolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carotenol. It has a role as a food colouring and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a (6'R)-beta,epsilon-carotene. it (LOO-teen) is a oxygenated carotenoid found in vegetables and fruits. it is found in the macula of the eye, where it is believed to act as a yellow filter. it acts as an antioxidant, protecting cells against the damaging effects of free radicals. 
it is a UDP-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine(2-) in which the anomeric centre of the galactosamine moiety has alpha-configuration; major species at pH 7.3. It is an UDP-N-acetyl-D-galactosamine(2-) and an UDP-monosaccharide(2-). It is a conjugate base of an it. 
(7R*, 8R*)-3-methoxy-3', 4, 7, 9, 9'-pentahydroxy-8, 4'-oxyneolignan belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lignans, neolignans and related compounds. These are plant products of low molecular weight formed primarily from oxidative coupling of two p-propylphenol moieties. They can also be described as micromolecules with two phenylpropanoid units coupled together. They can be attached in various manners, like C5-C5', C8-C8'. Most known natural lignans are oxidized at C9 and C9Â´ and, based upon the way in which oxygen is incorporated into the skeleton and on the cyclization patterns, a wide range of lignans of very different structural types can be formed (7R*, 8R*)-3-methoxy-3', 4, 7, 9, 9'-pentahydroxy-8, 4'-oxyneolignan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (7R*, 8R*)-3-methoxy-3', 4, 7, 9, 9'-pentahydroxy-8, 4'-oxyneolignan is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of isoquinolines carrying two methoxy substituents at positions 6 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid and a member of isoquinolines. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by a 4-methylbenzyl group. Isolated from Onosma hispida, it exhibits inhibitory activity against lipoxygenase. It has a role as a lipoxygenase inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
Dihydrourocanic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by an imidazol-4-yl group. It is a member of imidazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrourocanate. 
it is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt. It derives from a netilmycin. Netilmicin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of netilimicin, a semisynthetic, water soluble aminoglycoside antibiotic. Netilmicin is derived from sisomicin, a naturally occurring aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the fermentation of Micromonospora inyoensis. Netilmicin irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, netilmicin induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it appears as pale brown crystals or off-white solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a primary arylamine that is aniline in which the hydrogens at the 3- and 4-positions are replaced by methyl groups. A low-melting, crystalline solid, it is used in the production of vitamin B2, dyes, pesticides and other chemicals. It is a dimethylaniline and a primary arylamine. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, dehydroaporheine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, dehydroaporheine can be found in coffee and coffee products and root vegetables. This makes dehydroaporheine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a medium-chain primary fatty alcohol that is (E)-2-octene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a fragrance. It is an alkenyl alcohol, a medium-chain primary fatty alcohol and a primary allylic alcohol. 
it is a methyl ester that is uridine which is substituted at position 5 on the uracil ring by a methoxycarbonylmethoxy group. It is a member of uridines and a methyl ester. 
it is a paramagnetic contrast agent consisting of the disodium salt of the gadolinium ion chelated with the lipophilic moiety ethoxybenzyl (EOB) bound to diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid (DTPA). When placed in a magnetic field, gadolinium produces a large magnetic moment and so a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons; as a result, the signal intensity of tissue images observed with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be enhanced. Because this agent is preferentially taken up by normal functioning hepatocytes, normal hepatic tissue is enhanced with MRI while tumor tissue is unenhanced. In addition, because this agent is excreted in the bile, it may be used to visualize the biliary system using MRI. 
it is the salt formed from the acetylide monoanion and a single sodium cation. It is an acetylide and an organic sodium salt. It contains a dicarbide(1-). 
it is the active moiety of pamabrom, a mixture of 2-amino-2-methyl-propanol and bromotheophylline. From this mixture, bromotheophylline acts as a weak diuretic that has been used along with some analgesics to relieve the symptoms of premenstrual syndrome.  it is categorized on the FDA as a drug substance with an inactive state since March, 1980. It is also approved by Health Canada to be used alone or in combination with [DB00316] in OTC products. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (6E)-8-methylnon-6-enoic acid with the benzylic hydroxy group of vanillyl alcohol. A non-pungent analogue of capsaicin with a similar biological profile. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a hypoglycemic agent, an anti-allergic agent, an antioxidant, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent and a capsaicin receptor agonist. It is a carboxylic ester, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It derives from a vanillyl alcohol. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a colored crystalline solid of low toxicity that is soluble in water, ethyl alcohol and diethyl ether. it is a branched, short-chain fatty acid composed of propanoic acid having two methyl substituents at the 2-position. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and a short-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a pivalate. 
1-linoleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-D-myo-inositol(1-) is a 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-1D-myo-inositol(1-) in which the 1-acyl group is specified as linoleoyl. It is a conjugate base of a 1-linoleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-D-myo-inositol. 
it is an aminobenzenesulfonate that is the conjugate base of 2-aminobenzenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 2-aminobenzenesulfonic acid. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is cyclohexanecarboxylic acid substituted by an amino group at position 1. It derives from a cyclohexanecarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as ala-gly or L-alanine-glycine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a cyclic hydroxamic acid that is 1-hydroxypyridin-2(1H)-one in which the hydrogens at positions 4 and 6 are substituted by methyl and cyclohexyl groups, repectively. A broad spectrum antigfungal agent, it also exhibits antibacterial activity against many Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, and has anti-inflammatory properties. It is used a a topical treatment of fungal skin and nail infections. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an antiseborrheic. It is a pyridone, a cyclic hydroxamic acid and a hydroxypyridone antifungal drug. it is a synthetic, broad-spectrum antifungal agent with additional antibacterial and anti-inflammatory activities. it exerts its action by binding to and chelating trivalent cations, such as Fe3+ and Al3+, thereby inhibiting the availability of essential co-factors for enzymes. This may lead to a loss of activity of enzymes that are essential for cellular metabolism, organization of cell wall structure and other crucial cell functions. In addition, it exerts its anti-inflammatory activity by inhibiting 5-lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase (COX). 
it is a synthetic compound that acts as a selective antagonist at the dopamine receptor subtypes D2 and D3, and the serotonin receptor 5-HT3. It has been shown to exert potent antiemetic effects in animal studies and has been investigated for potential medical use. 
it is a stilbenoid with a structure of (E)-stilbene substituted at one of the C-4 positions by a nitro group. It has a role as a mutagen. 
it, also known as fema 2213 or orchindone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-hydroxybenzoic acid esters. These are benzoic acid esters where the benzene ring is ortho-substituted with a hydroxy group. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a bitter, clover, and floral taste. 
it is a penicillin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a semisynthetic, acid stable, penicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an orally available, it with potential antineoplastic and chemopreventive activities. it binds to and activates nuclear retinoic acid receptors (RAR), which in turn recruit coactivator proteins and promote, with other transcriptional complexes, the transcription of target genes. As a result, this agent may modulate the expression of genes involved in the regulation of cell proliferation, cell differentiation, and apoptosis of both normal and tumor cells. 
it is indicated for the acute treatment of migraine headaches with or without aura in adults. It was approved by the FDA on December 23, 2019, and is the first oral calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist approved for the acute treatment of migraine. Several oral small molecule CGRP receptor antagonists, belonging to a class of medications referred to as \ 
Compounds derived from TYROSINE via betalamic acid, including BETAXANTHINS and BETACYANINS. They are found in the Caryophyllales order of PLANTS and some BASIDIOMYCETES. 
it is a pyrazinoindole with a disulfide bridge spanning a dioxo-substituted pyrazine ring; mycotoxin produced by several species of fungi. It has a role as a mycotoxin, an immunosuppressive agent, an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor, a proteasome inhibitor and an antifungal agent. It is an organic disulfide, a pyrazinoindole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a dipeptide. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and turmeric. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02483247 (A Study of it in Combination With Selected Anti-Cancer Therapeutics in Adult Patients With Advanced Cancer). it is an orally available cancer cell stemness kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Even though the exact target has not been fully elucidated, amcasertib targets and inhibits one or more pathways involved in cancer stem cell survival. As a result, cancer stem cell (CSC) growth as well as heterogeneous cancer cell growth is inhibited. CSCs, self-replicating cells able to differentiate into heterogeneous cancer cells, appear to be responsible for both tumor relapse and metastasis. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as scalarane sesterterpenoids. These are sesterterpenoids with a structure based on the scalarane backbone. Scalarane is a tetracyclic compound, which is similar the homoandrostane with five methyl groups at the 4-, 4-, 8-, 17-, 17a-positions. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an N-hydroxy-alpha-amino-acid resulting from the formal N-hydroxylation of the amino group of piperidine-carboxylic acid (pipecolic acid). It is a N-hydroxy-alpha-amino-acid and a piperidinemonocarboxylic acid. It derives from a pipecolic acid. 
it is a hydrochloride salt that is the monohydrochloride of sotalol. It has both beta-adrenoreceptor blocking (Vaughan Williams Class II) and cardiac action potential duration prolongation (Vaughan Williams Class III) antiarrhythmic properties. It is used (usually as the hydrochloride salt) for the management of ventricular and supraventricular arrhythmias. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It contains a sotalol(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of sotalol, an ethanolamine derivative with Class III antiarrhythmic and antihypertensive properties. it is a nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor and potassium channel antagonist. In the heart, this agent inhibits chronotropic and inotropic effects thereby slowing the heart rate and decreasing myocardial contractility. This agent also reduces sinus rate, slows conduction in the atria and in the atrioventricular (AV) node and increases the functional refractory period of the AV node. In the lungs, sotalol inhibits vasodilation and bronchodilation. In addition, this agent inhibits renin release. 
it is a 1,3-diglyceride in which both acyl groups are specified as octanoyl. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite and an excipient. It derives from an octanoic acid. 
it is an antiprotozoal agent that was used in combination with tibroquinol. The combination agent was withdrawn from the market because of hepatoxicity. 
it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is replaced by an indol-2-yl group. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a member of indoles. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an alkaloid ester, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a itium(1+). 
it is a 3beta-sterol that is androsta-5,16-dien-3beta-ol substituted at position 17 by a 3-pyridyl group. Administered as the O-acetate, it is used for treatment of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.14.99.9 (steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase) inhibitor. It is a 3beta-sterol and a member of pyridines. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. it is a steroidal compound with antiandrogen activity. it inhibits the enzymatic activity of steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase (17alpha-hydrolase/C17,20 lyase complex; CYP17A1), a member of the cytochrome p450 family that catalyzes the 17alpha-hydroxylation of steroid intermediates involved in testosterone synthesis. Administration of this agent may suppress testosterone production by both the testes and the adrenals to castrate-range levels. 
2, 4-Dimethyl-5-propyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2, 4-Dimethyl-5-propyloxazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 2, 4-dimethyl-5-propyloxazole can be found in crustaceans, nuts, and potato. This makes 2, 4-dimethyl-5-propyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is cyclohexanecarboxylic acid substituted by a tert-butyl group at position 4 (the trans-stereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a cyclohexane. 
Hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone, also known as 3-(hydroxyacetyl)indole or 2-hydroxy-1-(1H-indol-3-yl)-ethanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indoles. Indoles are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2, 3-benzopyrrole. Hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone can be found in mushrooms. This makes hydroxymethyl indol-3-yl ketone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by a 6-heptynyl group. It is a dioxolane, a cyclic acetal and a terminal acetylenic compound. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
it is a pimarane diterpenoid that is (1S,4aS,4bS,7R,10aS)-1,4a,7-trimethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,4b,5,6,7,9,10,10a-dodecahydrophenanthrene carrying a carboxy group at position 1 and a vinyl group at position 7. It is a natural product found in several plant species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tricyclic diterpenoid, a monocarboxylic acid and a pimarane diterpenoid. 
Beraprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, under clinical trials for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension. It is also being studied for use in avoiding reperfusion injury. 
(2E)-3-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid, also known as (e)-24-dihydroxycinnamic acid or 2, 4-dihydroxy-trans cinnamate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated (2E)-3-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is 3-hydroxypropanoic acid substituted by a 3-hydroxyphenyl group at position 3. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 3-hydroxypropionic acid. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 12-HPETE. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an icosa-5,8,10,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a 12(R)-HPETE. 
it is an N(2)-acetylglutamine that has L-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid, a N(2)-acyl-L-glutamine and a N(2)-acetylglutamine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-glutaminate. It is an enantiomer of a N(2)-acetyl-D-glutamine. 
it appears as red-brown liquid with a sharp, unpleasant chemical odor. Low-boiling (boiling point 21.15Â°C) and held as a liquid by compression. Density 1.448 g / cm3. Consists of an equilibrium mixture of brown NO2 (nitrogen dioxide) and colorless N2O4 (it). Evolves poisonous brown vapors. Cylinders and ton containers may not be equipped with a safety relief device. Prolonged exposure of the containers to fire or heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. 
it is a secondary alcohol that is 3-methylpentane substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a biomarker and a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propanoic acid substituted at position 2 by a (1S,4R,4aS,8aR)-4,7-dimethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,8a-octahydronaphthalen-1-yl group. It is a sesquiterpenoid precursor of the antimalarial drug, artemisinin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of octahydronaphthalenes and a sesquiterpenoid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydroartemisinate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Liver Cancer, Breast Cancer, Melanoma (Skin), and Metastatic Cancer, among others. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
A constituent of STRIATED MUSCLE and LIVER. It is an amino acid derivative and an essential cofactor for fatty acid metabolism. 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax ginseng that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 6alpha, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 20 have been converted to the corresponding alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranoside and beta-D-glucopyranoside respectively, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent and a nephroprotective agent. It is a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucoside, a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a disaccharide derivative and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is hexanoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group and a methyl group at position 3. It is a metabolite found in human sweat. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a volatile organic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-3-methylhexanoate. 
A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclohexyl pentanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is the D-enantiomer of pinitol. It has a role as a member of compatible osmolytes. It derives from a 1D-chiro-inositol. It is an enantiomer of a L-pinitol. 
it is a hydroxamic, non-amino acid derivative angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a member of the class of benzothiazoles that is 2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole substituted at positions 2' 6 and 7 by 4-aminophenyl, methyl and sulfo groups respectively. The monosodium salt is the biological dye 'primuline'. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a member of benzothiazoles, a ring assembly, a substituted aniline and an arenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2'-(4-aminophenyl)-6-methyl[2,6'-bi-1,3-benzothiazole]-7-sulfonate. 
it is a colorless to pale yellow oily liquid with a sweet rose odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a monoterpenoid consisting of two prenyl units linked head-to-tail and functionalised with a hydroxy group at its tail end. It has a role as a fragrance, an allergen, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid, a primary alcohol and a 3,7-dimethylocta-2,6-dien-1-ol. 
Acid fuchsin (free acid form) is an arenesulfonic acid that is 3-[(4-amino-3-methylphenyl)(4-aminophenyl)methylidene]-6-iminocyclohexa-1,4-diene-1-sulfonic acid in which the hydrogens ortho to the amino functions are replaced by phenyl groups. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'acid fuchsin'. It is an arenesulfonic acid, an imine and a primary arylamine. It is a conjugate acid of an acid fuchsin(2-). 
it is a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a cationic sphingoid that is the conjugate acid of phytosphingosine, obtained by protonation of the primary amino function; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a phytosphingosine. 
it is a member of the class of sulfamides that is sulfamide in which the hydrogens attached to one of the nitrogens are replaced by methyl groups, while those attached to the other nitrogen are replaced by a phenyl and a [dichloro(fluoro)methyl]sulfanediyl group. A fungicide introduced in 1965 and used in the cultivation of fruit and vegetables, as well as in wood preservatives, it is no longer approved for use in the European Union. It has a role as an acaricide and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of sulfamides, an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and a phenylsulfamide fungicide. It derives from a sulfamide. 
it is xanthine bearing a propyl substituent at position 3. A bronchodilator, it is used for the symptomatic treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a bronchodilator agent, an anti-asthmatic drug and an anti-arrhythmia drug. 
Benzamide, 3,5-dichloro-n-(1,1-dimethyl-2-propynyl)- is a white solid. Used as a selective herbicide. it is a member of the class of benzamides resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,5-dichlorobenzoic acid with the amino group of 2-methylbut-3-yn-2-amine. It is used as a systemic post-emergent herbicide for the control grass and broadleaf weeds in a wide range of in a wide variety of fruit and root crops. It has a role as a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene, a terminal acetylenic compound and a member of benzamides. 
it is an organic chloride salt having 3-amino-7-(dimethylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium as the counterion. It is used in making azure eosin stains for blood smear staining. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It contains a 3-amino-7-(dimethylamino)phenothiazin-5-ium. 
it is it in its six-membered ring form. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a D-aldohexose, a itnose and a mannopyranose. 
Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is a soluble iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate and citrate. FPC is categorized in Japan as a second class OTC drug. This category is given to drugs with ingredients that in rare cases may cause health problems requiring hospitalization or worst. It is also FDA approved since 2015. 
Fast blue salt B is an organic chloride salt composed of 3,3'-dimethoxy[1,1'-biphenyl]-4,4'-bis(diazonium), zinc and chloride ions in a ratio of 1:1:4. Used for detection of marijuana metabolites in urine. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an organic chloride salt and a zinc molecular entity. It contains a zinc dichloride and a fast blue B. 
it is an amidobenzoic acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthalen-2-yl)benzoic acid with the anilino group of 4-aminobenzoic acid. A selective RARalpha agonist. It has a role as a retinoic acid receptor alpha/beta agonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is an amidobenzoic acid and a member of tetralins. 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-(4-chloro-3-methylphenyl)-1-(4-methylbenzyl)-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxylic acid with the amino group of (1S,2S,4R)-1,3,3-trimethylbicyclo[2.2.1]heptan-2-amine. A potent and selective cannabinoid receptor type 2 (CB2 receptor) inverse agonist (Ki = 0.6 nM). It has a role as a CB2 receptor antagonist and an EC 2.3.1.26 (sterol O-acyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a member of pyrazoles, a secondary carboxamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a bridged compound. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 1,2,4-triazol-3-yl group. It is a member of triazoles and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
An alkaloid found in the seeds of STRYCHNOS NUX-VOMICA. It is a competitive antagonist at glycine receptors and thus a convulsant. It has been used as an analeptic, in the treatment of nonketotic hyperglycinemia and sleep apnea, and as a rat poison. 
(E)-it is a member of the class of cinnamic acids that is trans-cinnamic acid carrying a methoxy substituent at position 2 on the benzene ring. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is a member of cinnamic acids and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
Oxidized glutathione, also known as glutathione disulfide or GSSG, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Oxidized glutathione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Oxidized glutathione has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. Within the cell, oxidized glutathione is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. Oxidized glutathione exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Oxidized glutathione participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Oxidized glutathione can be converted into glutathione; which is catalyzed by the enzyme glutathione reductase, mitochondrial. In addition, Oxidized glutathione can be biosynthesized from glutathione through the action of the enzyme glutathione peroxidase 1. In humans, oxidized glutathione is involved in the trisalicylate-choline action pathway, the piroxicam action pathway, the salsalate action pathway, and the oxaprozin action pathway. Oxidized glutathione is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the hyperinsulinism-hyperammonemia syndrome pathway, 5-oxoprolinase deficiency, succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency, and leukotriene C4 synthesis deficiency. 
4-acetoxy acetophenone is a methyl ketone that is acetophenone substituted by an acetoxy group at position 4. It is a member of acetophenones and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from an acetophenone. 
it is a dibenzooxazepine compound having a chloro substituent at the 2-position and a piperazin-1-yl group at the 11-position. It has a role as an antidepressant, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, a dopaminergic antagonist and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. it is a tricyclic antidepressant of the dibenzoxazepine class. it exerts its antidepressant effect by inhibiting the re-uptake of norepinephrine and, to a lesser degree, of serotonin, at adrenergic nerve endings and blocks the response of dopamine receptors to dopamine. This drug is used to treat symptoms of depression and may cause tardive dyskinesia. it also binds to alpha-adrenergic, histaminergic, and cholinergic receptors which accounts for many of the side effects seen with this agent. 
it is an amber liquid. Pure compound is almost colorless; technical product is light brown to tan. Used in insecticides, fungicides, and nematocides. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of lactic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a rac-lactic acid and a 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 1-cyano-8-(methylthio)octane or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitriles. Nitriles are compounds having the structure RC#N; thus C-substituted derivatives of hydrocyanic acid, HC#N. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 9-(methylthio)nonanenitrile is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 9-(methylthio)nonanenitrile can be found in green vegetables. This makes 9-(methylthio)nonanenitrile a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Cyclolaudenol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloartanols and derivatives. These are steroids containing a cycloartanol moiety. Cyclolaudenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Cyclolaudenol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclolaudenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cyclolaudenol can be found in french plantain, opium poppy, potato, and soy bean. This makes cyclolaudenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a serine derivative having a 2,4-dinitrophenyl substituent on nitrogen. It is a C-nitro compound, a serine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It contains a hydroxymethyl group. It derives from a serine. 
(S)-atropine is an atropine with a 2S-configuration. It derives from a (S)-tropic acid. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-atropinium. it is a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. it functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is ibogamine in which the indole hydrogen para to the indole nitrogen has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is the primary (and long-lived) metabolite of ibogaine, the psychoactive indole alkaloid found in the African rainforest shrub Tabernanthe iboga. It has a role as a psychotropic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a NMDA receptor antagonist and a kappa-opioid receptor agonist. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and a secondary amino compound. It derives from an ibogaine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Acarbose, also known as bay g 5421 or glumida, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminocyclitol glycosides. These are organic compounds containing an amicocyclitol moiety glycosidically linked to a carbohydrate moiety. There are two major classes of aminoglycosides containing a 2-streptamine core. They are called 4, 5- and 4, 6-disubstituted 2-deoxystreptamines. Acarbose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Acarbose has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, acarbose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Acarbose is a pseudotetrasaccharide and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase and pancreatic alpha-amylase with antihyperglycemic activity. Acarbose binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. In addition, acarbose inhibits pancreatic alpha-amylase which hydrolyzes complex starches to oligosaccharides in the small intestines. 
it powder, dry, is a grayish metallic colored powder. Dust from dry powder may be ignited by static electricity. The dry powder reacts with moisture to produce hydrogen, a flammable gas. The heat from this reaction may be sufficient to ignite the hydrogen. It does not appreciably react with large quantities of water. 
it is a macrocyclic lactone isolated from the fermentation broth of the fungal culture Penicillium verrucosum and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against bacterial DNA primase enzyme. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite and an EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitor. It is a macrocyclic lactone and an enone. 
it is a sulfonamide that is N-phenylmethanesulfonamide in which the phenyl group is sustituted at position 4 by a 1-hydroxy-2-(isopropylamino)ethyl group. It has both beta-adrenoreceptor blocking (Vaughan Williams Class II) and cardiac action potential duration prolongation (Vaughan Williams Class III) antiarrhythmic properties. It is used (usually as the hydrochloride salt) for the management of ventricular and supraventricular arrhythmias. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an anti-arrhythmia drug, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of ethanolamines, a secondary amino compound, a secondary alcohol and a sulfonamide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an ethanolamine derivative with Class III antiarrhythmic and antihypertensive properties. it is a nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor and potassium channel antagonist. In the heart, this agent inhibits chronotropic and inotropic effects thereby slowing the heart rate and decreasing myocardial contractility. This agent also reduces sinus rate, slows conduction in the atria and in the atrioventricular (AV) node and increases the functional refractory period of the AV node. 
it is a quinoline alkaloid that is furo[2,3-b]quinolin-4-one bearing additional 3,3-dimethylallyl and methoxy substituents at positions 9 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furoquinoline, a quinoline alkaloid, an aromatic ether and an olefinic compound. 
it is a white powder. It is insoluble in water and soluble in most acids, with the exception of sulfuric acid. It has a specific gravity of 4.275. It is toxic by ingestion. 
it is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid comprising dihydrosanguinarine carrying a hydroxy substituent at the 10-position. It derives from a hydride of a sanguinarine. 
it is a colorless to light amber solid with a a slight odor. Mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a dithiocarbamate salt that is the disodium salt of ethylenebis(dithiocarbamic acid). A fungicide, algicide and bactericide used on various crops including on cotton, capsicums, onions and rice crops, it is considered to be a carcinogen, so is not licensed for use within the European Union. Mixing it with zinc sulfate affords the fungicide zineb. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dithiocarbamate salt and an organic sodium salt. It contains an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamate). 
it is a secondary alcohol that is butan-2-ol in which one of the methyl hydrogen atoms is substituted by chlorine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound, a secondary alcohol and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from dichromic acid. It is a chromium oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it. 
it is a glucaric acid derivative. It derives from a D-glucaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it, also known as 4-(isothiocyanatomethyl)-phenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-hydroxy-2-unsubstituted benzenoids. These are phenols that are unsubstituted at the 2-position. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. 
it, also known as fema 3880, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
Peposertib is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of DNA-dependent protein kinase (DNA-PK) with potential antineoplastic activity, and potential sensitizing and enhancing activities for both chemo- and radiotherapies. Upon administration, peposertib binds to and inhibits the activity of DNA-PK, thereby interfering with the non-homologous end joining (NHEJ) process and preventing repair of DNA double strand breaks (DSBs) caused by ionizing radiation or chemotherapeutic treatment. This increases chemo- and radiotherapy cytotoxicity and leads to enhanced tumor cell death. The enhanced ability of tumor cells to repair DSBs plays a major role in the resistance of tumor cells to chemo- and radiotherapy; DNA-PK plays a key role in the NHEJ pathway and DSB repair. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in peach. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, [&lt;= 50% with inert inorganic solid] is a clear, colorless to slightly yellow liquid with a mild, aromatic odor. Also stored and transported as a mixture with inert solids and as a solvent slurry, to mitigate the explosion hazard. 
it is an odorless white solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is an organic sodium salt consisting of sodium and oxalate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a poison and a reducing agent. It is an oxalate salt and an organic sodium salt. It contains an oxalate(2-). 
it is a long-chain fatty alcohol that is heptadecane in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it is a sphingoid that is the C17 analogue of sphingosine. It is an aminodiol and a sphingoid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 2-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a C-nitro compound and a N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide. It derives from a 2-nitrophenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylisoflavones. These are isoflavones with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the isoflavone backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an acyclic guanosine analog with activity against herpes simplex virus (HSV). it is phosphorylated to its triphosphate form by HSV thymidine kinase in infected cells and acts as a specific inhibitor of the viral DNA polymerase. It is incorporated into both RNA and DNA but only inhibits DNA synthesis. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an acrylic acid. 
Polyvinylpyrrolidone is a white powder. Compatible with a wide range of hydrophilic and hydrophobic resins. (NTP, 1992) Povidone-Iodine is an iodophor solution containing a water-soluble complex of iodine and polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) with broad microbicidal activity. Free iodine, slowly liberated from the polyvinylpyrrolidone iodine (PVPI) complex in solution, kills eukaryotic or prokaryotic cells through iodination of lipids and oxidation of cytoplasmic and membrane compounds. This agent exhibits a broad range of microbicidal activity against bacteria, fungi, protozoa, and viruses. Slow release of iodine from the PVPI complex in solution minimizes iodine toxicity towards mammalian cells. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of fentanyl, a synthetic, lipophilic phenylpiperidine opioid agonist with analgesic and anesthetic properties. Fentanyl selectively binds to the mu-receptor in the central nervous system (CNS) thereby mimicking the effects of endogenous opiates. Stimulation of the mu-subtype opioid receptor stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex and subsequently inhibits adenylate cyclase. This results in a decrease in intracellular cAMP and leads to a reduction in the release of neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline. The analgesic effect of fentanyl is likely due to its metabolite morphine, which induces opening of G-protein-coupled inwardly rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels and blocks the opening of N-type voltage-gated calcium channels, thereby resulting in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability. 
it is a branched-chain fatty acid that is 3-methylpentanoic acid carrying a hydroxy substitutent at position 2. It is a branched-chain fatty acid, a short-chain fatty acid and a 2-hydroxy fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-3-methylpentanoate. 
it is a monoalkyl phosphate in which the alkyl group is specified as 6-aminohexyl. It is a monoalkyl phosphate and a primary amino compound. 
An alkaloid found in the root of Rauwolfia serpentina, among other plant sources. It is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent that apparently acts by changing the shape and threshold of cardiac action potentials. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an apricot, fruity, and gardenia taste. 
it is an acetate ester obtained by formal acetylation of the tertiary hydroxy group of 2-[(8S)-2-oxo-8,9-dihydro-2H-furo[2,3-h][1]benzopyran-8-yl]propan-2-ol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furanocoumarin and an acetate ester. 
Desmopressin Acetate is an analogue of the hormone vasopressin with antidiuretic and antihemorrhagic properties. Desmopressin acetate has selective affinity for the V2 receptor and acts on the distal kidney tubule by increasing the cellular permeability thereby stimulating water reabsorption. This antidiuretic agent is used in the treatment of central diabetes insipidus. An unrelated action of desmopressin acetate is to increases circulating factor VIII and is used in patients with haemophilia and von Willebrand's disease. 
it is an enediyne antineoplastic antibiotic hybrid containing an aminoglycoside chromophore. it is isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces carzinostaticus. The aminoglycoside component of it intercalates into DNA and the benzene diradical intermediate of the enediyne core binds to the minor groove of DNA, resulting in single- and double-strand breaks in DNA and apoptosis. (NCI04) 
it is a methoxybenzoic acid that is 2-methoxybenzoic acid which is substituted at position 3, 5, and 6 by chlorines. It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and a synthetic auxin. It is a methoxybenzoic acid and a trichlorobenzene. 
it is a colorless liquid with a fishy odor. Used as an insecticide; is neither produced nor used in the U.S. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a benzothiazine that is piroxicam in which the pyridin-2-yl group is replaced by a 5-methyl-1,3-thiazol-2-yl group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and selective inhibitor of COX-2, it is used particularly for the management of rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antirheumatic drug, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and an analgesic. It is a benzothiazine, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of 1,3-thiazoles. it is an oxicam derivative and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, antipyretic and analgesic activities. Unlike traditional nonselective NSAIDs, it preferentially inhibits the activity of cyclo-oxygenase II (COX-II), resulting in a decreased conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandin precursors. The resulting decrease in prostaglandin synthesis is responsible for the therapeutic effects of it. 
(9R,10S)-dihydroxyoctadecanoic acid is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is octadecanoic acid in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 9R and 10S. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (9S,10R)-dihydroxyoctadecanoic acid. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside having hydroxytyrosol as the anomeric substituent. Isolated from Zantedeschia aethiopica and Picrorhiza scrophulariiflora, it exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a member of catechols. It derives from a hydroxytyrosol. 
it is a bile acid that is 5beta-cholan-24-oic acid bearing three hydroxy substituents at positions 3alpha, 7beta and 12alpha. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and an EC 1.1.1.159 (7alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It is a bile acid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid, a C24-steroid, a trihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a 7beta-hydroxy steroid. It is a conjugate acid of an it. 
it is a lactaldehyde. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of acyl-CoAs that is the S-[4-(2-carboxyphenyl)-4-oxobutanoyl] derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a 2-succinylbenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a bell, green, and pepper taste. 
it is an alkanesulfonic acid obtained by the formal substitution of one of the methyl hydrogens of propane-1,2-diol by a sulfonic acid group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alkanesulfonic acid and a member of propane-1,2-diols. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
3, 5, 7-Trihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one, also known as dihydro-kempferol or aromadendrin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavanonols. Flavanonols are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, with a structure characterized by a 2-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a hydroxyl group and a ketone at the carbon C2 and C3, respectively. 3, 5, 7-Trihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Outside of the human body, 3, 5, 7-trihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one can be found in european plum and tea. This makes 3, 5, 7-trihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a radioconjugate of synthetic active thyroid hormone, liothyronine (T3), labeled with Iodine 125. Liothyronine involves many important metabolic functions and is essential to the proper development and differentiation of all cells. I-125 liothyronine may be used in radiotherapy in thyroid cancers. 
it, also known as porrate c, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzofurans. Dibenzofurans are compounds containing a dibenzofuran moiety, which consists of two benzene rings fused to a central furan ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a purine nucleoside in which O-methylguanine is attached to arabinofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond. Inhibits DNA synthesis and causes cell death; a prodrug of 9-beta-D-arabinofuranosylguanine (ara-G). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a purine nucleoside, a beta-D-arabinoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a guanine and a 9-beta-D-arabinofuranosylguanine. it is an arabinonucleoside antimetabolite with antineoplastic activity. it is demethoxylated by adenosine deaminase to become biologically active 9-beta-D-arabinosylguanine (ara-G); ara-G incorporates into DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis and inducing an S phase-dependent apoptosis of tumor cells. (NCI04) 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-leucine, L-phenylalanine and L-aspartic acid joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine, a L-phenylalanine and a L-aspartic acid. 
TG(22:0/22:0/22:0), also known as it or ato 888, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. Thus, TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) is considered to be a triradylglycerol lipid molecule. TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) has been found in human adipose tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) can be biosynthesized from DG(22:0/22:0/0:0) and docosanoyl-CoA through its interaction with the enzyme diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase. In humans, TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) is involved in the metabolic disorder called de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(22:0/22:0/22:0) pathway. 
1', 2'-Dihydro-1, 1'-dimethyl-2'-oxo-4, 4'-bipyridinium(1+) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bipyridines and oligopyridines. These are organic compounds containing two pyridine rings linked to each other. 1', 2'-Dihydro-1, 1'-dimethyl-2'-oxo-4, 4'-bipyridinium(1+) exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1', 2'-dihydro-1, 1'-dimethyl-2'-oxo-4, 4'-bipyridinium(1+) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative, an anthracycline antibiotic and a deoxy hexoside. It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. it is a semisynthetic 4-demethoxy analogue of the antineoplastic anthracycline antibiotic daunorubicin. it intercalates into DNA and interferes with the activity of topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication, RNA transcription and protein synthesis. Due to its high lipophilicity, it penetrates cell membranes more efficiently than other anthracycline antibiotic compounds. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug and an antihypertensive agent. it is a synthetic prostamide and structural prostaglandin analogue with ocular hypotensive activity. it mimics the effects of the endogenous prostamides and reduces intraocular pressure by increasing outflow of aqueous humor through both the pressure-sensitive outflow pathway (the trabecular meshwork), and the pressure-insensitive outflow pathway (the uveoscleral routes). It is not clear whether it lowers intraocular pressure by stimulating F-Prostanoid receptors or by acting on specific prostamide receptors. 
it is a cyclic purine dinucleotide that is the 3',5'-cyclic dimer of AMP. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a cyclic purine dinucleotide and an adenyl ribonucleotide. It is a conjugate acid of a cyclic di-AMP(2-). 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is sitosterol substituted by an additional alpha-hydroxy group at position 7. It has been isolated from the roots of Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a sitosterol. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
it is a brown solid with a mild odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a monochloroaniline that is p-toluidine in which one of the hydrogens that is meta to the amino group is replaced by a chlorine. It has a role as an avicide. It is a chloroaniline and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a p-toluidine. 
it, also known as N-methylcotininium ion, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidinylpyridines. Pyrrolidinylpyridines are compounds containing a pyrrolidinylpyridine ring system, which consists of a pyrrolidine ring linked to a pyridine ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver tissue. 
it is the ethyl ester of tazarotenic acid. A prodrug for tazarotenic acid, it is used for the treatment of psoriasis, acne, and sun-damaged skin. It has a role as a keratolytic drug, a prodrug and a teratogenic agent. It is a retinoid, a thiochromane, a member of pyridines, an acetylenic compound and an ethyl ester. It derives from a tazarotenic acid. it is a synthetic, topical retinoid. it induces the expression of it-induced gene 3 (TIG3), a tumor suppressor gene. In psoriasis, it normalizes abnormal keratinocyte differentiation and reduces their hyperproliferation. (NCI04) 
it is an odorless solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is an ammonium salt consisting of ammonium and oxalate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It is an ammonium salt and an oxalate salt. It contains an oxalate(2-). 
it is an isocyanate in which a single isocyanato substituent is located at C-1 of a hexane molecule; found to be immunogenic in guinea pigs. It has a role as an immunomodulator and an allergen. 
it is a pyran-2,4-dione substituted at position 3 by an acetyl group and at position 6 by a methyl group. A fungicide and bactericide it is used primarily in processed fruit and vegetables. It has a role as a fungicide, an antibacterial agent and a plasticiser. It is a pyran-2,4-dione and a ketone. 
it is the O-phospho derivative of N-methylethanolamine. It derives from a N-methylethanolamine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-methylethanolaminium phosphate(1-). 
3,5-di-O-caffeoyl quinic acid is a carboxylic ester that is the diester obtained by the condensation of the hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 5 of (-)-quinic acid with the carboxy group of trans-caffeic acid. Isolated from Brazilian propolis and Suaeda glauca, it exhibits hepatoprotective and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, a hepatoprotective agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cyclitol carboxylic acid and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a (-)-quinic acid and a trans-caffeic acid. 
it is a first-generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with activity against aerobic gram-positive and some community-acquired gram-negative bacteria. it is used in veterinary medicine. 
5-aza-2&#39;-deoxycytidine is a fine white crystalline powder. Used as a drug. it is a cytidine antimetabolite analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it incorporates into DNA and inhibits DNA methyltransferase, resulting in hypomethylation of DNA and intra-S-phase arrest of DNA replication. (NCI04) 
it is a novel atypical antipsychotic agent which, along with SLV313, [aripiprazole] and SSR-181507 combines minimal D2 receptor agonism with 5-HT receptor agonism. 
it appears as odorless white to pinkish crystals or purplish-tan powder. Aqueous solutions acidic (pH approximately 4.1 at 0.8 mg/L water) . (NTP, 1992) it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is salicylic acid substituted by an amino group at the 5-position. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is an aromatic amine, an amino acid, a member of phenols, a monocarboxylic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a mesalaminate(1-). it is an agent derived from sulfasalazine, an antiinflammatory agent. it may reduce inflammation through inhibition of cyclooxygenase and prostaglandin production. Following rectal or oral administration, only a small amount of it is absorbed; the remainder, acting topically, reduces bowel inflammation, diarrhea, rectal bleeding and stomach pain. (NCI04) 
it is a white to gray crystalline solid, which is sometimes shipped as an aqueous solution. It is corrosive to tissue. It is used in ceramics and to make other chemicals. 
Malvidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside is an anthocyanin cation consisting of malvidin having a beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at the 3-hydroxy position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, an anthocyanin cation and an aromatic ether. It derives from a malvidin. It is a conjugate acid of a malvidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside betaine. 
Erythrosine, also known as E127 or aizen erythrosine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthenes. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a xanthene moiety, which consists of two benzene rings joined to each other by a pyran ring. Erythrosine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, erythrosine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide, also known as dially tetrasulfide or 4, 5, 6, 7-tetrathia-1, 9-decadiene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as allyl sulfur compounds. Allyl sulfur compounds are compounds containing an allylsulfur group, with the general structure H2C(=CH2)CS. Di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide is a strong, garlic, and onion tasting compound that can be found in garlic, onion-family vegetables, and soft-necked garlic. This makes di-2-propenyl tetrasulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Succinyl-CoA is an omega-carboxyacyl-CoA having succinoyl as the S-acyl component. It has a role as an inhibitor, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a succinyl-CoA(5-). 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is homocysteine in which the thiol group has benn oxidised to the corresponding sulfonic acid. It is an amino sulfonic acid, a carboxyalkanesulfonic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a homocysteine. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH and carboxy groups of 2-phospho-D-glyceric acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2-phospho-D-glyceric acid. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is norethisterone in which the hydroxy group has been converted to its acetate ester. It has a role as a synthetic oral contraceptive and a progestin. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound and an acetate ester. It derives from a norethisterone. it is the orally bioavailable acetate salt of norethindrone, a synthetic progestin with some anabolic, estrogenic, and androgenic activities. As do all progestins, norethindrone binds to and activates nuclear progesterone receptors (PRs) in target tissues such as the pituitary and reproductive system; ligand-receptor complexes are translocated to the nucleus where they bind to progesterone response elements (PREs) located on target genes, followed by various transcriptional events and histone acetylation. Physiological effects include the inhibition of luteinizing hormone (LH) release, an increase in the endometrial luteal-phase, and alterations in endocervical mucus secretion. 
2-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-5, 7-dihydroxy-6-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-prenylated flavanones. These are flavanones that features a C5-isoprenoid substituent at the 6-position. 2-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-5, 7-dihydroxy-6-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a dibromophenol that is phenol in which both of the hydrogens that are ortho to the phenolic hydroxy group have been replaced by bromines. It has a role as a marine metabolite. It is a bromohydrocarbon and a dibromophenol. It derives from a 1,3-dibromobenzene. 
it is a organic heterotetracyclic compound that is ellipticine in which the hydrogen at position 9 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is a monomethoxybenzene that is 2-methoxyphenol substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of guaiacols and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
it is an amino monosaccharide consisting of D-glucose having a 3-hydroxy-3-methylbutanamido group at the 4-position, a 2-O-methyl group and lacking the 6-hydroxy group. 
it is a polyether that is the bis(4-guanidinophenyl) ether of hexane-1,6-diol. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antiseptic drug. It is an aromatic ether, a member of guanidines and a polyether. It derives from a hexane-1,6-diol. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 5-phosphate in which both phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a hydrate of nickel sulfate containing nickel (in +2 oxidation state), sulfate and water moieties in the ratio 1:1:7. It contains a nickel sulfate. 
it is a penicillanic acid ester that is the 1-phthalidyl ester of ampicillin. It is a prodrug of ampicillin. It has a role as a prodrug. It derives from an ampicillin and an o-phthalaldehydic acid. 
it is a methylbenzyl alcohol that is toluene in which one of the meta hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxymethyl group. It is a primary alcohol and a methylbenzyl alcohol. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of anhydromevalonic acid. It has a role as a coenzyme and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a homoallylic alcohol and a hydroxyacyl-CoA. 
it is a long-chain unsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of sapienic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is an unsaturated fatty acid anion, a long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain fatty acid anion and a hexadecenoate. It is a conjugate base of a sapienic acid. 
Benzylpenicilloic acid is a penicilloic acid where the side-chain N-acyl group is specified as phenylacetyl. It has a role as an epitope. It is a conjugate acid of a benzylpenicilloate(1-) and a benzylpenicilloate(2-). 
it is an organoiodine compound that is 3-amino-2,4,6-triiodobenzoic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is substituted by a 6-(3-carboxy-2,4,6-triiodoanilino)-6-oxohexanoyl group. It is a water-soluble radiographic contrast media for cholecystography and intravenous cholangiography. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. It is an organoiodine compound, a member of benzoic acids and a secondary carboxamide. It is a conjugate acid of an adipiodone(2-). it is a tri-iodinated benzoate derivative and ionic dimeric contrast agent used in diagnostic imaging. When administered in vivo, it is removed from the liver and secreted into the biliary tract. Like other organic iodine compounds, this agent blocks x-rays and appears opaque on x-ray film; thereby it enhances the visibility of the bile ducts and gallbladder during cholangiography and cholecystography procedures. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is benzaldehyde substituted by an isopropyl group at position 4. It is a component of essential oils from Cumin and exhibits insecticidal activities. It has a role as an insecticide, a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a cumene. 
it is a difluorocyclopropyl quinoline. Zosuquidar trihydrochloride binds with high affinity to P-glycoprotein and inhibits P-glycoprotein-mediated multidrug resistance (MDR). P-glycoprotein, encoded by the MDR-1 gene, is a member of the ATP-binding cassette superfamily of transmembrane transporters and prevents the intracellular accumulation of many natural product-derived cytotoxic agents. (NCI04) 
it is a N-arylpiperazine, a quaternary ammonium salt, a piperazinium salt and an organic iodide salt. It has a role as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02925650 (Safety, Tolerability, PK and PD of itÂ® in Subjects With Early Alzheimer's Disease). 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyrimidine having a methoxy substituent at the 5-position and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, a renal agent and a leprostatic drug. It is a member of pyrimidines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. it is a long-acting sulfonamide antibacterial agent used to treat urinary tract infections and leprosy. 
Deltait, also known as Î´it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, Deltait is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. Deltait is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Deltait has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, Deltait is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Deltait is an intensely, creamy, and earthy tasting compound that can be found in green vegetables. This makes Deltait a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a triple monoamine re-uptake inhibitor with a new, unique drug profile expected to yield important benefits compared to existing treatments of depression. Enhancing the function of the three neurotransmitters serotonin, noradrenalin and dopamine, it has a desired \ 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Lung Cancer, Kidney Cancer, Prostate Cancer, and Pancreatic Cancer, among others. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolidines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member saturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms (Â±)-it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a tetrahydropterin that is 5,6,7,8-tetrahydrobiopterin carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at the 4a-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tetrahydropterin and a hemiaminal. It derives from a 5,6,7,8-tetrahydrobiopterin. 
Stevioside, also known as eupatorin? or rebaudin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steviol glycosides. These are prenol lipids containing a carbohydrate moiety glycosidically linked to a steviol (a diterpenoid based on a 13-Hydroxykaur-16-en-18-oic acid) moiety. Stevioside exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, stevioside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is coumarin substituted by a hydroxy group ay position 7. It has a role as a fluorescent probe, a plant metabolite and a food component. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a disagreeable garlic odor. Flammable. Heavier than air. Flame easily flashes back to the source of leak. Extremely toxic by inhalation; has been used as a military poison gas. Confirmed human carcinogen. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket.  Rate of onset: Immediate to 24 hours  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 0.5 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Used in electronics industry; reacts with H20 (don't use H2O in fire). it is an arsine, a member of its and a mononuclear parent hydride. It is a conjugate base of an arsonium. It is a conjugate acid of an arsanide. 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is isoflavone substituted by a methoxy group at position 6, a hydroxy group at position 4' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at position 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a methoxyisoflavone, a hydroxyisoflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a 7-hydroxyisoflavones 7-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
it is the organophosphate oxoanion of overall charge -4 formed from undecaprenyldiphospho-N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanyl-D-gamma-glutamyl-meso-2,6-diaminopimeloyl-D-alanyl-D-alanine at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an undecaprenyldiphospho-N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanyl-D-gamma-glutamyl-meso-2,6-diaminopimeloyl-D-alanyl-D-alanine. 
Reyvow is a DEA Schedule V controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule V have a low potential for abuse relative to substances listed in Schedule IV and consist primarily of preparations containing limited quantities of certain narcotics. 
it appears as clear yellow crystals or yellow crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is the organofluorine compound that is benzene with a fluoro substituent at the 1-position and two nitro substituents in the 2- and 4-positions. It has a role as an agrochemical, a protein-sequencing agent, an EC 2.7.3.2 (creatine kinase) inhibitor, an allergen, a chromatographic reagent and a spectrophotometric reagent. It is a C-nitro compound and an organofluorine compound. it is an aromatic hydrocarbon composed of a benzene ring linked to two nitro groups and one fluoride group that is used for N-terminal amino acid sequencing by the Sanger method. In vitro, dinitrofluorobenzene (DNFB) reacts with the amine group in amino acids to produce dinitrophenyl (DNP)-amino acids. Then the sample is subjected to acid hydrolysis. Under these conditions, the peptide bonds are broken but the DNP-amino acid bonds remain intact. The DNP-amino acids can be recovered and their identities can be determined through the use of various chromatography techniques. This reagent can also be used to distinguish the reduced and oxidized forms of glutathione and cysteine. 
Neuropeptides of about 40 amino acids which are structurally similar to CORTICOTROPIN-RELEASING FACTOR. Unlike CRF acting primarily through type 1 CRF RECEPTORS, urocortins signal preferentially through type 2 CRF receptors. Urocortins have wide tissue distribution from fish to mammals, and diverse functions. In mammals, urocortins can suppress food intake, delays gastric emptying, and decreases heat-induced edema. 
it is a pyrimidine that is 5-(pyrimidin-2-yl}amino-2-methylbenzenesulfonamide substituted at position 4 by a (2,3-dimethylindazol-6-yl)(methyl)amino group. Used as its hydrochloride salt for treatment of kidney cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a member of indazoles, an aminopyrimidine and a sulfonamide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a small molecule inhibitor of multiple protein tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR)-1, -2 and -3, c-kit and platelet derived growth factor receptor (PDGF-R), which may result in inhibition of angiogenesis in tumors in which these receptors are upregulated. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt having periodate as the counterion. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It contains a periodate. 
it is an amino aldehyde that is acetaldehyde in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an omega-aminoaldehyde and an amino aldehyde. It is a conjugate base of an ammonioacetaldehyde. 
3, 6-Dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthrols. Phenanthrols are compounds containing a phenanthrene (or its hydrogenated derivative) to which a hydroxyl group is attached. 3, 6-Dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3, 6-dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3, 6-dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol can be found in opium poppy. This makes 3, 6-dimethoxy-4-phenanthrenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Adenosine 5'-[gamma-thio]triphosphate is a nucleoside triphosphate analogue that is ATP in which one of the oxygens attached to 3-phosphate group is replaced by sulfur. It derives from an ATP and a ({[(2R,3S,4R,5R)-3,4-dihydroxy-5-(9H-purin-9-yl)oxolan-2-yl]methyl phosphonato}oxy)(phosphonatooxy)phosphinate. 
Merbromin is an organic sodium salt that is 2,7-dibromo-4-hydroxymercurifluorescein in which the carboxy group and the phenolic hydroxy group have been deprotonated and the resulting charge is neutralised by two sodium ions. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a 2,7-dibromo-4-hydroxymercurifluorescein(2-). 
it is a dihydroxypyrrolidine that consists of 5-hydroxymethylpyrrolidine-3,4-diol bearing a 4-aminophenyl substituent at position 2 (the 2S,3S,4R,5R-diastereomer). It derives from an aniline. 
it is an aralkylamino compound that is histamine bearing a methyl substituent at the alpha-position (the R-enantiomer). It has a role as a H3-receptor agonist. It is a member of imidazoles and an aralkylamino compound. 
it is an alkane that is octane in which the two methylene hydrogens at position 3 have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a member of the class of imidazopyridines that is imidazo[1,2-a]pyridine substituted at positions 2 and 3 by phenyl and nitroso groups respectively. It is a nitroso compound and an imidazopyridine. 
it is the decanoate salt form of nandrolone, an anabolic steroid analog of testosterone with androgenic, anabolic, and erythropoietin stimulating effects. Nandrolone enters the cell and binds to and activates specific nuclear androgen receptors in responsive tissue, including the prostate, seminal vesicles, scrotum, penis, larynx, hair follicles, muscle, and bone. The resulting activated hormone receptor complex translocates into the nucleus and binds to androgen response elements (ARE) in the promoter region of targeted genes, where the complex promotes gene expression necessary for maintaining male sex characteristics. Mimicking the negative feedback mechanism of testosterone, it also suppresses the secretion of luteinizing hormone (LH). Furthermore, this agent also stimulates erythropoietin production by enhancing the production of erythropoietic stimulating factors. 
Raffinose, also known as delta-raffinose or gossypose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. Raffinose exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Raffinose has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and blood. Within the cell, raffinose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Raffinose participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Raffinose and D-galactose can be biosynthesized from stachyose through its interaction with the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. In addition, Raffinose can be converted into sucrose and D-galactose; which is mediated by the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. In humans, raffinose is involved in the galactose metabolism pathway. Raffinose is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the galactosemia pathway. 
it is an L-histidine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-histidine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-histidine derivative. 
it, also known as lithocholic acid glucuronide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroid glucuronide conjugates. These are sterol lipids containing a glucuronide moiety linked to the steroid skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (pentylsulfanyl)acetic acid. It derives from an octanoyl-CoA and a 2-(pentylsulfanyl)acetic acid. 
it is an organobromine compound that is bromobenzene in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 are replaced by 4-hydroxystyryl groups. It has a role as a fluorescent dye. It is an organobromine compound and a polyphenol. 
it is a synthetic partial beta-adrenergic agonist with sympathomimetic activity. it may bind to and stimulate beta-1-adrenergic receptors located in the myocardium. As a result, it leads to a positive inotropic effect and increases in cardiac output. 
2-O-palmitoyl-2'-O-sulfo-3-O-[(2E,4S,6S,8S)-2,4,6,8-tetramethyltriacont-2-enoyl]-alpha,alpha-trehalose is a sulfoglycolipid in which alpha,alpha-trehalose, sulfated at the 2'-position, is acylated at the 2-position with palmitic acid, and at the 3-position with (2S,4S,6S,8S)-2,4,6,8-tetramethyltriacontanoic acid. It has a role as an allergen. It is a sulfoglycolipid and a polyacyl alpha,alpha-trehalose derivative. It derives from an alpha,alpha-trehalose. 
it, also known as it or farcinicine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acetylarylamines. These are acetamides where one or more amide hydrogens is substituted by an aryl group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as L-glycero-D-manno-it or perseitol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sugar alcohols. These are hydrogenated forms of carbohydrate in which the carbonyl group (aldehyde or ketone, reducing sugar) has been reduced to a primary or secondary hydroxyl group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, D-glycero-D-galacto-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, D-glycero-D-galacto-it can be found in avocado and mushrooms. This makes D-glycero-D-galacto-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1-[(1R)-1-phenylethyl]-1H-imidazole-5-carboxylic acid is ethylbenzene in which the pro-R alpha-hydrogen is substituted by the nitrogen at the 1 position of 1H-imidazole-5-carboxylic acid. Its ethyl ester, etomidate, is used as an intravenous anaesthetic. 
it, also known as butyl 3-ketobutanoate or fema 2176, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C3 carbon atom. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has a sweet, brandy, and fermented taste. 
3-sulfino-L-alanine(1-) is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-sulfino-L-alanine, arising from deprotonation of the sulfino and carboxy groups and protonation of the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-sulfino-L-alanine. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-sulfinato-L-alaninate(2-). 
it is an N,N-disubstituted benzenesulfonamide bearing an unsubstituted amino group at the 4-position, used for the treatment of HIV infection. A second-generation HIV protease inhibitor, it was designed to form robust interactions with the protease enzyme from many strains of HIV, including those from treatment-experienced patients with multiple resistance mutations to other protease inhibitors. It has a role as a HIV protease inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It is a furofuran, a carbamate ester and a sulfonamide. it is a human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) protease nonpeptidic inhibitor, with activity against HIV. Upon oral administration, it selectively targets and binds to the active site of HIV-1 protease, and inhibits the dimerization and catalytic activity of HIV-1 protease. This inhibits the proteolytic cleavage of viral Gag and Gag-Pol polyproteins in HIV-infected cells. This inhibition leads to the production of immature, non-infectious viral proteins that are unable to form mature virions, and prevents HIV replication. 
it is an olefinic compound that is hexa-2,4-diene substituted by 4-hydroxyphenyl groups at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a xenoestrogen. It is a member of phenols and an olefinic compound. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is (-)-taxifolin substituted by a alpha-L-rhamnosyl moiety at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It is an alpha-L-rhamnoside, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a monosaccharide derivative, a flavanone glycoside and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (-)-taxifolin. It is an enantiomer of an astilbin. 
it is a type-B lantibiotic containing 3-methyllanthionine and S-(2-aminovinyl)-3-methylcysteine residues and four intra-chain thioether bridges. It is obtained from Bacillus sp. HIL Y-85,54728 and is active in vivo against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a type B lantibiotic and a macrocycle. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the sodium salt form of thiopental, an ultrashort-acting barbituric acid derivative, with anesthetic activity. Thiopental binds to the chloride ionophore site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A/chloride ionophore receptor complex, thereby enhancing the inhibitory actions of GABA-A in the brain. This leads to synaptic inhibition, decreased neuronal excitability and induction of anesthesia. In addition, this agent decreases glutamate (Glu) responses. 
it, also known as 2-keto-N-caprylate or 2-oxooctanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain keto acids and derivatives. These are keto acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-keto-N-caprylic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Lung Neoplasms, Breast Neoplasms, Sickle Cell Disease, and Head and Neck Cancer, among others. 
it is a small molecule inhibitor of the tyrosine kinase WEE1 with potential antineoplastic sensitizing activity. it selectively targets and inhibits WEE1, a tyrosine kinase that phosphorylates cyclin-dependent kinase 1 (CDK1, CDC2) to inactivate the CDC2/cyclin B complex. Inhibition of WEE1 activity prevents the phosphorylation of CDC2 and impairs the G2 DNA damage checkpoint. This may lead to apoptosis upon treatment with DNA damaging chemotherapeutic agents. Unlike normal cells, most p53 deficient or mutated human cancers lack the G1 checkpoint as p53 is the key regulator of the G1 checkpoint and these cells rely on the G2 checkpoint for DNA repair to damaged cells. Annulment of the G2 checkpoint may therefore make p53 deficient tumor cells more vulnerable to antineoplastic agents and enhance their cytotoxic effect. 
Alpha-naphthylisothiocyanate appears as odorless white needles or powder. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is an isothiocyanate. It has a role as an insecticide. It derives from a hydride of a naphthalene. 
Vitamin B refers to several water soluble vitamins often found together in foods, all of which are necessary for normal growth and metabolism, but none of which are synthesized in adequate amounts by humans. The common forms of vitamin B include vitamin B1 (thiamine), B2 (riboflavin), B3 (niacin), B6 (pyridoxine) and B12 (it). Except for niacin (when given in high doses), there is no evidence that the other B vitamins, in physiologic or even super-physiologic, high doses, cause liver injury or jaundice. The major forms of vitamin B and selected other water soluble vitamins (biotin, pantothenic acid, choline) are discussed briefly in this record. Cyanocobalamin is a cobalt-containing coordination compound generated by intestinal microbes, and a natural water-soluble vitamin of the B-complex family that must combine with Intrinsic Factor for absorption by the intestine. Cyanocobalamin is necessary for hematopoiesis, neural metabolism, DNA and RNA production, and carbohydrate, fat, and protein metabolism. B12 improves iron functions in the metabolic cycle and assists folic acid in choline synthesis. B12 metabolism is interconnected with that of folic acid. Vitamin B12 deficiency causes pernicious anemia, megaloblastic anemia, and neurologic lesions. 
it is the ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
(+)-it is a phytocassane that is ent-podocarp-12-ene-11-one carrying two alpha-hydroxy substituents at positions 1 and 3 as well as vinyl and beta-methyl substituents at positions 13 and 14, respectively. It is a diol and a phytocassane. 
it is a member of the class of indoles that is 1H-indole which is substituted at position 1 by a 5-fluoropentyl group and a position 3 by an o-fluorobenzoyl group. It is a selective agonist for the CB1 cannabinoid receptor; Ki values for the CB1 and CB2 receptors are 0.08 and 1.44 nM, respectively. It has a role as a cannabinoid receptor agonist. It is a member of indoles, an aromatic ketone, an organoiodine compound, an organofluorine compound and a synthetic cannabinoid. 
Serine/Threonine Kinase Inhibitor it is a peptide with G2 checkpoint-abrogating activity. G2 checkpoint inhibitor it inhibits multiple serine/threonine kinases, including MAPKAP-K2, C-Tak1, and CHK1, that phosphorylate serine 216 of the dual-specific phosphatase Cdc25C (cell division checkpoint 25 C); disruption of Cdc25C activity results in the inhibition of Cdc25C dephosphorylation of the mitotic cyclin-dependent kinase complex Cdc2/cyclin B, preventing entry into the mitotic phase of the cell cycle. 
Imisopasem Manganese is a manganese-based non-peptidyl mimetic of the human mitochondrial manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD), with potential antioxidant and chemo/radioprotective activities. Upon administration, imisopasem manganese mimics the activity of MnSOD and scavenges reactive oxygen species (ROS), such as superoxide anion, which prevents oxygen free radical damage to macromolecules such as DNA. This reduces ROS-mediated lipid peroxidation, prevents apoptosis and protects against oxygen free radical-induced toxicity in normal tissues. 
it is a primary aliphatic amine that is propan-1,2-diamine substituted by an isopropyl group at N(1) and a methyl group at position 2. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a primary aliphatic amine and a secondary aliphatic amine. 
Orthit is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is salicylaldehyde substituted by a methoxy group at position 3. It has a role as an antimutagen and a plant metabolite. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a salicylaldehyde. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetracarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly four carboxyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an alkanethiol that is the N-3-aminopropyl derivative of cysteamine. Used as the S-phosphorylated prodrug, amifostine, for cytoprotection in cancer chemotherapy and radiotherapy. It has a role as a radiation protective agent, an antioxidant and a drug metabolite. It is a diamine and an alkanethiol. It derives from a cysteamine. 
it is a retinoic acid in which the exocyclic double bonds have 7E,9Z,11E,13E geometry. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a retinoid X receptor agonist, a metabolite and a keratolytic drug. It is a conjugate acid of a 9-cis-retinoate. it is an orally- and topically-active naturally-occurring retinoic acid with antineoplastic, chemopreventive, teratogenic, and embryotoxic activities. it binds to and activates nuclear retinoic acid receptors (RAR) and retinoid X receptors (RXR); these activated receptors act as transcription factors, regulating gene expression that results in the inhibition of cell proliferation, induction of cell differentiation, and apoptosis of both normal cells and tumor cells. 
it is a selenomethionine consisting of L-selenomethionine having an adenosyl group attached to the selenium. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a member of adenosines, a member of selenomethionines and an organic cation. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a methanesulfonate salt obtained by reaction of eribulin with one equivalent of methanesulfonic acid. A fully synthetic macrocyclic ketone analogue of marine sponge natural products. Inhibits growth phase of microtubules via tubulin-based antimitotic mechanism, which leads to G2/M cell-cycle block, disruption of mitotic spindles, and, ultimately, apoptotic cell death after prolonged mitotic blockage. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a microtubule-destabilising agent. It contains an eribulin(1+). Eribulin Mesylate is the mesylate salt of a synthetic analogue of halichondrin B, a substance derived from a marine sponge (Lissodendoryx sp.) with antineoplastic activity. Eribulin binds to the vinca domain of tubulin and inhibits the polymerization of tubulin and the assembly of microtubules, resulting in inhibition of mitotic spindle assembly, induction of cell cycle arrest at G2/M phase, and, potentially, tumor regression. 
it is a C50 carotenoid that is a red-coloured pigment found in several Halobacterium and Haloarcula species. It has a role as a biological pigment and a bacterial metabolite. It is a C50 carotenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a tetrol. 
it is the hydrobromide salt of halofuginone, a semisynthetic quinazolinone alkaloid anticoccidial derived from the plant Dichroa febrifuga, with antifibrotic and potential antineoplastic activities. Halofuginone specifically inhibits collagen type I gene expression and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) gene expression, which may result in the suppression of angiogenesis, tumor stromal cell development, and tumor cell growth. These effects appear to be due to halofuginone-mediated inhibition of the collagen type I and MMP-2 promoters. Collagen type I and MMP-2 play important roles in fibro-proliferative diseases. 
Di-isononyl phthalate is an oily colorless liquid with a slight ester odor. Denser than water. Insoluble in water. (USCG, 1999) it is the diisononyl ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plasticiser. It is a phthalate ester and a diester. 
it appears as a detonating explosive in the form of light yellow needles. Slightly soluble in ether, alcohol, and benzene. Insoluble in water. As insensitive to shock as TNT. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may explode violently. it is the C-nitro compound that is chlorobenzene with three nitro substituents in the 2-, 4- and 6-positions. It has a role as an epitope, an explosive, a hapten and an allergen. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it appears as white amorphous lumps or a crystalline mass with a faint odor of bitter almonds. Density 1.52 g / cm3 Toxic by skin absorption through open wounds, by ingestion. Heating to decomposition produces toxic fumes. Used for gold and silver extraction, in chemical analysis, to make other chemicals, and as an insecticide. it is a cyanide salt containing equal numbers of potassium cations and cyanide anions. It has a role as an EC 1.9.3.1 (cytochrome c oxidase) inhibitor, an EC 1.15.1.1 (superoxide dismutase) inhibitor and a neurotoxin. It is a cyanide salt, a one-carbon compound and a potassium salt. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as fema 2729 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a cucumber, green, and leafy taste. 
Aluminum chlorohydrate is a group of water-soluble aluminum complexes with the general formula AlnCl(3n-m)(OH)m. It is included up to 25% in over-the-counter hygiene products as an active antiperspirant agent. The primary site of action of aluminum chlorohydrate is at the level of the stratum corneum layer, which is relatively near the skin surface. It is also used as a coagulant in the water purification process. 
it is a monohydroxyacetophenone that is acetophenone in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a primary alcohol, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a monohydroxyacetophenone. 
Perfluoro(ethylvinyl ether) appears as a colorless gas. Heavier than air. Easily liquefied. Contact with the unconfined liquid may cause frost bite by evaporative cooling. May asphyxiate by displacing air. A flame may flash back from a point of ignition to source of a leak. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the methyl ester of [2-({[1-(4-chlorophenyl)-1H-pyrazol-3-yl]oxy}methyl)phenyl]methoxycarbamic acid. A fungicide used to control major plant pathogens including Septoria tritici, Puccinia spp. and Pyrenophora teres. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of pyrazoles, a carbamate ester, an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a methoxycarbanilate strobilurin antifungal agent and a carbanilate fungicide. 
it is an amino acid amide amide in which N-butylglycine and 2-chloro-6-methylaniline have combined to form the amide bond; used as a local anaesthetic (amide caine). It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It is an amino acid amide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a phlorotannin that is [1,4]benzodioxino[2,3-a]oxanthrene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3, 6, 9 and 11. Isolated from the brown alga Ecklonia stolonifera, it exhibits radical scavenging activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a radical scavenger. It is a phlorotannin, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an oxacycle. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
it, also known as paracetamol cysteine or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-cysteine-s-conjugates. L-cysteine-S-conjugates are compounds containing L-cysteine where the thio-group is conjugated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, acetaminophen cystein is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from NAPQI and glutathione through its interaction with the enzymes glutathione S-transferase p and glutathione S-transferase theta-1. In addition, it can be converted into acetaminophen cystein; which is catalyzed by the enzyme multidrug resistance-associated protein 1. In humans, acetaminophen cystein is involved in the acetaminophen metabolism pathway. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, oblongine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, oblongine can be found in fruits. This makes oblongine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the 2'-O-phospho derivative of oleandomycin. It derives from an oleandomycin. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it appears as an anticancer drug. White to slightly yellow, amorphous or crystalline powder. Sensitive to light. Odorless. pH (0.1% solution) 3.5 - 4.5. (NTP, 1992) Vincristine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Catharanthus roseus (Vinca rosea L.) with antimitotic and antineoplastic activities. Vincristine binds irreversibly to microtubules and spindle proteins in S phase of the cell cycle and interferes with the formation of the mitotic spindle, thereby arresting tumor cells in metaphase. This agent also depolymerizes microtubules and may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca(2+)-activated ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Very toxic by ingestion, may also be toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. Vapors heavier than air. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fenugreek and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a nucleobase analogue that is uracil in which the oxo group at C-2 is replaced by a thioxo group. It has a role as an antithyroid drug and a metabolite. It is a thiocarbonyl compound and a nucleobase analogue. It derives from a uracil. it is a sulfur-containing uracil. An established antithyroid drug and highly selective inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase (NOS), thiouracil also covalently binds to dopaquinone, produced by tyrosinase catalyzed oxidation of tyrosine, thereby selectively accumulating in de novo-synthesized melanin in overactive melanin-producing cells and providing a means to localize melanoma cells. (NCI04) 
it is a tetrahydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide obtained by formal stereo- and regioselective hydration across the 5,6-double bond in the nicotinyl ring of NADH, with the hydroxy group located at position 6, having (S)-configuration. It is a tetrahydronicotinamide adenine dinucleotide and a hemiaminal. It derives from a NADH. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a dodecanoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of dodecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of dodecan-1-ol. It derives from a dodecan-1-ol. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02017730 (To Evaluate The Relationship Between Plasma Drug Levels And Receptor Binding in Lung Using PET (Positron Emission Tomography) In Healthy Volunteers). 
it is a hydroxymethylpyridine with hydroxymethyl groups at positions 4 and 5, a hydroxy group at position 3 and a methyl group at position 2. The 4-methanol form of vitamin B6, it is converted intoto pyridoxal phosphate which is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters, sphingolipids and aminolevulinic acid. It has a role as a cofactor, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a monohydroxypyridine, a vitamin B6, a member of methylpyridines and a hydroxymethylpyridine. 
Cyclosporin A metabolite M1A is a cyclosporin A derivative that is cyclosporin A in which the allylic methyl group of residue 1 [(2S,3R,4R,6E)-3-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-(methylamino)oct-6-enoic acid] has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a cyclosporin A derivative and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a cyclosporin A metabolite M17. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthracenes. These are organic compounds containing a system of three linearly fused benzene rings. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a semisynthetic sesquiterpene derivative of illudin S, a natural toxin isolated from the fungus Omphalotus illudens. it alkylates DNA and protein macromolecules, forms adducts, and arrests cells in the S-phase of the cell cycle. This agent requires NADPH-dependent metabolism by alkenal/one oxidoreductase for activity. it is more active in vitro against tumor cells of epithelial origin and is more resistant to deactivation by p53 loss and MDR1 than other alkylating agents. (NCI04) 
it is a phthalazine compound having an oxo substituent at the 1-position, a 1-methylazepan-4-yl group at the 2-position and a 4-chlorobenzyl substituent at the 4-position. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent, an anti-asthmatic drug, a bronchodilator agent, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor. It is a member of phthalazines, a tertiary amino compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it(2-) is a nucleotide-sugar oxoanion that is the dianion of it arising from deprotonation of both OH groups of the diphosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls that is biphenyl with hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 4'. It derives from a hydride of a biphenyl. 
3-Epiite belongs to the class of organic compounds known as solanidines and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure based on the solanidane skeleton. Solanidane arises from the conversion of a cholestane side-chain into a bicyclic system. 3-Epiite exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. 3-Epiite has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-epiite is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-epiite can be found in alcoholic beverages, potato, and root vegetables. This makes 3-epiite a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a synthetic organometallic compound containing the element germanium with possible antineoplastic activity. it exhibits significant toxicity, particularly neurotoxicity. (NCI04) 
Guanidinium chloride is an organic chloride salt and a one-carbon compound. It has a role as a protein denaturant. It contains a guanidinium. 
it appears as white to off-white or faintly yellow crystalline powder. Phenolic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a monohydrit that is quinoline substituted by a hydroxy group at position 8. Its fungicidal properties are used for the control of grey mould on vines and tomatoes. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an iron chelator, an antiseptic drug and an antifungal agrochemical. It derives from a hydride of a quinoline. 
Borneol appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. 
it is a purine nucleoside in which guanine is attached to ribofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a purines D-ribonucleoside and a member of its. It derives from a guanine. it is a purine nucleoside formed from a beta-N9-glycosidic bond between guanine and a ribose ring and is essential for metabolism. 
it is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a pale-amber odorless liquid. Mp: -13Â°C, bp: 135-138Â°C. Density: 1.06 g cm-3. Moderately soluble in water (18 g / L at 20Â°C). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 76Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used in the manufacture of other chemicals. it is a nitrile that is hydrogen cyanide in which the hydrogen has been replaced by a propyl group. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-lysine with the amino group of D-glutamic acid. It is a constituent of bacterial peptidoglycan type A4alpha. It derives from a L-lysine and a D-glutamic acid. 
it is a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the actions of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II and leads to vasodilatation. This agent also prevents angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, thereby promoting diuresis and natriuresis. 
it is a yellow powder. It is slightly soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to prevent its spread to the environment. it is a yellowish, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic chromium fumes upon heating. it is highly corrosive and is a strong oxidizing agent. This substance is mainly used as a corrosion inhibitor and as a depolarizer in batteries. it primarily affects the nose, throat and lungs causing ulcerations, shortness of breath, bronchitis, pneumonia and asthma-like allergy but can also affect the gastrointestinal tract, liver, kidneys and immune system. This substance is a known human carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer and cancer of the sinonasal cavity. (NCI05) 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms (Â±)-it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (Â±)-it can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes (Â±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Used to make fabrics water resistant, and to make other chemicals. 
Tipredane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. Tipredane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Tipredane has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, tipredane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it appears as pale yellow to green crystals. Used as an antifungal agent. it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of diazoacetic acid with the alcoholic hydroxy group of L-serine. An antibiotic produced by a Streptomyces species. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antifungal agent, an antimetabolite, an immunosuppressive agent, a metabolite and a glutamine antagonist. It is a diazo compound, a carboxylic ester, a L-serine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. it is a naturally occurring serine derivative diazo compound with antineoplastic properties, it functions as a purine antagonist and glutamine analogue (glutamine amidotransferase inhibitor) that competitively inhibits pathways in which glutamine is metabolized. An antibiotic and antitumor agent, it is used in clinical studies as a potential antineoplastic agent. (NCI04) 
it is a colorless nonflammable gas. It is shipped as a liquid under pressure. It may be narcotic at high concentrations. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is used as a refrigerant. it is a fluorocarbon and a member of fluoromethanes. It has a role as a refrigerant. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid that is henicosane in which one of the methyl groups has been oxidised to give the corresponding carboxylic acid. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a henicosanoate. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma. it is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule focal adhesion kinase (FAK) inhibitor with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits FAK, which may prevent the integrin-mediated activation of several downstream signal transduction pathways, including those involving RAS/MEK/ERK and PI3K/Akt, thus inhibiting tumor cell migration, proliferation, survival, and tumor angiogenesis. The tyrosine kinase FAK, a signal transducer for integrins, is normally activated by binding to integrins in the extracellular matrix (ECM) but may be upregulated and constitutively activated in various tumor cell types. 
it is a member of the class of phosphonic acids that is phosphonic acid in which the hydrogen attached to the phosphorus is substituted by a 1-aminocyclopropyl group. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-aminocyclopropylphosphonate(1-). 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 1,3,4,6,7,8-hexahydrocyclopenta[g]isochromene substituted by methyl groups at positions 4, 6, 6, 7, 8 and 8 respectively. It is a synthetic musk used as a fragrance in cosmetics. It has a role as a fragrance. It is a member of isochromenes and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 
it is a member of benzenes and an organic amino compound. it is the fumarate salt form of ibutilide, a class III antiarrhythmic agent. Ibutilide exerts its effect by activating a slow, inward, predominately sodium current rather than by blocking outward potassium currents. This results in prolongation of atrial and ventricular action potential duration and refractory periods. Ibutilide slightly decreases the sinus rate and atrioventricular (AV) conduction and produces a dose-related prolongation of the QT interval. (NCI05) 
it is a member of the class of pyridone that is a dimeric blue pigment biosynthesised from L-glutamine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a biological pigment. It is a pyridone, a ring assembly, a dicarboximide and an enamine. It derives from a L-glutamine. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is eriodictyol substituted by a 2-O-(6-deoxy-alpha-L-mannopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a neohesperidoside, a disaccharide derivative, a trihydroxyflavanone, a flavanone glycoside and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from an eriodictyol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is one of the primary forms of gastrin that is a 14-membered peptide consisting of Trp, Leu, Glu, Glu, Glu, Glu, Glu, Ala, Tyr, Gly, Trp, Met, Asp and Phe residues joined in sequence. It is a gastrin and a peptidyl amide. 
it is a tripeptide composed of N-acetylleucyl, leucyl and argininal residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a serine protease inhibitor, a bacterial metabolite, a cathepsin B inhibitor, a calpain inhibitor and an EC 3.4.21.4 (trypsin) inhibitor. It is a tripeptide and an aldehyde. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside that is inosine in which the hydroxy group at position 2' is replaced by a hydrogen. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, a plant metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purines 2'-deoxy-D-ribonucleoside and a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside. It derives from an inosine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 4 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in potato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
An azo dye used in blood volume and cardiac output measurement by the dye dilution method. It is very soluble, strongly bound to plasma albumin, and disappears very slowly. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of gibberellin A14. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a gibberellin carboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A14. 
it is a monohydroxypyridine that is the 6-hydroxy derivative of nicotinic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-hydroxynicotinate(1-). 
it is the delta-lactam obtained by formal oxidation at the 2-position of sparteine. The major alkaloid from the seeds of Lupinus exaltatus, L. mexicanus and L. rotundiflorus, it is among the most important of the tetracyclic quinolizidine alkaloids. It is a quinolizidine alkaloid, a tertiary amine and a delta-lactam. It is a conjugate base of a ite(1+). It derives from a hydride of a sparteine. 
A bacteriostatic antibiotic macrolide produced by Streptomyces erythreus. Erythromycin A is considered its major active component. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding process inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. 
it is a pyrazolone that is antipyrine in which one of the hydrogens of the 5-methyl group is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group. It is a metabolite of the analgesic drug, antipyrene. It has a role as a drug metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It derives from an antipyrine. 
it is an epsilon-lactone that is oxepan-2-one which is substituted at positions 4 and 7 by methyl and isopropyl groups, respectively. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, sideritiflavone is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, sideritiflavone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, sideritiflavone can be found in herbs and spices, peppermint, and spearmint. This makes sideritiflavone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a hydrochloride. It has a role as a first generation antipsychotic. It contains a thioridazine. it is the hydrochloride salt form of thioridazine, a piperidine phenothiazine derivative and a dopamine antagonist with antipsychotic property. it binds to mesolimbic postsynaptic dopamine receptor D2, thereby decreasing dopamine activity leading to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, this agent binds to serotonin 5-HT2 receptors, resulting in decreased serotonin activity. 
it is a peptide anion that is the conjugate base of L-alanyl-D-glutamic acid, arising from deprotonation of the the two carboxy groups and protonation of the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 
it is a member of the class of piperidine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen atom is substituted by a 2-hydroxyethyl group. It is a member of piperidines, a tertiary amino compound, a primary alcohol and a member of ethanolamines. 
it is a tricyclic labdane diterpenoid that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of forskolin by Coleus forskohlii. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a labdane diterpenoid, a cyclic ether, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a tricyclic diterpenoid. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of N-[(1S)-1-carboxyethyl]-L-norvaline with the amino group of (2S,3aS,7aS)-octahydroindole-2-carboxylic acid. The major active metabolite of perindopril. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and a drug metabolite. It is an organic heterobicyclic compound, a dipeptide, a dicarboxylic acid and a L-alanine derivative. it is a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it inhibits ACE and, thus, the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II; consequently, angiotensin II-mediated vasoconstriction and angiotensin II-stimulated aldosterone secretion from the adrenal cortex are inhibited and diuresis and natriuresis ensue. 
it is a chlorinated analogue of phentermine, a sympathomimetic amine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating and anorexic activity. it acts by facilitating the release of catecholamines, especially noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and also inhibits their uptake. The increase in synaptic concentrations of these catecholamines causes behavioral changes including an increase in motor activity, mental alertness and excitement, causes euphoria, and suppresses appetite. 
it is a 3-phenyllactic acid that has (R)-configuration at the 2 position. It is a 3-phenyllactic acid and a (2R)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-3-phenyllactate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-3-phenyllactic acid. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in alcoholic beverages and citrus. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as 2-methyl-3-furanthiol, acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-(acetylthio)-2-methylfuran is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an egg, meat, and roasted taste. 
it is a sphing-4-enine in which the double bond is trans. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a L-erythro-it. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Flash point 180Â°F. Used in making of paints and plastics. 
3-(5, 6, 6-Trimethylbicyclo[2. 2. 1]hept-1-yl)cyclohexanol, also known as (5, 5, 6-trimethyl-2-norbornyl)-cyclohexanol or 3-isocamphylcyclohexanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. 3-(5, 6, 6-Trimethylbicyclo[2. 2. 1]hept-1-yl)cyclohexanol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-(5, 6, 6-trimethylbicyclo[2. 2. 1]hept-1-yl)cyclohexanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 3-(5, 6, 6-Trimethylbicyclo[2. 2. 1]hept-1-yl)cyclohexanol has a sweet, clean, and sandalwood taste. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavone having the 4-hydroxy groups located at the 3'- 4'- 5- and 7-positions as well as a methoxy group at the 2-position. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. It is a conjugate acid of a 3',4',5-trihydroxy-3-methoxyflavon-7-olate. 
it is the orally available hydrochloride salt of the opioid agonist noscapine, a phthalideisoquinoline alkaloid derived from the opium poppy Papaver somniferum, with mild analgesic, antitussive, and potential antineoplastic activities. Noscapine binds to tubulin and alters its conformation, resulting in a disruption of the dynamics of microtubule assembly (by increasing the time that microtubules spend idle in a paused state) and subsequently, the inhibition of mitosis and tumor cell death. Unlike other tubulin inhibitors such as the taxanes and vinca alkaloids, noscapine does not affect microtubule polymerization. 
it is a topically applied kinase inhibitor in macular degeneration patients. It is administered noninvasively as an eye drop and is designed to suppress VEGF mediated leakage and additional kinase targets associated with inflammation, edema, and angiogenesis which are the pathological hallmarks of AMD and other back of the eye diseases including diabetic macular edema and proliferative diabetic retinopathy. 
it is a colorless gas with an aromatic odor. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. It is easily ignited. Its vapors are heavier than air and a flame can flash back to the source of leak very easily. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. It must be shipped inhibited as butadiene is liable to polymerization. If polymerization occurs in the container, it may violently rupture. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is used to make synthetic rubber and plastics, and to make other chemicals. it is a butadiene with unsaturation at positions 1 and 3. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a mutagen. it is a synthetic, colorless gas that is practically insoluble in water and soluble in ethanol, ether, acetone and benzene. It is used primarily as a monomer to manufacture many different types of polymers and copolymers and as a chemical intermediate in the production of industrial chemicals. When heated, it emits acrid fumes and is flammable. In the presence of air, it oxidizes to form explosive peroxides. The primary route of potential human exposure to this compound is inhalation. Acute exposure to it can cause irritation of the eyes, nasal passages and throat. At very high concentrations, inhalation of this gas can result in headache, fatigue, decreased blood pressure and pulse rate, central nervous system damage and unconsciousness. It is known to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a polycyclic cage that is the S,S-dioxide of 9-thia-1,3,6,8-tetraazatricyclo[4.3.1.1(3,8)]undecane. It is a polycyclic cage and a member of sulfamides. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isocoumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing an isochromane which bears a ketone at the carbon C1. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coriander and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a it that is 9H-purine attached to a beta-D-ribofuranosyl residue at position 9 via a glycosidic (N-glycosyl) linkage. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a it and a purines D-ribonucleoside. It derives from a beta-D-ribose. 
it is a parenterally administered, synthetic monobactam antibiotic that is specifically active against aerobic gram-negative bacilli is resistant to many beta-lactamases. it therapy is often accompanied by mild, asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase levels, but it has not been reported to cause clinically apparent liver injury. it is a monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic originally isolated from Chromobacterium violaceum with bactericidal activity. it preferentially binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding protein-3 (PBP-3), which is involved in bacterial cell wall synthesis, thereby inhibiting bacterial cell wall integrity and leading to cell lysis and death. This agent differs from other beta-lactam antibiotics because it is resistant to beta-lactamase hydrolysis, and it is usually used to treat infections caused by gram-negative aerobic microorganisms. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid isolated from Aglaia abbreviata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone, a tertiary alcohol and a member of oxolanes. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is an amphetamine in which the parent 1-phenylpropan-2-amine skeleton is substituted at position 1 with an hydroxy group and the phenyl ring is 2- and 5-substituted with methoxy groups. It is an antihypotensive agent (pressor), an agonist acting directly at alpha-adrenoceptors with selectivity for the alpha-1 adrenoceptor subtype similar to phenylephrine. It has a role as an antihypotensive agent and an alpha-adrenergic agonist. 
Cefetamet is a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefetamet binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a mugineic acid derivative consisting of mugineic acid having hydroxy group at the 3-position. It derives from a mugineic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-2-furylacetic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-2-furylacetic acid. 
it is a member of the class of biindoles that is indirubin in which the keto group at position 3' has undergone condensation with hydroxylamine to form the corresponding oxime. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor, an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor, an osteogenesis regulator, a neuroprotective agent and an anti-obesity agent. It is a member of oxindoles, a bisindole, a ring assembly, a ketoxime and an alkaloid. 
Succimer, also known as chemet or dmsa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thia fatty acids. These are fatty acid derivatives obtained by insertion of a sulfur atom at specific positions in the chain. Succimer exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Succimer has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, succimer is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a triazolobenzodiazepine. It has a role as a sedative. it is a triazolobenzodiazepinederivative with sedative-hypnotic property. it interacts directly with a specific site on the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A-chloride-ionophore receptor complex located on the neuronal membrane. Binding causes allosteric modification of the receptor and modulation of its affinity for the inhibitory neurotransmitter GABA. This results in enhancement of synaptic actions of GABA and includes an increase in the frequency of chloride channel openings, increased chloride ion conductance, membrane hyperpolarization and ultimately synaptic inhibition and decreased neuronal excitability. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group at the 5' position of guanosine with pyrophosphoric acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an uncoupling protein inhibitor. It is a guanosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid that is L-dopa carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 6. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-phenylalanine derivative. It derives from a L-dopa. 
it is a diterpenoid with formula C20H26O3, isolated from the beans of Coffea arabica. It exhibits antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-angiogenesis and anti-proliferative properties. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a diterpenoid, a member of furans, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it is an acetate ester that is phenylacetate substituted by an acetyl group at position 4 and a methoxy group at position 2 respectively. It is a member of acetophenones, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenyl acetates. 
it is a coumarate that is the conjugate base of 2-coumaric acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-coumaric acid. 
it is a steroid lactone that is 17alpha-pregn-4-ene-21,17-carbolactone substituted by an oxo group at position 3 and an alpha-acetylsulfanyl group at position 7. It has a role as a diuretic, an aldosterone antagonist, an antihypertensive agent, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a steroid lactone, an oxaspiro compound, a thioester and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. it is a synthetic 17-it corticosteroid with potassium-sparing diuretic, antihypertensive, and antiandrogen activities.it competitively inhibits adrenocortical hormone aldosterone activity in the distal renal tubules, myocardium, and vasculature. This agent may inhibit the pathophysiologic effects of aldosterone produced in excess by various types of malignant and benign tumors. 
it is a colorless gas used as a electrical insulator. It is highly toxic by inhalation. When heated to high temperatures it may decompose to emit toxic fluoride and selenium fumes. Prolonged exposure of the container to fire or intense heat may cause it to violently rupture or rocket. 
Atorvastatin Calcium is the calcium salt of atorvastatin, a synthetic lipid-lowering agent. Atorvastatin competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent increases the number of LDL receptors on hepatic cell surfaces, enhancing the uptake and catabolism of LDL and reducing LDL production and the number of LDL particles, and lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels. Like other statins, atorvastatin may also display direct antineoplastic activity, possibly by inhibiting farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of proteins such as small GTP-binding proteins, which may result in the arrest of cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. This agent may also sensitize tumor cells to cyctostatic drugs, possibly through the mTOR-dependent inhibition of Akt phosphorylation. 
it is a prostaglandins D. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an organosulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of decyl hydrogen sulfate. Isolated from Daphnia pulex, it induces morphological changes of phytoplankton Scenedesmus gutwinskii. It has a role as a kairomone, a Daphnia pulex metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a decyl hydrogen sulfate. 
it is a 2-(2,6-dioxopiperidin-3-yl)-1H-isoindole-1,3(2H)-dione that has S-configuration at the chiral centre. It has a role as a teratogenic agent. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-thalidomide. 
it is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid isolated from Fumaria vaillantii and Fumaria parviflora. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid, an azaspiro compound, an oxacycle and a member of phenols. 
2-isopropyl-6-methyl-4-pyrimidinone is a pyrimidone that is pyrimidin-4(1H)-one substituted by a methyl group at position 6 and an isopropyl group at position 2. It is a metabolite of diazinon. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it. 
Basic lipopeptide antibiotic group obtained from Bacillus polymyxa. They affect the cell membrane by detergent action and may cause neuromuscular and kidney damage. At least eleven different members of the polymyxin group have been identified, each designated by a letter. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls formed formally by chlorination of biphenyl-4,4'-diol at C-3, -3', -5 and -5'. It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of hydroxybiphenyls. It derives from a biphenyl-4,4'-diol and a 3,3',5,5'-tetrachlorobiphenyl. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 54Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Vapors heavier than air. Very toxic by inhalation. Used to make other chemicals and insecticides. 
A cardioactive glycoside consisting of rhamnose and ouabagenin, obtained from the seeds of Strophanthus gratus and other plants of the Apocynaceae; used like DIGITALIS. It is commonly used in cell biological studies as an inhibitor of the NA(+)-K(+)-EXCHANGING ATPASE. 
it is a novel, non-camptothecin, DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor. It is member of the class of compounds called indolocarbazoles. it is a synthetic indolocarbazole with antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the enzyme topoisomerase I through stabilization of the DNA-enzyme complex and enhanced single-strand DNA cleavage, resulting in inhibition of DNA replication and decreased tumor cell proliferation. (NCI04) 
it is a C50 carotenoid that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of bacterioruberin, a red-coloured pigment found in several Halobacterium and Haloarcula species. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a C50 carotenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a diol. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 1,2-dihydro-6H-furo[2,3-c]xanthene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 10, a methoxy group at position 5 nad a 2-methyloxiran-2-yl group at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of xanthones, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an epoxide. 
it, also known as pro-leu-gly-NH2 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one of the nitrogens has been replaced by a (2-carboxy-6-methylphenyl)sulfonyl group, while a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen has been replaced by a 4-(dimethylamino)-6-(2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl group. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used (generally as the corresponding methyl ester proherbicide) to control annual and perennial broad-leaved weeds in sugar beet and other crops. It has a role as an agrochemical, a herbicide and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzoic acids, a N-sulfonylurea, a member of 1,3,5-triazines, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and an organofluorine compound. 
A cyclic octapeptide with a thioether bridge between the cystine and tryptophan. It inhibits RNA POLYMERASE II. Poisoning may require LIVER TRANSPLANTATION. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydropyridines. Dihydropyridines are compounds containing a dihydropyridine moiety, which is a semi-saturated pyridine derivative with two double bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a semisynthetic echinocandin anti-fungal drug. It is active against Aspergillus and Candida species and is used for the treatment of invasive candidiasis. It is an azamacrocycle, a heterodetic cyclic peptide, a semisynthetic derivative, an echinocandin and an antibiotic antifungal drug. it is a cyclic lipopeptide echinocandin derivative with antifungal activity. it inhibits 1,3 beta-D-glucan synthase, an enzyme involved in fungal cell wall synthesis, resulting in cell lysis and death. This agent is active against Candida species and Aspergillus. (NCI04) 
Hexestrol is a synthetic hydrogenated derivative of diethylstilbestrol (DES). Hexestrol exhibits strong affinity for estrogen receptors that are overexpressed in some types of cancers. When conjugated with a neoplastic drug, hexestrol may selectively concentrate the cytotoxic agent in estrogen receptor-rich tumors. This agent may also be mutagenic. (NCI04) 
it is a cyclic hydroxamic acid siderophore that is produced by several bacterial species and exhibits antitumour activity. It has a role as a siderophore, a bacterial metabolite, a marine metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cyclic desferrioxamine, a macrocycle and a cyclic hydroxamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
Cycloartenol, also known as it or handianol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloartanols and derivatives. These are steroids containing a cycloartanol moiety. Cycloartenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Cycloartenol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cycloartenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cycloartenol can be found in a number of food items such as annual wild rice, mentha (mint), oat, and sourdock. This makes cycloartenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of octanoic acid with the primary amino group of (1R,2R)-2-amino-1-(2,3-dihydro-1,4-benzodioxin-6-yl)-3-(pyrrolidin-1-yl)propan-1-ol. A ceramide glucosyltransferase inhibitor used (as its tartrate salt) for treatment of Gaucher's disease. It has a role as an EC 2.4.1.80 (ceramide glucosyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a benzodioxine, a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a secondary alcohol and a carboxamide. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
Alpha-phenylglycine is an amino acid with a structure in which a phenyl ring is bonded to the alpha-carbon of glycine. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of betazole, a histamine H2 receptor agonist with diagnostic application. Betazole selectively targets and binds to the H2 receptor, thereby mimicking the effect of histamine on these receptors. This may lead to an increase in gastric secretions. Betazole can be used in gastric function tests. 
it is a pyranobenzodioxin and antibiotic that is active against gram-negative bacteria and used (as its dihydrochloride pentahydrate) to treat gonorrhea. It is produced by the bacterium Streptomyces spectabilis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a bacterial metabolite and an antibacterial drug. It is a cyclic hemiketal, a cyclic acetal, a cyclic ketone, a secondary amino compound, a pyranobenzodioxin and a secondary alcohol. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+) and a it(1+). it is an aminocyclitol aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces spectabilis with bacteriostatic activity. it binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the initiation of protein synthesis and with proper protein elongation. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
Technical it is a nearly odorless white crystalline powder that has no true melting point but degrades to bis(tricyclohexyl)tin oxide at 121 to 131Â°C which decomposes at 228Â°C; a melting point of 195-198Â°C is also reported. Very insoluble in water (less than 1 mg/L at 25Â°C), but wettable by water. Soluble in some organic solvents (acetone 1.3 g/L; xylenes 3.6 g/L; carbon tetrachloride 28 g/L; dichloromethane 34 g/L). Used as an acaricide (an agent to kill plant-feeding mites) in almonds, walnuts, hops and some fruits. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is isoliquiritigenin in which one of the hydroxy groups at position 2' is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of chalcones, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It derives from an isoliquiritigenin. 
Aldrin, liquid appears as a solution in oil of aldrin, a noncombustible water-insoluble solid. Used as an insecticide. Mixed with a flammable carrier solvent. 
it, also known as fema 3304, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a beefy, meaty, and repulsive taste. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, hexyl 3-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, apple skin, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in safflower. This makes hexyl 3-methylbutanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a ribose monophosphate, a 1-ribosylbenzimidazole and a dimethylbenzimidazole. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an alpha-ribazole. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-oxopropanoic acid. 
The fixed combination of phentermine and topiramate has been developed as a weight loss agent and was approved for use in the United States in 2012. This combination has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations or clinically apparent liver injury, but has had limited general use. Topiramate by itself is used as an anticonvulsant and has been implicated in rare instances of acute liver injury. 
it, solid is a colorless crystalline solid. It absorbs moisture from air and forms a syrup. It is soluble in water with release of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which all three methyl hydrogens are substituted by chlorine. It has a role as a metabolite, a carcinogenic agent and a mouse metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an organochlorine compound. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a trichloroacetate. 
it is an ethyl ester resulting from the formal condesnation of the carboxy group of flufenpyr with ethanol. It is used as a contact herbicide for the control of broad-leaved weeds. It acts as a protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitor, causing protoporphyrins to accumulate, damaging the membrane structure and cellular function. No longer approved for use in the European Union. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. It is an ethyl ester, an aromatic ether, a pyridazinone, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a flufenpyr. 
Gentamicin is a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by fermentation of Micromonospora purpurea or M. echinospora. Gentamicin is an antibiotic complex consisting of four major (C1, C1a, C2, and C2a) and several minor components. This agent irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. Specifically, this antibiotic is lodged between 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex, misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. Aminoglycosides are mostly ineffective against anaerobic bacteria, fungi and viruses. 
it is an orally available small molecule that selectively inhibits the activity of phosphoinositide-3 kinase (PI3K). it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Glioblastoma, and Breast Cancer, among others. it is an orally bioavailable small molecule, targeting the class I phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K) family of lipid kinases, with potential antineoplastic activity. it reversibly binds to class 1 PI3Ks in an ATP-competitive manner, inhibiting the production of the secondary messenger phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate (PIP3) and activation of the PI3K signaling pathway; this may result in inhibition of tumor cell growth and survival in susceptible tumor cell populations. Activation of the PI3K signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis. Dysregulated PI3K signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents including genotoxic agents and receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitors. 
Triazolopropionic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl 1, 2, 4-triazolones. These are aromatic heterocyclic compounds containing a 1, 2, 4-triazolone moiety that is substituted at the 5-position with an aryl group. Triazolopropionic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Triazolopropionic acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, triazolopropionic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a hydrate that is the pentahydrate form of disodium selenite. It has a role as a nutraceutical. It contains a disodium selenite. 
it is a C5-acylcarnitine having 2-methylbutyryl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a 2-methylbutyric acid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of levocabastine, a synthetic piperidine derivative with antihistaminic properties. Levocabastine is a second generation histamine-1 receptor antagonist. When applied locally to the eye as a topical solution, this agent reduces itching, rhinorrhea, and symptoms of allergic rhinitis or conjunctivitis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dichlorobenzenes. Dichlorobenzenes are compounds containing a benzene with exactly two chlorine atoms attached to it. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
5, 6, 7, 8-Tetrahydro-4-methylquinoline, also known as 5, 6, 7, 8-tetrahydrolepidine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroquinolines. These are derivatives of quinoline in which in which at least one double bond in the quinoline moiety are reduced by adding two hydrogen atoms. 5, 6, 7, 8-Tetrahydro-4-methylquinoline is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 5, 6, 7, 8-tetrahydro-4-methylquinoline can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 5, 6, 7, 8-tetrahydro-4-methylquinoline a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Acryl fentanyl is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the 6-O-phospho derivative of D-glucitol. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an alditol 6-phosphate and a glucitol phosphate. It derives from a D-glucitol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a triglyceride obtained by acetylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol. It has fungistatic properties (based on release of acetic acid) and has been used in the topical treatment of minor dermatophyte infections. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a solvent, a fuel additive, an adjuvant, a food additive carrier, a food emulsifier, a food humectant and an antifungal drug. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is a propanone that is propan-2-one substituted by a phenyl group at position 1. It is a member of propanones and a methyl ketone. 
it is a tertiary alcohol resulting from the formal addition of water to the double bond of alpha-cubebene. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a carbotricyclic compound. 
4, 5-Dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted oxazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 4, 5-Dimethyloxazole is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4, 5-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4, 5-dimethyloxazole can be found in coffee and coffee products and nuts. This makes 4, 5-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carbamate ester that is the isopropyl ester of 3-chlorophenylcarbamic acid. It has a role as a herbicide and a plant growth retardant. It is a carbamate ester, a member of benzenes and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
A methylpyrrole-carboxylate from it that disrupts the RYANODINE RECEPTOR CALCIUM RELEASE CHANNEL to modify CALCIUM release from SARCOPLASMIC RETICULUM resulting in alteration of MUSCLE CONTRACTION. It was previously used in INSECTICIDES. It is used experimentally in conjunction with THAPSIGARGIN and other inhibitors of CALCIUM ATPASE uptake of calcium into SARCOPLASMIC RETICULUM. 
Aloin, also known as it or aloinum, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthracenes. These are organic compounds containing a system of three linearly fused benzene rings. Aloin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, aloin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Aloin has a bitter taste. 
it is a sulfonamide, a member of tryptamines and a heteroarylpiperidine. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist and a vasoconstrictor agent. 
it, also known as fema 3398 or mollit b, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, glycerol tribenzoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a balsamic, benzophenone, and clean taste. 
it is an amino acid amide that is methylglycinamide with an acetyl group substituent on the amino group. It is an amino acid amide and a glycine derivative. It derives from a glycinamide. 
it, also known as ethyl alpha -toluate or ethyl benzeneacetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, anise, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as cereals and cereal products, tea, fruits, and pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidines. Pyrrolidines are compounds containing a pyrrolidine ring, which is a five-membered saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one nitrogen atom and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
AC1l50DR is classified as a polypeptide. Polypeptides are peptides containing ten or more amino acid residues. AC1l50DR is considered a practically insoluble (in water), acidic compound. Colistimethate is a broad-spectrum polymyxin antibiotic against most aerobic Gram-negative bacteria except Proteus bacteria. Colistimethate is a mixture of methanesulfonate derivatives of cyclic polypeptides colistin A and B from Bacillus colistinus or B. polymyxa. Colistin functions as a surfactant which penetrates into and disrupts the bacterial cell membrane, thereby resulting in bactericidal effect. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is octa-1,6-diene substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 7 and a hydroxy group at position 3. It has been isolated from plants like Ocimum canum. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a volatile oil component, an antimicrobial agent and a fragrance. It is a tertiary alcohol and a monoterpenoid. 
it is an acetylenic compound that is acetylene in which the hydrogens are replaced by carboxy groups. It is a C4-dicarboxylic acid and an acetylenic compound. It is a conjugate acid of an acetylenedicarboxylate(1-). 
it is an inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase with activity against several influenza A and B viruses. it inhibits the conversion of inosine monophosphate to xanthosine monophosphate, the rate-limiting step in the de novo biosynthesis of guanine nucleotides, leading to inhibition of cell proliferation. 
5'-phosphopyridoxal-6-azobenzene-2,4-disulfonic acid is an arenesulfonic acid that is pyridoxal 5'-phosphate carrying an additional 2,4-disulfophenylazo substituent at position 6. It has a role as a purinergic receptor P2X antagonist. It is an arenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a member of methylpyridines, a monohydroxypyridine, a pyridinecarbaldehyde and an organic phosphate. It derives from a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a 5'-phosphonatopyridoxal-6-azobenzene-2,4-disulfonate. 
ent-Epicatechin(4alpha->8)catechin, also known as procyanidin b, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as biflavonoids and polyflavonoids. These are organic compounds containing at least two flavan/flavone units. These units are usually linked through CC or C-O-C bonds. Some examples include C2-O-C3, C2-O-C4, C3'-C3''', and C6-C8''. ent-Epicatechin(4alpha->8)catechin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ent-epicatechin(4alpha->8)catechin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ent-epicatechin(4alpha->8)catechin can be found in sago palm. This makes ent-epicatechin(4alpha->8)catechin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide consisting of L-valine in which the amino hydrogens have been replaced by a pentanoyl and a [2'-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)biphenyl]-4-yl]methyl group. It exhibits antihypertensive activity. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an angiotensin receptor antagonist, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a biphenylyltetrazole, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a monocarboxylic acid. it is an orally active nonpeptide triazole-derived antagonist of angiotensin (AT) II with antihypertensive properties. it selectively and competitively blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the AT1 subtype receptor in vascular smooth muscle and the adrenal gland, preventing AT II-mediated vasoconstriction, aldosterone synthesis and secretion, and renal reabsorption of sodium, and resulting in vasodilation, increased excretion of sodium and water, a reduction in plasma volume, and a reduction in blood pressure. 
it is the general name for the hydrogen nucleus, to be used without regard to the hydrogen nuclear mass (either for hydrogen in its natural abundance or where it is not desired to distinguish between the isotopes). It is a member of atomic nucleus, a monoatomic hydrogen, a monoatomic monocation and a monovalent inorganic cation. 
it is a D-hexopyranose 6-phosphate that is the 6-monophospho derivative of 2-deoxy-D-glucopyranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is the maleic acid salt of carbinoxamine. An ethanolamine-type antihistamine, used for treating hay fever, as well as mild cases of Parkinson's disease. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent, a muscarinic antagonist and an antiparkinson drug. It contains a carbinoxamine. it is an ethanolamine class of H1 antihistamines with mild antimuscarinic and sedative properties. Carbinoxamine diminishes the typical histaminergic effects on H1-receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, capillaries, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilation, bronchoconstriction, increased vascular permeability, pain, itching, and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. it is used to provide symptomatic relieve of allergic symptoms. 
it, also known as 2-(mercaptomethyl)-5-methylfuran or 5-methyl-2-furfurylmercaptan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a coffee, roasted, and sulfurous tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products, coffee and coffee products, and mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2,3-dimethylcyclohexyl amine appears as a water-white liquid. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Very irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an N(5)-alkylglutamine where the alkyl group is specified as methyl. It is a N(5)-alkyl-L-glutamine and a N-methyl-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monohydroxy bile acids, alcohols and derivatives. These are bile acids, alcohols or any of their derivatives bearing a hydroxyl group. Thus, is considered to be a bile acid lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is 2,3-dihydroneobavaisoflavone with an additional hydroxy group at position 2'. Isolated from Erythrina lysistemon, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It derives from a neobavaisoflavone. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-hydrogen aldehydes. These are aldehydes with the general formula HC(H)(R)C(=O)H, where R is an organyl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a roasted taste. 
Austin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetracarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly four carboxyl groups. Austin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, austin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
4-nitrophenyl alpha-L-fucoside is an alpha-L-fucoside that is alpha-L-fucopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 4-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an alpha-L-fucoside and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is a beta-diketone and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as an anticoagulant. It derives from a hydride of an indane. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole with methyl and carboxylic acid group substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of pyrazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-pyrazole. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazolin-4(1H)-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 8 and a methyl group at position 2. It has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase. It has a role as an EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a member of quinazolines and a member of phenols. 
it is the monohydrate form of (S)-ropivacaine hydrochloride. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It contains a (S)-ropivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous). Ropivacaine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of ropivacaine, a local anesthetic of the amide type with analgesic activity. Ropivacaine binds to voltage-gated sodium ion channels in the neuronal membrane, thereby preventing the permeability of sodium ions and resulting in a stabilization of the neuronal membrane and inhibition of depolarization; nerve impulse generation and propagation are blocked, resulting in a reversible loss of sensation. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid that is 1a,2,5,5a,6,9,10,10a-octahydro-1H-2,8a-methanocyclopenta[a]cyclopropa[e][10]annulen-11-one substituted at positions 5, 5a and 6 by hydroxy groups, positions 1, 1, 7 and 9 by methyl groups, position 4 by a hydroxymethyl group and position 1 by an oxo group (the 1aR,2S,5R,5aR,6S,8aS,9R,10aR diastereomer). It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 
(2-Furanylmethyl) methyl disulfide, also known as 2-((methyldithio)methyl)-furan or 2-furfurylmethyl-disulphide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom (2-Furanylmethyl) methyl disulfide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (2-furanylmethyl) methyl disulfide is primarily located in the cytoplasm (2-Furanylmethyl) methyl disulfide is an alliaceous, coffee, and fishy tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products, coffee and coffee products, and fats and oils. This makes (2-furanylmethyl) methyl disulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dipyridodiazepine that is 5,11-dihydro-6H-dipyrido[3,2-b:2',3'-e][1,4]diazepine which is substituted by methyl, oxo, and cyclopropyl groups at positions 4, 6, and 11, respectively. A non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor with activity against HIV-1, it is used in combination with other antiretrovirals for the treatment of HIV infection. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It is a dipyridodiazepine and a member of cyclopropanes. it is a benzodiazepine non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. In combination with other antiretroviral drugs, it reduces HIV viral loads and increases CD4 counts, thereby retarding or preventing the damage to the immune system and reducing the risk of developing AIDS. 
it Acetate is the acetate salt form of it, a synthetic decapeptide with high antagonistic activity against naturally occurring gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). it directly competes with the GnRH for receptor binding in the anterior pituitary gland, thus induces a rapid and reversible suppression of the release of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH). This agent is used for the inhibition of premature LH surges in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation, and in combination with other hormones for retrieval of the mature follicles for in-vitro fertilization. 
it, also known as 2-hydroxy-3-butanethiol or fema 3502, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as secondary alcohols. Secondary alcohols are compounds containing a secondary alcohol functional group, with the general structure HOC(R)(R') (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sulfurous taste. 
it is a benzoate ester in which 4-amino-3-butoxybenzoic acid and 2-(diethylamino)ethanol have combined to form the ester bond; an ester-based local anaesthetic (ester \ 
it is an azaheterocycle sulfate salt of amezinium. It is a sympathomimetic drug which suppresses noradrenaline reuptake and thereby elevating blood pressure. It is used for the treatment of low blood pressure in patients undergoing dialysis. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor, an antihypotensive agent, a sympathomimetic agent and an adrenergic uptake inhibitor. It contains an amezinium. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic isolated from the culture broth of the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum and has been found to be active against Gram-positive bacteria. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a macrolide antibiotic. 
it is a chromenol that is a derivative of filicinic acid and is isolated from the stems and leaves of Hypericum drummondii. It has been found to exhibit antibacterial activity against Gram-positive bacteria Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus subtilis and the acid fast bacterium Mycobacterium smegmatis. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a chromenol, an enol, an enone, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a filicinic acid. 
Ipratropium is a synthetic derivative of the alkaloid atropine with anticholinergic properties. Ipratropium antagonizes the actions of acetylcholine at parasympathetic postganglionic effector cell junctions. When inhaled, ipratropium binds competitively to cholinergic receptors in the bronchial smooth muscle thereby blocking the bronchoconstrictor actions of the acetylcholine (Ach) mediated vagal impulses. Inhibition of the vagal tone leads to dilation of the large central airways resulting in bronchodilation. 
it is a benzoate ester, formally the result of esterification of 4-aminobenzoic acid with 2-diethylaminoethanol but formed experimentally by reaction of ethyl 4-aminobenzoate with 2-diethylaminoethanol. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, a central nervous system depressant, a peripheral nervous system drug and a drug allergen. It is a benzoate ester, a substituted aniline and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a 2-diethylaminoethanol and a 4-aminobenzoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a benzoic acid derivative with local anesthetic and antiarrhythmic properties. it binds to and inhibits voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the ionic flux required for the initiation and conduction of impulses. In addition, this agent increases electrical excitation threshold, reduces rate of rise of action potential and slows nerve impulse propagation thereby causing loss of sensation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylneuraminic acids. These are neuraminic acids carrying an N-acyl substituent. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in breast milk. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a methylcatechol having a single methyl substituent at the 4-position. It has been isolated from Picea abies. It has a role as a hapten, a carcinogenic agent, an antioxidant, a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, Beta-caryophyllene alcohol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a dry, earthy, and woody taste. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is amfenac in which the carboxylic acid group has been converted into the corresponding carboxamide. It is a prodrug for amfenac, used in eye drops to treat pain and inflammation following cataract surgery. It has a role as a prodrug, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. it is a topical nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug that is used in eye drops for the treatment of eye pain and swelling. 
Chloroprocaine Hydrochloride is a synthetic, aminoester, local, anesthetic agent. At the injection site, chloroprocaine hydrochloride acts by inhibiting sodium influx through binding to specific membrane sodium ion channels in the neuronal cell membranes, restricting sodium permeability, and blocking nerve impulse conduction. This leads to a loss of sensation. Chloroprocaine hydrochloride is short-acting due to rapid hydrolysis by pseudocholinesterase into para-aminobenzoic acid in plasma. 
it is a glucan derivative obtained through the esterification of cellulose by acetic anhydride or acetic acid, resulting in the substitution of some of the hydroxy groups of cellulose by acetyl groups. It is used in a variety of applications including base material for photographic film, clothing, membrane filters, coatings, food packaging, and as a frame material for eyeglasses. It is a glucan derivative and an acetate ester. 
it is a menaquinol whose structure comprises a 2-methylbenzohydroquinone nucleus and a side chain of seven isoprenoid units. It has a role as an electron donor. 
it appears as a reddish liquid. Boiling point 73.5Â°C. A severe eye irritant. May severely burn skin on contact. Very toxic by inhalation and by skin absorption. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside consisting of (R)-prunasin carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 4 on the phenyl ring. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a nitrile. It derives from a (R)-prunasin. 
it is a aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of five fused rings formed during the incomplete burning of organic matter. Benz[a,h]acridine is primarily found in petroleum refinery incinerator emissions, coal combustion emissions, cigarette smoke and coal tar pitch. This substance is used only for research purposes. Benzo[a,h]acridine is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02723877 (it and Eribulin in Metastatic HER2 Negative and Triple-negative Breast Cancer (PIQHASSO)). it is an orally bioavailable pan inhibitor of phosphoinositide-3-kinases (PI3K) and inhibitor of the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the PI3K kinase isoforms alpha, beta, gamma and delta and, to a lesser extent, mTOR kinase, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis and growth inhibition in cells overexpressing PI3K/mTOR. Activation of the PI3K/mTOR pathway promotes cell growth, survival, and resistance to both chemotherapy and radiotherapy. As mTOR, a serine/threonine kinase downstream of PI3K, may also be activated independent of PI3K, this agent may potentially be more potent than an agent that inhibits either PI3K kinase or mTOR kinase. By inhibiting mTOR to a lesser extent than PI3K, it does not interfere with the mTOR-mediated negative feedback loop on PI3K signaling. Blocking the negative feedback loop would potentially increase PI3K signaling and decrease therapeutic efficacy. 
it is a second generation gluconeogenesis inhibitor for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is designed to block the metabolic pathway in the liver that is responsible for producing glucose. 
Piperacillin is an extended-spectrum ureidopenicillin which, when combined with the beta-lactamase inhibitor tazobactam, is used to treat moderate-to-severe infectious due to susceptible organisms including lactamase producing penicillin-resistant bacteria. Piperacillin-tazobactam has been linked with idiosyncratic liver injury, but only rarely and as isolated case reports. 
it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-it. Both enantiomers act as fatty acid synthase inhibitors, although the (S)-enantiomer was found to be more than 4 times as active as the (R)-enantiomer. It has a role as a fatty acid synthesis inhibitor, an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an anti-HIV agent. It contains a (R)-it and a (S)-it. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, annosquamosin a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, annosquamosin a can be found in fruits. This makes annosquamosin a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the oxalate salt of escitalopram, a pure S-enantiomer of the racemic bicyclic phthalane derivative citalopram, with antidepressant activity. As a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), escitalopram blocks the reuptake of serotonin by neurons in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby potentiating CNS serotonergic activity. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point near 20Â°F. Very dangerous fire risk. Vapors may be narcotic and irritating. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a pyrrolecarboxylic acid that is pyrrole-2-carboxylic acid which is substituted at position 3 and 5 by indol-3-yl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of indoles and a pyrrolecarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a protodeoxyviolaceinate. 
(+)-it is a cyclic ketone that is (-)-phyllostine in which the carbonyl group which is furthest from the hydroxymethyl substituent has been formally reduced to give the corresponding secondary alcohol with S configuration. A metabolite of the patulin pathway in Penicillium urticae. It has a role as a Penicillium metabolite. It is an epoxide, a primary allylic alcohol, a secondary allylic alcohol, an enone and a cyclic ketone. 
Methyl 6-O-digalloyl-beta-D-glucopyranoside belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidones. Pyrimidones are compounds that contain a pyrimidine ring, which bears a ketone. Pyrimidine is a 6-membered ring consisting of four carbon atoms and two nitrogen centers at the 1- and 3- ring positions. 
it is a D-it in which the phosphate group is located at position 1. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It derives from a D-glucose and a D-glucopyranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
Cefotetan(2-) is the dianion formed by removal of a proton from each of the carboxylic acid groups of cefotetan. It is a conjugate base of a cefotetan. 
it, also known as fema 2083 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the adjacent carbon. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has an arrack, balsamic, and caramellic taste. 
A non-essential amino acid naturally occurring in the L-form. Glutamic acid is the most common excitatory neurotransmitter in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. 
Cefuroxime Axetil is a second generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefuroxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefuroxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
Geranic acid, also known as geranate or decaprenoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. Geranic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, geranic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Geranic acid is an acidic, dry, and feet tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, peppermint, common walnut, and fats and oils. This makes geranic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
4-Anilino-N-phenethyl-4-piperidine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a pentahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted with hydroxy groups at positions 3, 5, 7, 3' and 4' and prenyl groups at positions 6 and 5'. Isolated from Broussonetia papyrifera, it exhibits inhibitory activity against phospholipase A2 and tyrosinase. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is a member of flavonols, a pentahydroxyflavone and a 3'-hydroxyflavonoid. 
L-3-Aminobutyryl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. L-3-Aminobutyryl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). L-3-Aminobutyryl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, L-3-aminobutyryl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is tabersonine substituted by hydroxy group at position 10 and a methoxy group at position 11. Isolated from Tabernaemontana corymbosa and Hazunta modesta, it exhibits cytotoxicity against human KB cells. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an indole alkaloid, an alkaloid ester, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a methyl ester and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It derives from a tabersonine. 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of 2-chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)benzoic acid and the anilino group of 4-chloro-3-(pyridin-2-yl)aniline. Used for the treatment metastatic basal cell carcinoma. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a SMO receptor antagonist, a Hedgehog signaling pathway inhibitor and a teratogenic agent. It is a sulfone, a member of benzamides, a member of pyridines and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is an orally bioavailable small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. Hedgehog antagonist it targets the Hedgehog signaling pathway, blocking the activities of the Hedgehog-ligand cell surface receptors PTCH and/or SMO and suppressing Hedgehog signaling. The Hedgehog signaling pathway plays an important role in tissue growth and repair; aberrant constitutive activation of Hedgehog pathway signaling and uncontrolled cellular proliferation may be associated with mutations in the Hedgehog-ligand cell surface receptors PTCH and SMO. 
it is a benzoylhydrazone derivative of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic daunorubicin. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair as well as RNA and protein synthesis. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is the bis-choline ester of succinic acid. It has a role as a neuromuscular agent, a muscle relaxant and a drug allergen. It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a succinate ester. it is a quaternary ammonium compound and depolarizing agent with short-term muscle relaxant properties. it binds to nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction and opening the ligand-gated channels in the same way as acetylcholine, resulting in depolarization and inhibition of neuromuscular transmission. Depolarization may be prolonged due to it's resistance to acetylcholinesterases thereby leading to disorganized muscle contraction followed by skeletal muscle relaxation and flaccid paralysis. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a 1-methyl-1H-imidazol-4-yl group. It has a role as a metabolite and a GABA agonist. It is a member of imidazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-methyl-4-imidazoleacetate. 
it is a hexonic acid that is 6-hydroxyhexanoic acid carrying a hydroxy group at positions 2S, 4S and 5R. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid that is the biaryl resulting from substitution of the hydrogen at the 7-position of (1R,3R)-1,3-dimethyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-8-ol by a 4,5-dimethoxy-2-methylnaphthalen-1-yl group. It is a naphthylisoquinoline alkaloid isolated from the roots and stem barks of Triphyophyllum peltatum and exhibits antifungal, antimalarial, antineoplastic and molluscicidal activites. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antifungal agent, a molluscicide and a metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of methylnaphthalenes, a methoxynaphthalene, a member of isoquinolines and a biaryl. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that results from the removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 4-chlorophenylacetic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-chlorophenylacetic acid. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is urs-12-en-28-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3 and 19 respectively (the 2alpha,3alpha-stereoisomer). It has been isolated from the leaves of Rosa laevigata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a triol. It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 
it is a pyrazolo[4,3-d]pyrimidin-7-one having a methyl substituent at the 1-position, a propyl substituent at the 3-position and a 2-ethoxy-5-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)sulfonyl]phenyl group at the 5-position. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an EC 3.1.4.35 (3',5'-cyclic-GMP phosphodiesterase) inhibitor. It is a pyrazolopyrimidine, a member of piperazines and a sulfonamide. it is an orally bioavailable pyrazolopyrimidinone derivative structurally related to zaprinast, with vasodilating and potential anti-inflammatory activities. Upon oral administration, it selectively targets and inhibits cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP)-specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5), thereby inhibiting the PDE5-mediated degradation of cGMP found in smooth muscle and increasing cGMP availability. This results in prolonged smooth muscle relaxation in the corpus cavernosum of the penis, thereby causing vasodilation, blood engorgement and a prolonged penile erection. In the smooth muscle of the pulmonary vasculature, the increase in cGMP results in smooth muscle relaxation, vasodilation of the pulmonary vascular bed, relieving pulmonary hypertension and increasing blood flow in the lungs. In addition, it may reduce airway inflammation and mucus production. 
it is a dibenzoazepine that is 10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenzo[b,f]azepine substituted by a 3-(dimethylamino)-2-methylpropyl group at the nitrogen atom. It is used as an antidepressant. It has a role as an antidepressant, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a dibenzoazepine and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from an imipramine. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a slightly sweetish, pungent odor. Used as an intermediate in organic synthesis; disinfectant, sterilant for blood plasma, tissue grafts, vaccines, enzymes and surgical instruments. (EPA, 1998) it is a propan-3-olide. It derives from a 3-hydroxypropionic acid. It derives from a hydride of an oxetane. it is a colorless, highly reactive, liquid, cyclic ether with a slightly sweet odor. it was used once mainly in the manufacture of acrylic acid and esters. It also was used as a sterilant for medical materials and procedures. However, it is no longer used for medical disinfection. Dermal exposure to it causes the burning or blistering of the skin, and ingestion of this substance burns the mouth and stomach while exposure to its vapors causes severe irritation of the eyes, throat and respiratory tract. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain aldehydes. These are an aldehyde with a chain length containing between 6 and 12 carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
4-FMC is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a diamine that is ergoline in which the beta-hydrogen at position 8 is replaced by a (methylthio)methyl group and the hydrogen attached to the piperidine nitrogen (position 6) is replaced by a propyl group. A dopamine D2 receptor agonist which also has D1 and D2 agonist properties, it is used as the mesylate salt in the management of Parkinson's disease, although it was withdrawn from the U.S. and Canadian markets in 2007 due to an increased risk of cardiac valve dysfunction. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug and a dopamine agonist. It is a diamine, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a methyl sulfide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an indole alkaloid fundamental parent with a structure of 9H-beta-carboline carrying a methyl substituent at C-1. It has been isolated from the bark of Sickingia rubra, Symplocus racemosa, Passiflora incarnata, Peganum harmala, Banisteriopsis caapi and Tribulus terrestris, as well as from tobacco smoke. It is a specific, reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase A. It has a role as an anti-HIV agent, a plant metabolite and an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. It is an indole alkaloid, an indole alkaloid fundamental parent and a harmala alkaloid. 
it is a mixture of the sulfate salts of basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. it forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
it is a synthetic derivative of L-arginine with antithrombotic activity. it is a univalent and direct inhibitor of fibrin-bound thrombin. This agent reversibly binds to the thrombin active site thereby preventing the thrombin-dependent reactions, which include conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin; the activation of factors V, VIII and XI; the activation of protein C; and platelet aggregation. it is highly selective for thrombin and is able to inhibit the action of both free and clot-associated thrombin. As a result, stabilization of blood clots and coagulation is inhibited. it is the anhydrous form of it, a synthetic derivative of L-arginine with antithrombotic activity. it is a univalent and direct inhibitor of fibrin-bound thrombin. This agent reversibly binds to the thrombin active site, thereby preventing the thrombin-dependent reactions, which include the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin; the activation of factors V, VIII and XI; the activation of protein C; and platelet aggregation. it is highly selective for thrombin and is able to inhibit the action of both free and clot-associated thrombin. As a result, stabilization of blood clots occurs and coagulation is inhibited. 
it is a cyclic carotene obtained by the cyclisation of lycopene. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a fungal metabolite. It is a cyclic carotene and a carotenoid beta-end group. 
(2, 2-Diethoxyethyl)benzene, also known as 1, 1-diethoxy-2-phenylethane or alleglal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene (2, 2-Diethoxyethyl)benzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (2, 2-diethoxyethyl)benzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) (2, 2-Diethoxyethyl)benzene has a sweet, almond, and bluebell taste. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-aspartic acid and L-tyrosine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid and a L-tyrosine. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of ropinirole, a non-ergot dopamine agonist with antiparkinsonian property. Acting as a substitute for dopamine, it binds to and activates dopamine D2 and D3 receptors within the caudate putamen in the brain, thereby improving motor function. 
Lanreotide is a synthetic polypeptide analogue of somatostatin that resembles the native hormone in its ability to suppress levels and activity of growth hormone, insulin, glucagon and many other gastrointestinal peptides. Because its half-life is longer than somatostatin, lanreotide can be used clinically to treat neuroendocrine tumors that secrete excessive amounts of growth hormone (acromegaly) or other active hormones or neuropeptides. Lanreotide has many side effects including suppression of gall bladder contractility and bile production, and maintenance therapy may cause cholelithiasis and pancreatitis as well accompanying liver injury. it is a synthetic long-acting cyclic octapeptide with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin. it is a more potent inhibitor of growth hormone, glucagon, and insulin than somatostatin. Similar to somatostatin, this agent also suppresses the luteinizing hormone response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone, decreases splanchnic blood flow, and inhibits the release of serotonin, gastrin, vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP), secretin, motilin, pancreatic polypeptide, and thyroid stimulating hormone. 
Neurotoxic proteins from the venom of the banded or Formosan krait (Bungarus multicinctus, an elapid snake). it blocks nicotinic acetylcholine receptors and has been used to isolate and study them; beta- and gamma-bungarotoxins act presynaptically causing acetylcholine release and depletion. Both alpha and beta forms have been characterized, the alpha being similar to the large, long or Type II neurotoxins from other elapid venoms. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is the N(6)-formyl derivative of L-lysine. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a member of formamides and a N(6)-acyl-L-lysine. 
it is a member of arsonic acids, a one-carbon compound and an organoarsonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a methylarsonate(1-). 
Hydroxystilbamidine is a cationic dye with antifungal, antitrypanosomal, antimalarial, and carcinostatic activities. Hydroxystilbamidine is able to bind to DNA and RNA in a non-intercalating manner, and is a powerful inhibitor of ribonucleases, thereby impeding cellular processes in protozoa. This agent was also shown to bind to and stablize trypanosomal lysosomes. Hydroxystilbamidine is commonly used as a diagnostic agent in neuroanatomy and as a histochemical stain. 
it is a dialkyl phosphate having ethyl as the alkyl group; major microspecies at pH 7.3 It is a conjugate base of a diethyl hydrogen phosphate. 
it is an iodine (I) 123 labeled aralkylguanidine norepinephrine analogue used as a diagnostic imaging tracer. Iobenguane, structurally related to norepinephrine, functioning as a false substrate of norepinephrine, and is taken up and localized in the granules of pre-synaptic adrenergic neurons. When labeled with I-123, this agent is useful for the imaging of neuroendocrine tissues and tumors. 
it is a cardiolipin derivative in which all four of the phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as myristoyl (tetradecanoyl). It is a cardiolipin and a tetradecanoate ester. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as physalins and derivatives. These are steroidal constituents of Physalis plants which possess an unusual 13, 14-seco-16, 24-cyclo-steroidal ring skeleton (where the bond that is normally present between the 13 and 14 positions in other steroids is broken while a new bond between positions 16 and 24 is formed). it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, physalin F is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, physalin F can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes physalin F a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzofurans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a furan. Furan is a five-membered aromatic ring with four carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dihydroactinidiolide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a red fruit, ripe apricot, and woody tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products, fruits, and tea. This makes dihydroactinidiolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a neurotoxin with potential anticancer property. it (CTX) is a 36-amino acid peptide found in the venom of the deathstalker scorpion, and a chloride channel blocker. This toxin binds preferentially to glioma cells via the transmembrane endopeptidase matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2), and thereby prevents the spread of tumor cells. MMP-2 is specifically up-regulated in gliomas and related cancers, but is not normally expressed in brain. 
(Â±)-sulfobutanedioic acid, also known as sodium thiosuccinate or sulfosuccinate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thia fatty acids. These are fatty acid derivatives obtained by insertion of a sulfur atom at specific positions in the chain (Â±)-sulfobutanedioic acid is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa) (Â±)-sulfobutanedioic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (Â±)-sulfobutanedioic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is an organosilicon compound that is propionic acid substituted at position 3 by a trimethylsilyl group. It is used as internal reference in the NMR spectrum nuclear magnetic resonance for aqueous solvents (e.g. D2O). It is an organosilicon compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(trimethylsilyl)propionate. 
it is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor of mushrooms. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is the acetate ester of nonan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a nonan-1-ol. 
it is a butyrate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of propanol with the carboxy group of butyric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and an insect attractant. It derives from a propan-1-ol. 
7-Ethoxy-4-methyl-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one, also known as it or 7-ethoxy-4-methyl-coumarin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumarins and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety with a ketone group at the C2 carbon atom (1-benzopyran-2-one). 7-Ethoxy-4-methyl-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 7-ethoxy-4-methyl-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 7-Ethoxy-4-methyl-2H-1-benzopyran-2-one has a nutty and walnut taste. 
it is a palmitate ester obtained by condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic acid with the phenolic hydroxy group of p-nitrophenol. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is a member of the class of formamidines that is N-methylimidoformamide in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen atom has been replaced by a 2,4-dimethylphenyl group. It is a metabolite of the insecticide amitraz. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of benzenes and a member of formamidines. 
Violet-black crystals with a metallic luster and a sharp odor. Mp: 133.5Â°C, bp: 185Â°C. Emits toxic vapor at room conditions; vapor becomes visibly purple when its concentration builds up in a confined space. Nearly insoluble in water but very soluble in aqueous solutions of iodides. it is molecule comprising two covalently bonded it atoms with overall zero charge.. itt has a role as a nutrient. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 53, and atomic weight of 126.90. 
it, also known as bisisomahanine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (R)-mahanine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, (R)-mahanine can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (R)-mahanine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 0Â°F. Corrosive to the skin. Less dense than water and soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air and very toxic by inhalation, attacking the eyes and respiratory system. Prolonged exposure of containers to heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing due to decomposition. Generates toxic oxides of nitrogen when burned. Vapors may travel to a source of ignition and a flame can flashback to the source of vapors. Used as a rocket propellant and to make other chemicals. it is a member of the class of hydrazines that is hydrazine substituted by two methyl groups at position 1. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a teratogenic agent and a fuel. It derives from a hydrazine. 
2, 5-Dimethyl-1, 4-dithiane-2, 5-diol, also known as 2, 5-dimethyl-2, 5-dihydroxy-1, 4-dithiane or 2, 5-dihydroxy-2, 5-dimethyl-1, 4-dithiane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dithianes. Dithianes are compounds containing a dithiane moiety, which is composed of a cyclohexane core structure wherein two methylene units are replaced by sulfur centres. 2, 5-Dimethyl-1, 4-dithiane-2, 5-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-1, 4-dithiane-2, 5-diol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 5-Dimethyl-1, 4-dithiane-2, 5-diol has a bouillon, chicken, and lamb taste. 
it appears as yellow powder or crystals with a musty odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a nitroaniline consisting of an aniline core having two nitro substituents located at the 2- and 4-positions. 
it appears as odorless or almost odorless white or almost white to tan powder. Unpleasant taste with metallic or garlic aftertaste. pH of a solution obtained by shaking 1 g with 30 mL of water is 6 to 8. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic disulfide that results from the formal oxidative dimerisation of N,N-diethyldithiocarbamic acid. A multi-enzyme inhibitor that is used in alcohol aversion therapy and also exhibits anticancer properties. It has a role as an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, a fungicide, an apoptosis inducer, a NF-kappaB inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. it is an orally bioavailable carbamoyl derivative and a proteasome inhibitor that is used in the treatment of alcoholism, with potential antineoplastic and chemosensitizing activities. it (DSF) may help to treat alcoholism by irreversibly binding to and inhibiting acetaldehyde dehydrogenase, an enzyme that oxidizes the ethanol metabolite acetaldehyde into acetic acid. Inhibition of acetaldehyde dehydrogenase leads to an accumulation of acetaldehyde and produces a variety of very unpleasant symptoms, which together are referred to as the it-ethanol reaction (DER). In addition, DSF has a strong ability to chelate metals and its antineoplastic activity is highly dependent upon binding to copper (Cu), a metal that selectively accumulates in cancer cells. DSF/Cu generates reactive oxygen species (ROS) and inhibits proteasome activity, leading to an accumulation of ubiquitinated proteins; both of these processes result in induction of apoptosis. Also, DSF/Cu inhibits various cancer-specific pathways, which leads to inhibition of tumor cell growth. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is acetamide substituted by a chloro group at position 2 and a 2-ethoxyethyl and a 2-methyl-1-phenylprop-1-en-1-yl at the nitrogen atom. It is an agrochemical used as a herbicide. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an agrochemical and a herbicide. It is an olefinic compound, an organochlorine compound, an ether and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a coenzyme found in all living cells; consists of two nucleotides joined through their 5'-phosphate groups, with one nucleotide containing an adenine base and the other containing nicotinamide. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. It is a NAD(P)H and a NAD. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an orally bioavailable selective MEK inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically inhibits mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1 (MAP2K1 or MAPK/ERK kinase 1), resulting in inhibition of growth factor-mediated cell signaling and tumor cell proliferation. MEK, a dual specificity threonine/tyrosine kinase, is a key component of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway that regulates cell growth; constitutive activation of this pathway has been implicated in many cancers. 
it is a steroid hormone that is 17beta-hydroxy-3-oxoestra-4,9-diene substituted at position 17 by a cyanomethyl group. Used as an oral contraceptive. It has a role as a synthetic oral contraceptive, a progesterone receptor agonist and a progestin. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a steroid hormone and an aliphatic nitrile. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. it is an orally-active, semisynthetic, fourth generation, nonethinylated progestogen with antiproliferative, antiandrogenic, anti-inflammatory and antiangiogenic activities that is used in hormone therapy and as a female contraceptive. Upon oral administration, it binds intracellular progesterone receptors which then translocate to the nucleus where the drug-receptor complex interacts with progesterone response elements, thus altering the expression of target genes. it reduces the production of estradiol, prevents ovulation and alters the cervical mucus and endometrium. In addition, it appears to suppress the expression of cell cycle regulator cyclin D1. Altogether, this may prevent the growth of endometrial epithelial cells and may reduce symptoms associated with leiomyoma. 
it is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound that is 1,2,3-trithiane in which one of the hydrogens at position 5 has been replaced by a dimethylamino group. A nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist, it was used (particularly as its hydrogen oxalate salt, known as thyocyclam oxalate) as a broad-spectrum insecticide, but it is also toxic to bees, fish and other aquatic organisms. It is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an agrochemical and a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist. It is a nereistoxin analogue insecticide and an organosulfur heterocyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a 1,2,3-trithiane. 
it is an ergostanoid that is 5alpha-ergost-7-ene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It has been isolated from the mycelia of Cordyceps sinensis. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and an ergostanoid. 
it is a furanochrome in which the basic tricyclic skeleton is substituted at positions 4 and 9 with methoxy groups and at position 7 with a methyl group. A major constituent of the plant Ammi visnaga it is a herbal folk medicine used for various illnesses, its main effect being as a vasodilator. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a bronchodilator agent, an anti-asthmatic agent and a cardiovascular drug. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, an oxacycle and a furanochromone. 
1-{2-[(4-chlorobenzyl)sulfanyl]-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl}-1H-imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1-ethyl-1H-imidazole in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by a (4-chlorobenzyl)sulfanediyl group while a second is replaced by a 2,4-dichlorophenyl group. It is a member of imidazoles, an organic sulfide, a dichlorobenzene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a topical imidazole derivative with broad-spectrum antifungal and antibacterial activity. it is excreted in both the feces and urine. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00203151 (A Study to Evaluate the Tolerability, Safety and Effectiveness of it in the Treatment of Lupus). 
it is a polyunsaturated fatty acid that is it in which the five double bonds are located at positions 2, 4, 6, 8 and 10 (the all-trans-geoisomer). It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a polyunsaturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. 
it is an N-glycosyl compound that consists of 5,6-diaminouracil in which one of the hydrogens on the 6-amino function is substituted by a 5-phospho-beta-D-ribosyl residue. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a N-glycosyl compound, a ribose monophosphate and an aminouracil. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-amino-6-(5-phospho-D-ribosylamino)uracil(2-). 
it is a member of the class of tryptamines that is serotonin in which one of the hydrogens attached to the primary amino group is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of tryptamines. It derives from a serotonin. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-asparagine with the amino group of L-leucine. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-leucine. 
it is a member of the class of nitrotoluenes that is ortho-nitrotoluene bearing two additional hydroxylamino substituents located at the two positions meta to the nitro group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a nitrotoluene and a member of hydroxylamines. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-tryptophan in which the hydrogen at position 5 of the indole ring has been replaced by a chlorine. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, an organochlorine compound and a L-tryptophan derivative. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Ethyl (2E)-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoate, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acid esters. These are aromatic compounds containing an ester derivative of coumaric acid. Ethyl (2E)-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoate is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, ethyl (2E)-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoate can be found in vinegar. This makes ethyl (2E)-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2-it is predominantly used as a diagnostic agent in its radiolabelled form (fluorine-18 is used as the radiolabel). By using positron emission tomography (PET), radiolabelled 2-it can determine glucose metabolism, which is altered in diseases such as cardiovascular disease, tumors, and Alzheimer's disease. Therapeutically, 2-it is an investigational drug that is being studied as an anticancer and antiviral agent. Concerning the former, 2- it was used as an adjunct to chemotherapy and radiotherapy in the treatment of solid tumors (lung, breast, pancreas, head, neck, and gastric tumors). The exact mechanisms of action of 2-it is still being investigated, but it is known that in hypoxic cancer cells, 2-it is a glycolysis inhibitor that prevents ATP production and, ultimately, cell survival. With respect to antiviral therapy, 2-it was shown to be effective against herpes simplex virus by affecting the virus' ability to penetrate cells. As an experimental drug, 2-it was demonstrated to work as an anticonvulsant in temporal lobe epilepsy. In this condition, 2-it represses the expression of certain proteins that are at high levels after a seizure. Although there are several possible therapeutic indications for 2-it, presently there is no approved indication for 2-it as a therapeutic agent. 
it is an N-arylpiperazine that is 2-(piperazin-1-yl)pyridine in which the amino hydrogen is replaced by a 3-(4-fluobenzoyl)propyl group. Used mainly as a tranquiliser for pigs and elephants. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, an aminopyridine, a tertiary amino compound, a member of monofluorobenzenes and an aromatic ketone. 
it appears as a reddish-yellow mobile liquid with an irritating odor. Toxic by ingestion or inhalation, and an irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Prolonged exposure of the containers to intense heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. Used as an industrial disinfectant. 
it, also known as 1, 1'-thiodibutane or 5-thianonane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylthioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by two alkyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a geranium, grassy, and green tasting compound that can be found in brassicas and mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-2-{4-[2-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxyphenoxy)propyl]piperazin-1-yl}acetamide is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-{4-[2-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxyphenoxy)propyl]piperazin-1-yl}acetic acid with the amino group of 2,6-dimethylaniline. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, an aromatic amide, a N-alkylpiperazine, a secondary alcohol and a monomethoxybenzene. it is an orally available, piperazine derivative with anti-anginal and potential antineoplastic activities. it's mechanism of action for its anti-ischemic effects has yet to be fully elucidated but may involve the alteration of the trans-cellular late sodium current in the ischemic myocyte. By preventing the rise of intracellular sodium levels, it may affect the transport activity of sodium-dependent calcium channels and prevent the calcium overload during myocardial ischemia, thereby preventing cellular injury. it's potential antineoplastic effect may depend on its inhibitory effect on fatty acid oxidation, which may sensitize tumor cells to apoptosis and decrease tumor cell proliferation; fatty acid oxidation provides energy and promotes tumor cell proliferation and survival. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anagyrine-type alkaloids. These are lupin alkaloids with a structure based on the anagyrine skeleton. Anagyrine is a tetracyclic ketone containing a quinolizidine, and two pyridine rings fused together to form dipyrido[1, 2-a:1', 2'-e][1, 5]diazocin-4-one. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, baptifoline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, baptifoline can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes baptifoline a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as yellow or orange-yellow powder. One of the most insoluble salts. Basic its are used as pigments. (NTP, 1992) it is a chromium coordination entity comprising chromate and lead(2+) ions in a 1:1 ratio It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a neurotoxin and a nephrotoxin. It is a lead coordination entity and a chromium coordination entity. It contains a lead(2+) and a chromate(2-). it is a yellow, orange or red colored, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic chromium fumes upon heating. it is highly corrosive and is a strong oxidizing agent. This substance is used in printing inks, paints and to color vinyl, rubber and paper. it primarily affects the lungs causing shortness of breath, bronchitis, pneumonia and asthma but can also affect the gastrointestinal tract, liver, kidneys and immune system. This substance is a known human carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer and cancer of the sinonasal cavity. (NCI05) 
it appears as a pale yellow liquid. Irritates skin and respiratory tract. Very toxic by inhalation. Difficult to ignite. Burns at a steady rate once ignited. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat containers may rupture violently and rocket Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is a synthetic, oily, colorless to pale yellow liquid that is insoluble in water and soluble in alcohol and ether. it is used as an oxidizing agent in rocket propellants and explosives as well as an additive to increase the cetane number of diesel fuel. In science, it is used as both an analytical reagent for the detection of double bonds in organic compounds and as a mild nitrating reagent that reacts with tyrosine residues in proteins. The primary route of potential human exposure to it is inhalation. Acute inhalation exposure to it can result in irritation of the respiratory tract, buildup of fluid in the lungs (pulmonary edema) and interference with the oxygen-carrying capacity of red blood cells (methemoglobinemia). Contact with this compound can cause irritation of the eyes and skin. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it appears as a colorless, fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Soluble in benzene and ether (Merck 11th ed., 1989). Vapors are irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes. Vapor causes pulmonary edema. Corrosive to metals and skin. 
A mixture of flavonoids extracted from seeds of the MILK THISTLE, Silybum marianum. It consists primarily of silybin and its isomers, silicristin and silidianin. Silymarin displays antioxidant and membrane stabilizing activity. It protects various tissues and organs against chemical injury, and shows potential as an antihepatoxic agent. 
it is a magnesium salt having sulfate as the counterion. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a cardiovascular drug, a calcium channel blocker, an anaesthetic, a tocolytic agent, an anti-arrhythmia drug, an analgesic and a fertilizer. It is a magnesium salt and a metal sulfate. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid isolated from Maprounea africana and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against HIV-1 reverse transcriptase. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzamides. These are organic compounds containing a carboxamido substituent attached to a benzene ring (Â±)-it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (Â±)-it can be found in fruits. This makes (Â±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(1E)-1-(4-chlorophenyl)-4,4-dimethyl-2-(1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)pent-1-en-3-ol is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1,2,4-triazole which is substituted at position 1 by a 1-(p-chlorophenyl)-3-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylpent-1-en-2-yl group. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a secondary alcohol and a member of triazoles. 
it is a tertiary amino compound which is the phenyl-o-tolylmethyl ether of 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol. It has a role as a NMDA receptor antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist, an antiparkinson drug, a parasympatholytic, a muscle relaxant, a muscarinic antagonist and an antidyskinesia agent. It is a tertiary amino compound and an ether. it is a muscarinic antagonist with muscle relaxant activity. Although the mechanism of action has not been determined, it appears to block muscarinic acetylcholine receptors as well as N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors in the central nervous system (CNS). This may interfere with the transmission of nerve impulses from the spinal cord to the muscles and may help relax muscles. In addition, it exerts antagonistic effects on histamine H1 receptors. 
it is a hydrate that is the heptahydrate form of iron(2+) sulfate. It is used as a source of iron in the treatment of iron-deficiency anaemia (generally in liquid-dosage treatments; for solid-dosage treatments, the monohydrate is normally used). It has a role as a nutraceutical, an anti-anaemic agent and a reducing agent. It is a hydrate and an iron molecular entity. It contains an iron(2+) sulfate (anhydrous). 
it is a palmitate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic acid with the hydroxy group of decan-1-ol. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a wax ester. It derives from a decan-1-ol. 
it is an alpha-amino acid that is caproic acid substituted by an amino group at position 2. It derives from a hexanoic acid. 
it, also known as it or 2-methyl-4-amino-1-naphthol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthols and derivatives. These are naphthalene derivatives carrying one or more hydroxyl (-OH) groups at any ring position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-amino-2-methyl-1-naphthol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human muscle tissue. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the myelin sheath. 
Nafarelin Acetate is the acetate salt form of nafarelin, a modified synthetic porcine luteinizing hormone (LH)-releasing hormone peptide analog, with gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) agonist activity. Upon nasal inhalation, nafarelin acetate binds to the GnRH receptor. This initially results in the release of the gonadotropins, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and LH, from the pituitary gland; however, prolonged stimulation of the GnRH receptor desensitizes the receptor, which leads to decreased secretion of FSH and LH. In females, the inhibition of gonadotropin secretion causes hypogonadotropic hypogonadism leading to decreased production of estrogen and progesterone and anovulation. In males, the inhibition of LH secretion prevents the production and release of testosterone from Leydig cells in the testes and causes a significant decline in testosterone production that is near the levels seen following castration. 
it is a dinitrile that is tert-butylbenzene in which the hydrogen at the para- position is substituted by a 4,4-dicyano-2-methylbuta-1,3-dien-1-yl group (the trans isomer). It is used as a matrix in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) mass spectrometry. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material. 
it is a C30, very long straight-chain, saturated fatty acid. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and an ultra-long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a triacontanoate. 
4-Phenylbut-3-en-2-one, also known as benz or methyl styryl ketone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as styrenes. These are organic compounds containing an ethenylbenzene moiety. 4-Phenylbut-3-en-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as amyl caprate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer (NSCLC), Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Mutations, and Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor (EGFR) Mutations, among others. it is an orally available, irreversible, third-generation, mutant-selective, epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it covalently binds to and inhibits the activity of mutant forms of EGFR, including the T790M EGFR mutant, thereby preventing EGFR-mediated signaling. This may both induce cell death and inhibit tumor growth in EGFR-overexpressing tumor cells. EGFR, a receptor tyrosine kinase mutated in many tumor cell types, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization. it preferentially inhibits mutated forms of EGFR including T790M, a secondarily acquired resistance mutation, and may have therapeutic benefits in tumors with T790M-mediated resistance when compared to other EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitors. As this agent is selective towards mutant forms of EGFR, its toxicity profile may be reduced as compared to non-selective EGFR inhibitors which also inhibit wild-type EGFR. 
it is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a chlorinated steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug, a dermatologic drug, a vasoconstrictor agent and an anti-allergic agent. It derives from a Delta(1)-progesterone. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine substituted by a 3-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl]propyl group at the nitogen atom and an acetyl group at position 2. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. It is a member of phenothiazines, a N-alkylpiperazine and a N-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazine. It derives from a 10H-phenothiazine. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Less dense than water. Contact irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make photographic chemicals. it is a member of the class of hydrazines that is hydrazine in which one of the hydrogens attached to each nitrogen is replaced by a methyl group. A powerful DNA alkylating agent and carcinogen, it is used to induce colon cancer in laboratory rats and mice. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and an alkylating agent. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is a fluoroalkane that is hexadecane in which all of the hydrogen atoms at positions 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 have been replaced by fluorine atoms. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant. It is a fluorohydrocarbon and a fluoroalkane. It derives from a hydride of a hexadecane. 
it is a tetrahydrofurandione that is succinic anhydride substituted by a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride and a tetrahydrofurandione. It derives from a succinic anhydride. 
it is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of succinylcholine chloride. It has a role as a muscle relaxant. It contains a succinylcholine chloride (anhydrous). 
it is a colorless, nearly odorless nonflammable gas. It may be mildly toxic and irritating by inhalation. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. It is used as a solvent and as a fire extinguishing agent. 
it is a quinone imine that is indophenol substituted by chloro groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a reagent and a dye. It is an organochlorine compound, a member of phenols and a quinone imine. It derives from an indophenol. 
it is a macrotriolide produced by certain members of Enterobacteriaceae, e.g. Escherichia coli and Salmonella. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a siderophore. It is a crown compound, a member of catechols, a polyphenol and a macrotriolide. It is a conjugate acid of an it(6-) and an it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyfluorenes that is 9H-fluorene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 4. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
Dihydro analog of beta-erythroidine, which is isolated from the seeds and other plant parts of Erythrina sp. Leguminosae. It is an alkaloid with curarimimetic properties. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 is substituted by a 4-(2-methylpropyl)phenyl group. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, an antipyretic, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a radical scavenger and a drug allergen. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is a propionic acid derivate and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic effects. it inhibits the activity of cyclo-oxygenase I and II, resulting in a decreased formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes. This leads to decreased prostaglandin synthesis, by prostaglandin synthase, the main physiologic effect of it. it also causes a decrease in the formation of thromboxane A2 synthesis, by thromboxane synthase, thereby inhibiting platelet aggregation. (NCI05) 
it, also known as fema 2931, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a balsam and nutty tasting compound that can be found in cloves and milk and milk products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Borneol appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. it is a borneol. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-borneol. 
it is a fatty amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadec-9-enoic acid with dimethylamine. Skin and eye irritant. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid and a dimethylamine. 
it is a benzodiazepine that is 10H-thieno[2,3-b][1,5]benzodiazepine substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a 4-methylpiperazin-1-yl group at position 4. It has a role as a histamine antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist, an antiemetic, a second generation antipsychotic and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. It is a benzodiazepine, a N-methylpiperazine and a N-arylpiperazine. it is a synthetic derivative of thienobenzodiazepine with antipsychotic, antinausea, and antiemetic activities. As a selective monoaminergic antagonist, it binds with high affinity binding to the following receptors: serotoninergic, dopaminergic, muscarinic M1-5, histamine H1, and alpha-1-adrenergic receptors; it binds weakly to gamma-aminobutyric acid type A, benzodiazepine, and beta-adrenergic receptors. The antinausea and antiemetic effects of this agent appear to be due to the blockade of 5-HT2 and 5-HT3 receptors for serotonin. Although its exact mechanism of action in schizophrenia is unknown, it has been proposed that it's antipsychotic activity is mediated through antagonism to dopamine D2 receptors with rapid ligand-receptor dissociation kinetics that help to minimize extrapyramidal symptoms (EPS). it may also stimulate appetite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an it with a single iodo substituent placed at the 2-position. It is an it and a 2-halobenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-iodobenzoate. 
it is an L-lysine derivative in which one of the amino hydrogens at N(6)-amino is substituted by a 6-[(2S)-2-amino-2-carboxyethyl]-3,4-dioxocyclohexa-1,5-dien-1-yl group. It is a L-lysine derivative, a L-tyrosine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of 1,2-benzoquinones. 
it is a serine derivative resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid with the amino group of serine. It has a role as a siderophore. It is a serine derivative, a member of benzamides and a member of phenols. It derives from a 2,3-dihydroxybenzoic acid. 
6-({[3, 4, 5-trihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxan-2-yl]oxy}methyl)oxane-2, 3, 4, 5-tetrol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. 6-({[3, 4, 5-trihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxan-2-yl]oxy}methyl)oxane-2, 3, 4, 5-tetrol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an amino sugar phosphate that is the 6-O-phosphate of 3-amino-3-deoxy-D-glucopyranose. It derives from a 3-amino-3-deoxy-D-glucopyranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an acene that consists of four ortho-fused benzene rings in a rectilinear arrangement. It is an acene and a member of tetracenes. 
it, also known as it or fema 3488, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an apple skin, fresh, and fruity taste. 
it is a long-acting, small polar angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is an N-(1-benzylpyrrolidin-3-yl)-5,6-dimethylthieno[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-amine in which the chiral centre has R configuration. Both enantiomers act as fatty acid synthase inhibitors, although the (S)-enantiomer was found to be more than 4 times as active as the (R)-enantiomer. It has a role as a fatty acid synthesis inhibitor and an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-Fasnall. 
it appears as a water-white to pale-yellow liquid with an odor like isopropyl alcohol. About the same density as water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is an ommochrome that consists of a pyrido[3,2-a]phenoxazine ring system bearing hydroxy, carboxy, oxo and 3-amino-3-carboxypropanoyl substituents at positions 1, 3, 5 and 11 respectively. The parent of the class of its. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is malic acid (2-hydroxysuccinic acid) in which the hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by a propyl group. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid and a 2-hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. 
it appears as crystalline pale yellow to white solid or powder with a musty moth ball odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. it is a C-nitro compound that is nitrobenzene in which every hydrogen has been replaced by a chlorine. A fungicide used on a variety of crops, including cotton, rice and seed grains, it is no longer approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a C-nitro compound, a member of pentachlorobenzenes and an aromatic fungicide. 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of it free base with 1 mol eq. of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a Smad3 inhibitor. It contains a it free base(1+). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is thyroacetic acid carrying four iodo substituents at positions 3, 3', 5 and 5'. It has a role as a thyroid hormone, a human metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is an iodophenol, a 2-halophenol, a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ether. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an anise, balsam, and honey taste. 
it is a colorless liquid with an ether-like odor. It is soluble in water and is also a combustible liquid. Its vapors are heavier than air and it is very toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Prolonged exposure to low concentrations or short term exposure to high concentrations may result in adverse health effects. it is a chloroethanol carrying a chloro substituent at position 2. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. Ethylene Chlorohydrin is an organochlorine compound and hazardous substance. it is used as a solvent and in the manufacture of a variety of industrial agents. 
it appears as a clear, colorless liquid with a strong skunk-like odor. Flash point in range -18 to 43Â°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
Gingerol, also known as it or (6)-gingerol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gingerols. Gingerols are compounds containing a gingerol moiety, which is structurally characterized by a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl group substituted at the C6 carbon atom by a 5-hydroxy-alkane-3-one. Gingerol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, gingerol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Gingerol is a pungent tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as star anise, sweet bay, nutmeg, and herbs and spices. This makes gingerol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an organic heterobicyclic compound that consists of (5R)-4-thia-1-azabicyclo[3.2.0]hept-2-ene bearing a 7-keto substituent. The parent of the class of its. It derives from a penam. 
it is a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid that is 1',2',3',4'-tetradehydroberbaman which has been substituted by a methyl group at position 2, methoxy groups at positions 6, 6', 7, and 12, and an oxo group at the 15' position. Isolated from Stephania tetrandra. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid, a macrocycle and an aromatic ether. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is the 5,6,7-trimethyl ether derivative of baicalein. It has been isolated from the plant Callicarpa japonica and has been shown to exhibit antiviral activity. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anti-HSV-1 agent. It derives from a baicalein. 
Dopa is a hydroxyphenylalanine carrying hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 4 of the benzene ring. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a hydroxyphenylalanine, a tyrosine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a paramagnetic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA), with imaging activity upon magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). When placed in a magnetic field, gadodiamide generates a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons. This change in proton relaxation dynamics, iincreases the MRI signal intensity of tissues in which gadodiamide has accumulated; therefore, visualization of those tissues is enhanced. 
it is a fenchane monoterpenoid that is bicyclo[2.2.1]heptane substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 3 and 3 and a hydroxy group at position 2 (the 1S,2S,4R stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is a fenchane monoterpenoid and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is a light-yellow liquid with a pungent mercaptan-like odor. Used primarily as an insecticide for corn. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. 
it is a lignan that is dihydrofuran-2(3H)-one (gamma-butyrolactone) substituted by a 3,4-methylenedioxybenzyl group at positions 3 and 4 (the 3R,4R-diastereoisomer). It has a role as a trypanocidal drug. It is a lignan, a gamma-lactone and a member of benzodioxoles. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having malonyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a malonic acid. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid carrying an amino group at position 3. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-aminobenzoate. 
it is a synthetic hydroxamate with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds covalently to the zinc ion in the active site of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs), thereby inhibiting the action of MMPs, inducing extracellular matrix degradation, and inhibiting angiogenesis, tumor growth and invasion, and metastasis. (NCI04) 
it is an organochlorine compound that is 2,5-dihydro-2-furylacetic acid substituted by chloro groups at positions 2 and 4 and an oxo group at position 5. It is an organochlorine compound and a 5-oxo-2-furylacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,4-dichloro-5-oxo-2,5-dihydro-2-furylacetate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, calonectrin is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
Doxorubicinol aglycone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthracyclines. These are polyketides containing a tetracenequinone ring structure with a sugar attached by glycosidic linkage. Doxorubicinol aglycone is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Doxorubicinol aglycone has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, doxorubicinol aglycone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Glycyl radical is an alpha-amino-acid radical derived from glycine. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It derives from a glycine. 
2-methyl-4-chlorophenoxybutyric acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid substituted by a 2-methyl-4-chlorophenoxy group at position 4. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a phenoxy herbicide. It is an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it(+) is a nicotinic acid dinucleotide. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of biphenyls that is benzidine in which one of the hydrogens ortho to each of the amino groups has been replaced by an amino group. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a member of biphenyls and a substituted aniline. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone in which the three hydroxy substituents are located at positions 3', 4' and 7. It is found in Acacia mearnsii, Vernonia anthelmintica and Dalbergia odorifera and has a protective affect against oxidative stress-induced mitochondrial dysfunction. It has a role as an antioxidant, a protective agent and a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. 
A highly fluorescent anti-infective dye used clinically as a topical antiseptic and experimentally as a mutagen, due to its interaction with DNA. It is also used as an intracellular pH indicator. 
An allylic compound that acts as a suicide inactivator of CYTOCHROME P450 by covalently binding to its heme moiety or surrounding protein. 
Xibornol is a bridged compound that is 3,4-xylenol carrying an additional isobornyl substituent at position 6. A lipophilic antibacterial drug mainly used in spray dosage forms for the local treatment of infection and inflammation of the throat. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a member of phenols and a bridged compound. It derives from a hydride of a bornane. 
it is a topical astringent that is used as an antiseptic agent. it is used to treat inflammation, itching, and stinging of the infected skin and promotes healing. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclopyrrolones. Cyclopyrrolones are compounds belonging to a family of pyridin-2-ylpyrrole based chemicals. The pyrrole is usually fused to a benzene, pyrimidine, or dithiin. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 4-hydroxyphenylacetic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a fungal metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-hydroxyphenylacetic acid. 
it is an arylmercury compound consisting of benzylpenicillenic acid conjugated via its mercapto group to 4-carboxyphenylmercury. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an arylmercury compound and a benzylpenicillenic acid. 
it3 is a glycosidic antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces griseus. it3 reversibly binds to guanine-cytosine (G-C) base pairs in the minor groove of DNA, thereby inhibiting RNA synthesis. This agent is used as a fluorescent chromosome dye. (NCI04) 
it is the L-enantiomer of cysteic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a cysteic acid, an amino sulfonic acid, a L-alanine derivative, a L-cysteine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-cysteate(1-). 
it is a flavanone glycoside that consists of fustin attached to a beta-D-galactosyl moiety at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It is a beta-D-galactoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a trihydroxyflavanone, a flavanone glycoside and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a fustin. 
Synthetic agents containing the phenyl-1-butanone group, most its are neuroleptic (antipsychotic) drugs, such as haloperidol, droperidol, or azaperone, that control schizophrenic symptoms (hallucinations, delusions, dementia). Most antipsychotic agents interfere with neurotransmitter functions, usually blocking dopamine receptors, and induce behavioral, endocrine, motor-kinetic effects. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, asitrilobin b is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, asitrilobin b can be found in fruits. This makes asitrilobin b a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Dinitrophenol, solution appears as a yellow colored liquid dissolved in an organic solvent. The flammability of the solution depends on the solvent. Dinitrophenol itself is combustible though it may require some effort to ignite. Toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in the spontaneous decomposition and heating with a resultant explosion. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefuroxime and a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefuroxime sodium inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inactivating penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of the cell wall. Lack of cross-linking results in a reduction of cell wall stability and leads to cell lysis. 
it is a clear colorless oily liquid with an aromatic odor. (NTP, 1992)  Combustible, may cause burns to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. it is an organofluorine compound formed by substitution of all the methyl protons in propan-2-ol by fluorine. It is a metabolite of inhalation anesthetic sevoflurane. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is an organofluorine compound and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a propan-2-ol. 
it is a linear nonapeptide messenger belonging to the kinin group of proteins, with amino acid sequence RPPGFSPFR. Enzymatically produced from itn the blood, it is a powerful vasodilator that causes smooth muscle contraction, and may mediate inflammation. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a vasodilator agent. It is a tautomer of a it(2+). it (9 aa, ~1 kDa) is encoded by the human KNG1 gene. This protein is involved in blood pressure regulation and pain receptor stimulation. 
Guanosine 3'-diphosphate 5'-triphosphate, also known as guanosine 5'-triphosphate, 3'-diphosphate or guanosine pentaphosphate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine ribonucleoside triphosphates. These are purine ribobucleotides with a triphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety. Guanosine 3'-diphosphate 5'-triphosphate is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organochlorine pesticide having a 3,6-dichlorinated picolinic acid structure. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a member of pyridines and an organochlorine pesticide. It derives from a picolinic acid. 
A broad-spectrum semisynthetic antibiotic related to TETRACYCLINE but excreted more slowly and maintaining effective blood levels for a more extended period. 
it is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-(difluoromethyl)-1-methylpyrazole-4-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 2-[1,1'-bi(cyclopropyl)-2-yl]aniline. It is an aromatic amide, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyrazoles, a ring assembly and a member of cyclopropanes. 
A 21-amino acid peptide produced in a variety of tissues including endothelial and vascular smooth-muscle cells, neurons and astrocytes in the central nervous system, and endometrial cells. It acts as a modulator of vasomotor tone, cell proliferation, and hormone production. (N Eng J Med 1995;333(6):356-63) 
it is a L-leucine derivative that is L-leucine substituted by an oxo group at position 5. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a L-leucine derivative. 
1'-Acetoxychavicol acetate, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. 1'-Acetoxychavicol acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1'-acetoxychavicol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1'-acetoxychavicol acetate can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 1'-acetoxychavicol acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 1-monoglyceride resulting from the condensation of the carboxy group of prostaglandin E2 with the 1-hydroxy group of glycerol. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 1-monoglyceride, an alicyclic ketone, a prostaglandins E, a tetrol and a secondary allylic alcohol. It derives from a prostaglandin E2. 
it is the disodium salt of a synthetic form of a naturally-occurring dipeptide consisting of L-glutamic acid and L-tryptophan with potential antiangiogenic and potential immunomodulating activities. Oglufanide inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), which may inhibit angiogenesis. This agent has also been reported to stimulate the immune response to hepatitic C virus and intracellular bacterial infections. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as harmala alkaloids. Harmala alkaloids are compounds with a structure based on harmaline, harmine, harmalol, harman or a derivative of those parents. These parents are beta-carbolines, consisting of a pyrimidine fused to the pyrrole moiety of an indole to form a pyrido[3, 4-b]indole. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the maleate salt form of dexchlorpheniramine, an alkylamine, and first-generation histamine antagonist with anti-allergic activity. it competitively blocks H1 receptors, thereby preventing the actions of histamine on bronchial smooth muscle, capillaries and gastrointestinal (GI) smooth muscle. This prevents histamine-induced bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, and GI smooth muscle spasms. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is 30-norlupan-28-oic acid substituted by a 3beta-hydroxy and an oxo group at position 20. It is isolated from the leaves of Syzygium claviflorum and exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a methyl ketone and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. 
Lissamine fast red is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 5-[(4-acetamido-2-sulfophenyl)diazenyl]-6-amino-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2-sulfonic acid. Used along with acid fuchsin as a constituent of the plasma staining solution in Lendrum's Picro-Mallory for fibrin. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It contains a lissamine fast red(2-). 
it is a monoamino-1,3,5-triazine that is 1,3,5-triazin-2-amine substituted by a methoxy group at position 4 and a methyl group at position 6. It is a metabolite of the herbicide thifensulfuron-methyl. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monoamino-1,3,5-triazine and an aromatic ether. 
MELK Inhibitor OTS167 is an orally available inhibitor of maternal embryonic leucine zipper kinase (MELK) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, OTS167 binds to MELK, which prevents both MELK phosphorylation and activation; thus inhibiting the phosphorylation of downstream MELK substrates. This may lead to an inhibition of both cell proliferation and survival in MELK-expressing tumor cells. MELK, a serine/threonine kinase, is involved in cancer cell survival, invasiveness and cancer-stem cell formation and maintenance; it is highly upregulated in various types of cancer cells and absent in normal, healthy cells. 
it is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt and an erythromycin derivative. It has a role as an enzyme inhibitor. It contains an erythromycin A 2'-propanoate. it is the lauryl sulfate ester of propionyl erythromycin, a broad-spectrum, topical macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. it may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of ziprasidone, a benzothiazolylpiperazine derivative and an atypical antipsychotic agent with an antischizophrenic property. it functions as an antagonist at the dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2A and 5-HT1D receptors, and as an agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor. it also inhibits synaptic reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. The mechanism of action by which it exerts its antischizophrenic effect is unknown but is potentially mediated through a combination of dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 antagonism. This agent also has antagonistic activity against histamine H1 and alpha-1-adrenergic receptors. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of buspirone and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an anxiolytic drug, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor, a sedative and a serotonergic agonist. It contains a buspirone(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of an anxiolytic agent chemically and pharmacologically unrelated to benzodiazepines, barbiturates, or other sedative/hypnotic drugs. Although its exact mechanism of action is unknown, buspirone may exert its anti-anxiety effects via serotonin (5-HT1A) and dopamine receptors (D2) and may indirectly affect other neurotransmitter systems. Unlike typical benzodiazepine anxiolytics, this agent does not exert anticonvulsant or muscle relaxant effects and lacks prominent sedative effects. 
Cyclic basic peptide related to VIOMYCIN. It is isolated from an induced mutant of Streptomyces griseoverticillatus var. tuberacticus and acts as an antitubercular agent with less ototoxicity than tuberactinomycin. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is (+)-taxifolin substituted by a beta-D-xylopyranosyl residue at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a beta-D-xyloside, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a flavanone glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a tetrahydroxyflavanone. It derives from a (+)-taxifolin and a beta-D-xylose. 
it is a polycyclic indole alkaloid that is obtained from the root bark of Voacanga africana. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heteropolycyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a spiro compound, a bridged compound and a methyl ester. 
it (anhydrous) is the (S)-(-) (more active) enantiomer of it. A beta-adrenergic antagonist, both the hemihydrate and the maleate salt are used in the mangement of glaucoma, hypertension, angina pectoris and myocardial infarction, and for the prevention of migraine. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug, an antihypertensive agent, an anti-arrhythmia drug and a beta-adrenergic antagonist. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-it. it is a propanolamine derivative and a non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with antihypertensive property. it competitively binds to beta-1-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle and beta-2-receptors in the bronchial and vascular smooth muscle, resulting in a decrease in beta-adrenergic stimulation. Beta-1-receptor blockade results in a decrease in resting and exercise heart rate and cardiac output, a decrease in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and, possibly, a reduction in reflex orthostatic hypotension. Beta-2-blockade results in an increase in peripheral vascular resistance. The ultimate results include vasodilation, and negative chronotropic and inotropic cardiac effects. In addition, it reduces intra-ocular pressure possibly by decreasing aqueous humor production by reduction of blood flow to the ciliary processes and cAMP synthesis. 
it is 1,4-Naphthoquinone carrying a hydroxy function at C-2. It is obtained from the leaves of Lawsonia inermis. It has a role as a protective agent and an antifungal agent. It is a tautomer of a naphthalene-1,2,4-trione. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
P-chloro-o-cresol is a dark red flakes with waxy texture. Insoluble in water. it is a member of the class of phenols that is o-cresol in which the hydrogen para to the hydroxy group is replaced by a chlorine. It is a member of phenols and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an o-cresol. 
it, also known as 24-epicampesterol or ergost-5-en-3beta-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ergosterols and derivatives. These are steroids containing ergosta-5, 7, 22-trien-3beta-ol or a derivative thereof, which is based on the 3beta-hydroxylated ergostane skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, dihydrobrassicasterol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, dihydrobrassicasterol can be found in cucumber, fruits, muskmelon, and watermelon. This makes dihydrobrassicasterol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. Campesterol is a steroid derivative that is the simplest sterol, characterized by the hydroxyl group in position C-3 of the steroid skeleton, and saturated bonds throughout the sterol structure, with the exception of the 5-6 double bond in the B ring. 
it is the sulfosalicylate salt form of meclocycline, a tetracycline antibiotic with broad-spectrum antibacterial and antiprotozoal activity. it is bacteriostatic and inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby preventing the addition of amino acids to the growing peptide chain. This tetracycline is active against a wide range of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. 
4-(1-hydroxy-2-{[4-(4-hydroxyphenyl)butan-2-yl]amino}ethyl)phenol is a secondary amino compound that is 4-(2-amino-1-hydroxyethyl)phenol in which one of the hydrogens attacehd to the nitrogen is replaced by a 4-(p-hydroxyphenyl)butan-2-yl group. It is a polyphenol, a secondary amino compound, a member of benzyl alcohols and a secondary alcohol. 
Galactaric acid, also known as mucic acid or galactarate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glucuronic acid derivatives. Glucuronic acid derivatives are compounds containing a glucuronic acid moiety (or a derivative), which consists of a glucose moiety with the C6 carbon oxidized to a carboxylic acid. Galactaric acid exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Galactaric acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva, urine, and blood. Within the cell, galactaric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Galactaric acid is also a parent compound for other transformation products, including but not limited to, 2-(e)-O-feruloyl-D-galactaric acid, O-feruloylgalactaric acid, and galactaric acid derivative. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon) it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless gas or very low-boiling, volatile liquid (b.p. 8.3Â°C, 48Â°F) with an odor of new-mown hay or green corn. Extremely toxic. Warning properties of the gas inhaled are slight, death may occur within 36 hours (Lewis, 3rd ed., 1993, p. 1027). Prolonged exposure of the containers to intense heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing.   Rate of onset: Immediate & Delayed (Lungs)  Persistence: Minutes - hours  Odor threshold: 0.5 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Dye, pesticide, and other industries; history as war gas, corrosive/irritating . it is an acyl chloride obtained by substitution of both hydrogens of formaldehyde by chlorine. It derives from a formaldehyde. 
Cerebrosides which contain as their polar head group a galactose moiety bound in glycosidic linkage to the hydroxyl group of ceramide. Their accumulation in tissue, due to a defect in beta-galactosidase, is the cause of galactosylceramide lipidosis or globoid cell leukodystrophy. 
it is a straight-chain, sixteen-carbon, saturated long-chain fatty acid. It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.189 (prostaglandin-E2 9-reductase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a hexadecanoate. it is a saturated long-chain fatty acid with a 16-carbon backbone. it is found naturally in palm oil and palm kernel oil, as well as in butter, cheese, milk and meat. 
it is an aryl sulfate the mono 4-nitrophenyl ester of sulfuric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
Bis(2-furanylmethyl) disulfide, also known as 2-it or 2, 2'-(dithiodimethylene)di-furan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. Bis(2-furanylmethyl) disulfide exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, bis(2-furanylmethyl) disulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Bis(2-furanylmethyl) disulfide is a cabbage, chicken, and coffee tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products and coffee and coffee products. This makes bis(2-furanylmethyl) disulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a phosphoamino acid consisting of creatine having a phospho group attached at the primary nitrogen of the guanidino group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a phosphoamino acid and a phosphagen. It derives from a creatine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-phosphocreatinate(2-). 
it, also known as ethyl 3(2-furyl)propanoate or ethyl furfhydracrylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, balsam, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N-cyclohexyl-2-aminoethanesulfonic acid is an alkanesulfonic acid that is cyclohexanamine in which one of the amino hydrogens is substituted by a 2-sulfoethyl group. It is used as a buffer (pH range of 8.6-10.0) for studying pH-dependent processes in enzymology. It has a role as a Good's buffer substance. It is an alkanesulfonic acid and a secondary aliphatic amine. 
it is an odorless white solid. Melting point 171Â°C. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a member of its. It has a role as an astringent. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrogenborate. it is a weakly acidic hydrate of boric oxide with mild antiseptic, antifungal, and antiviral properties. The exact mechanism of action of it is unknown; generally cytotoxic to all cells. It is used in the treatment of yeast infections and cold sores. 
it is an L-cysteine derivative in which the sulfur atom carries a nitroso substituent. A cell-permeable low-molecular-weight nitrosothiol and nitric oxide donor. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a hematologic agent. It is a L-cysteine derivative and a nitrosothio compound. 
it is a ring assembly that is a dimer obtained by coupling between 1,5,8-trihydroxy-3-methoxy-9H-xanthen-9-one and C-glycosylated 5,7,3',4'-tetrahydroxyflavone. Isolated from Swertia franchetiana, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite, a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an EC 6.5.1.1 [DNA ligase (ATP)] inhibitor. It is a member of xanthones, a tetrahydroxyflavone, a C-glycosyl compound and a biaryl. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02535286 (Study of Immunotherapy in Combination With Ublituximab and it in Patients With Relapsed-refractory CLL or Richter's Transformation). it is an orally bioavailable, selective inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class I phosphoinositide-3 kinases (PI3K) with potential antineoplastic activity. PI3K-delta inhibitor it inhibits PI3K and prevents the activation of the PI3K/AKT kinase signaling pathway. This decreases proliferation and induces cell death in susceptible tumor cells. Unlike other isoforms of PI3K, PI3K-delta is expressed primarily in tumor cells and cells of the hematopoietic lineage. The targeted inhibition of PI3K-delta allows for PI3K signaling in normal, non-neoplastic cells. PI3K, an enzyme often overexpressed in cancer cells, plays a crucial role in tumor cell regulation and survival. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid bearing a 3-oxo substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a ketone body and a 3-oxo fatty acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of an acetoacetate. It is a tautomer of a 3-hydroxy-3-butenoic acid. 
it appears as a colorless low-boiling liquid that is denser than water. Very toxic by inhalation. Can be absorbed through the skin. Has a sharp odor, but the sense of smell cannot be relied upon to warn of the presence of vapors at low concentrations.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 0.002 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: From decayed organic matter - pulp mills, oil refineries; highly flammable; liquid burns/frostbite. it is an alkanethiol. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
it appears as white to yellow paste or liquid with a weak ammonia odor. May float or sink in water. (USCG, 1999) 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Metastatic Melanoma, Advanced Nonhematologic Malignancies, and Advanced Non-hematologic Malignancies. MEK Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailable small-molecule inhibitor of MEK1 and MEK2 (MEK1/2) with potential antineoplastic activity. MEK inhibitor it selectively binds to and inhibits the activity of MEK1/2, preventing the activation of MEK1/2-dependent effector proteins and transcription factors, which may result in the inhibition of growth factor-mediated cell signaling and tumor cell proliferation. MEK1/2 (MAP2K1/K2) are dual-specificity threonine/tyrosine kinases that play key roles in the activation of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK pathway and are often upregulated in a variety of tumor cell types. 
it is a trihydroxyflavone that is flavone with hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' and methoxy groups at positions 3' and 6. Isolated from Salvia tomentosa and Artemisia asiatica, it exhibits anti-allergic, anti-inflammatory and apoptosis inducing activties. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an apoptosis inducer, an anti-allergic agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. 
it is a carboxamide that is chlorantraniliprole in which the chlorine atom attached to the phenyl ring has been replaced by a cyano group. A ryanodine receptor agonist, it is used as insecticide for the control of whitefly, thrips, aphids, fruitflies, and fruit worms in crops such as onions, potatoes and tomatoes. It is highly toxic to honeybees. It has a role as a ryanodine receptor agonist. It is a pyrazole insecticide, a nitrile, an organochlorine compound, an organobromine compound, a member of pyridines and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is the succinate salt form of metoprolol, a cardioselective competitive beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive properties and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. it antagonizes beta 1-adrenergic receptors in the myocardium, thereby reducing the rate and force of myocardial contraction, and consequently a diminished cardiac output. This agent may also reduce the secretion of renin with subsequent reduction in levels of angiotensin II thus decreasing sympathetic activation, including vasoconstriction, aldosterone secretion. 
it is a cationic fluorescent dye derived from 9-phenylxanthene. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organic cation and a xanthene dye. 
5, 7-Dihydro-2-methylthieno[3, 4-D]pyrimidine, also known as 2-methyl-5, 7-dihydrothieno(3, 4-D)pyrimidine or fema 3338, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thienopyrimidines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a thiophene ring fused to a pyrimidine ring. Thiophene is 5-membered ring consisting of four carbon atoms and one sulfur atom. Pyrimidine is a 6-membered ring consisting of four carbon atoms and two nitrogen centers at the 1- and 3- ring positions. 5, 7-Dihydro-2-methylthieno[3, 4-D]pyrimidine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5, 7-dihydro-2-methylthieno[3, 4-D]pyrimidine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5, 7-Dihydro-2-methylthieno[3, 4-D]pyrimidine has a chip, corn, and popcorn taste. 
it is a member of the class of dithiocarbamate anions resulting from the deprotonation of both of the dithiocarbamic acid moieties of ethylenebis(dithiocarbamic acid). The major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an ethylenebis(dithiocarbamic acid). 
it is the alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is the active nucleus for the synthesis of cephalosporins and intermediates. It derives from a cephalosporanic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is 4-nitrocatechol in which the hydroxy group that is meta to the nitro group has been converted into the corresponding hydrogen sulfate. It is used (commonly as its dipotassium salt) as a chromogenic substrate for sulphatase. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a member of 4-nitrophenols and an aryl sulfate. It derives from a 4-nitrocatechol. 
Aminocamptothecin is a water-insoluble camptothecin derivative. Aminocamptothecin binds to the nuclear enzyme topoisomerase I, thereby inhibiting repair of single-strand DNA breakages. Because the terminal lactone ring of aminocamptothecin required for the agent's antitumor activity spontaneously opens under physiological conditions to an inactive carboxy form, the drug must be administered over an extended period of time to achieve effective cytotoxicity. (NCI04) 
A cobalt-containing coordination compound produced by intestinal micro-organisms and found also in soil and water. Higher plants do not concentrate vitamin B 12 from the soil and so are a poor source of the substance as compared with animal tissues. INTRINSIC FACTOR is important for the assimilation of vitamin B 12. 
it is a chromanol that is 6-hydroxychromane which is substituted by a carboxy group at position 2 and by methyl groups at positions 2, 5, 7, and 8. A cell-permeable, water-soluble analogue of vitamin E, it is used as a standard for measuring the antioxidant capacity of complex mixtures. It has a role as an antioxidant and a radical scavenger. It is a chromanol, a member of phenols and a monocarboxylic acid. 
EDTA(2-) is the tetracarboxylic acid anion formed by deprotonation of two of the four carboxy groups in ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA). It is a conjugate base of an ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an EDTA(3-). 
Glycine it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of glycine betaine. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It contains a N,N,N-trimethylglycinium. 
it, also known as fema 2071, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isoamyl 2-furonpropionate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, apple, and caramel taste. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate that is the mono-p-nitrophenyl ester of thymidine 5'-monophosphate. It is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate, a C-nitro compound and an aryl phosphate. It derives from a dTMP. 
it is a nitrile that is propionitrile in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a phenyl group. It is a nitrile and a member of benzenes. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
it is a colorless solid. The technical product is a yellow to reddish-brown solid. Used as an insecticide for insect control on livestock, especially housefly control. It is no longer produced commercially in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
A secretory proteinase inhibitory protein that was initially purified from human SKIN. It is found in a variety mucosal secretions and is present at high levels in SPUTUM. it may play a role in the innate immunity (IMMUNITY, INNATE) response of the LUNG. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the carboxy group of gallic acid by a sodium ion. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, an apoptosis inducer, an astringent, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a human xenobiotic metabolite and an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor. It contains a gallate. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid consisting of propionic acid having a 4-hydroxyphenyl group at the 3-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phloretate. 
Ceftazidime anhydrous is a Cephalosporin Antibacterial. The chemical classification of ceftazidime anhydrous is Cephalosporins. Ceftazidime Anhydrous is an anhydrous form of ceftazidime, a third-generation, beta-lactam, cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid in which a benzoic acid nucleus is substituted at positions 2 and 5 by a formyl group and an hydroxy group respectively. It is a member of benzaldehydes, a monohydroxybenzoic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it, also known as iso-amyl 2-methyl butyrate or fema 3505, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-methylbutyl 2-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, apple, and blueberry tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, pomes, fruits, and alcoholic beverages. This makes 3-methylbutyl 2-methylbutanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an isothiocyanate that is 1-isothiocyanatopropane in which a hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a methylsulfinyl group. A glucosinolate hydrolysis product found in many members of the Brassicaceae family, it is a quorum-sensing inhibitor (QSI) of the bacterial pathogen Pseudomonas aeruginosa. It has a role as a quorum sensing inhibitor, a plant metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is a sulfoxide and an isothiocyanate. 
it is a DiHOME obtained by formal dihydroxylation of the 12,13-double bond of octadeca-9,12-dienoic acid (the 9Z-geoisomer). It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
2',4',5',7'-tetrabromofluorescein is a xanthene dye that is fluorescein bearing bromine substituents at positions 2', 4', 5' and 7'. It is a xanthene dye, an organobromine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2',4',5',7'-tetrabromofluorescein(2-). 
P(1),P(6)-bis(5'-adenosyl)hexaphosphate is a diadenosyl hexaphosphate in which the two adenosin-5'-yl groups are attached at the P(1) and P(6) positions. It has a role as a vasoconstrictor agent. It is a conjugate acid of a P(1),P(6)-bis(5'-adenosyl)hexaphosphate(6-). 
it is a sulfonamide incorporating a guanidine moiety used to block the synthesis of folic acid; mostly used in veterinary medicine It has a role as an antiinfective agent. it is a guanidine derivative of sulfanilamide used in veterinary medicine. it is poorly absorbed from the gut but is well suited for the treatment of bacillary dysentery and other enteric infections. 
2-(4-chlorophenyl)-N-{2-[3-methoxy-4-(prop-2-yn-1-yloxy)phenyl]ethyl}-2-(prop-2-yn-1-yloxy)acetamide is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the condensation of the carboxy group of p-chloromandelic acid propargyl ether with the amino group of 2-[3-methoxy-4-(prop-2-yn-1-yloxy)phenyl]ethylamine. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a terminal acetylenic compound, an aromatic ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
1,2-dichloroethylene, (cis isomers) appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ether-like odor. Flash point 36-39Â°F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used in the making of perfumes. 
it is an investigational drug from the company Hoffmannâ€“La Roche and is currently in a phase III clinical trial called ALECARDIO. It is being investigated for use in patients with type II diabetes to reduce their risks of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. it is an agonist at the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) for both the PPARÎ± and PPARÎ³ receptor subtypes. In the phase II clinical trial called SYNCHRONY, with type II diabetic patients, it was able to control both lipid and glucose levels in a synergistic manner while also having limited side effects and toxicity. it is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonist, with hypoglycemic activity. it binds to both PPARalpha and PPARgamma and decreases plasma levels of glucose, LDL-C, triglycerides (TG) and increases HDL levels. This agent may be used for the treatment of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. 
Thiosulfate(2-) is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from thiosulfuric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a sulfur oxoanion, a sulfur oxide and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a thiosulfate(1-). 
it is a pale yellow oil. Used as an insecticide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an acaricide, an agrochemical and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It derives from a 2-(ethylsulfanyl)ethanethiol. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide that is the mono-(2,3-dichloroanilide) of tetrachlorophthalic acid. It is used for the treatment of bacterial leaf blight in paddy rice. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an agrochemical. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a tetrachlorobenzene, a dichlorobenzene and a benzanilide fungicide. 
it is a orange-red leaflet or needles wetted with water. It will emit toxic oxides of nitrogen when heated to decomposition. It is slightly heavier than water and insoluble in water. It may be irritating to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. It may be toxic by ingestion. It may be explosive and sensitive to friction in the dry state. It is used as a reagent for ketones and aliphatic aldehydes. it is a member of the class of phenylhydrazines that is phenylhydrazine substituted at the 4-position by a nitro group. It has a role as a mutagen. It is a member of phenylhydrazines and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a phenylhydrazine. 
it appears as odorless white or off-white crystalline powder. Tasteless at first, but slightly bitter aftertaste. pH (aqueous solution) 8.2. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of pyrazolidines that is 1,2-diphenylpyrazolidine-3,5-dione carrying a butyl group at the 4-position. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antirheumatic drug, a peripheral nervous system drug, a metabolite and an EC 1.1.1.184 [carbonyl reductase (NADPH)] inhibitor. 
it is a methyltransferase inhibitor used to treat metastatic or locally advanced epithelioid sarcoma not eligible for complete resection. it was first named in literature as it.  Tazemetaostat was granted FDA approval on 23 January 2020. it is an orally available, small molecule selective and S-adenosyl methionine (SAM) competitive inhibitor of histone methyl transferase EZH2, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it selectively inhibits the activity of both wild-type and mutated forms of EZH2. Inhibition of EZH2 specifically prevents the methylation of histone H3 lysine 27 (H3K27). This decrease in histone methylation alters gene expression patterns associated with cancer pathways and results in decreased tumor cell proliferation in EZH2 mutated cancer cells. EZH2, which belongs to the class of histone methyltransferases (HMTs), is overexpressed or mutated in a variety of cancer cells and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation. 
4-(3, 4-Methylenedioxyphenyl)-2-butanone, also known as 3, 4-methylenedioxybenzyl acetone or 4-(1, 3-benzodioxol-5-yl)-2-butanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzodioxoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to either isomers of dioxole. Dioxole is a five-membered unsaturated ring of two oxygen atoms and three carbon atoms. 4-(3, 4-Methylenedioxyphenyl)-2-butanone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 4-(3, 4-methylenedioxyphenyl)-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-(3, 4-Methylenedioxyphenyl)-2-butanone has a sweet, candy, and cotton taste. 
it is a glycol that is 2-methylpropane in which the two hydroxy groups are located at positions 1 and 2.. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a rat metabolite, a human urinary metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a primary alcohol, a glycol and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. 
2-{2-chloro-4-(methylsulfonyl)-3-[(tetrahydrofuran-2-ylmethoxy)methyl]benzoyl}cyclohexane-1,3-dione is a beta-triketone that is 2-benzoylcyclohexane-1,3-dione in which the benzoyl group is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 4 by chlorine, (tetrahydrofuran-2-ylmethoxy)methyl, and methylsulfonyl groups, respectively. It is a sulfone, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an ether, an aromatic ketone, a member of cyclohexanones, a member of oxolanes and a beta-triketone. 
it, also known as K-vitrat, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthols and derivatives. These are naphthalene derivatives carrying one or more hydroxyl (-OH) groups at any ring position. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, acetyl vitamin K5 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an oligonucleotide composed of three deoxythymidylic acid residues connected by 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. It contains a thymidine 5'-monophosphate residue. 
it is a polyprenol diphosphate compound having nine prenyl units with undefined stereochemistry about the double bonds. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a geranium-like odor. Flash point 97Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals, as a corrosion inhibitor and a soil fumigant. it is a terminal acetylenic compound that is prop-2-yne substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a terminal acetylenic compound, a volatile organic compound and a propynol. 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil which is substituted by a 2-hydroxyethoxymethyl group at position 1 and a benzyl group at position 5. It is a primary alcohol, a hydroxyether and a pyrimidone. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a mild sclerosing agent.  It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate. Ethanolamine Oleate is a synthetic preparation of oleic acid and ethanolamine, a first generation monoethanolamine with sclerotherapeutic activity. it causes an acute, dose-related inflammatory reaction of the intimal endothelium of the vein. This leads to scarring at the inner wall of the veins and possible occlusion of the veins. The oleic acid component may also transiently activate coagulation and fibrinolytic systems through the release of tissue factor and activation of Hageman factor. 
it is an O-acyl-L-carnitine in which the acyl group is specified as stearoyl (octadecanoyl). It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
Coloring matter from the insect Coccus cacti L. It is used in foods, pharmaceuticals, toiletries, etc., as a dye, and also has use as a microscopic stain and biological marker. 
it is a thienopyridine that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydrothieno[3,2-c]pyridine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by an o-chlorobenzyl group. It has a role as a fibrin modulating drug, a hematologic agent, an anticoagulant, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist. It is a thienopyridine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a thienopyridine derivative with anticoagulant activity. it inhibits adenosine-diphosphate (ADP) binding to its platelet receptor. This prevents ADP activation and inhibits platelet expression of the glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIA receptors, binding of fibrinogen to platelet glycoprotein GP IIb-IIIa and platelet-platelet interaction. This results in increased bleeding time. 
it is a disaccharide consisting beta-D-glucosyl and D-gluconic acid residues joined by a (1->4)-linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a disaccharide and a carbohydrate acid. It derives from a cellobiose. It is a conjugate acid of a cellobionate. 
it is a chloroethylnitrosourea derivative that inhibits proliferation and growth of tumor cells by alkylation and cross-linkage of DNA strands of tumor cells. (NCI) 
it is a proline derivative that is 4-(phenylsulfanyl)-L-proline in which the amine proton is replaced by a (2S)-3-(benzoylsulfanyl)-2-methylpropanoyl group. A prodrug for itat. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, an apoptosis inhibitor, a cardioprotective agent, an anticonvulsant, a prodrug and a vasodilator agent. It is a thioester, a N-acyl-L-amino acid, an aryl sulfide and a L-proline derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is hydrolyzed in vivo into its active form itat. itat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. itat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
(-)-it is a gallate ester obtained by the formal condensation of gallic acid with the (3R)-hydroxy group of (-)-epigallocatechin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, a Hsp90 inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a gallate ester, a polyphenol and a member of flavans. It derives from a (-)-epigallocatechin. it is a phenolic antioxidant found in a number of plants such as green and black tea. It inhibits cellular oxidation and prevents free radical damage to cells. It is under study as a potential cancer chemopreventive agent. (NCI) 
A fluorescent compound that emits light only in specific configurations in certain lipid media. It is used as a tool in the study of membrane lipids. 
it is an acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of phenylacetic acid. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a phenylacetic acid and an acetyl-CoA. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Eczema, Pruritus, Gastroparesis, Chronic Pruritus, and Atopic Dermatitis, among others. it is an orally bioavailable, centrally-acting, selective, neurokinin 1 receptor (NK1-receptor; NK1R; NK-1R) antagonist with potential anti-emetic, anti-pruritic and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon oral administration, it competitively binds to and blocks the activity of the NK1R in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby inhibiting the binding of the endogenous ligand and neuropeptide, substance P (SP; neurokinin-1; NK1). This inhibits SP/NK1-mediated signal transduction and may prevent both SP-induced emesis and pruritis. In addition, inhibition of SP/NK1R signaling also reduces neurogenic inflammation which is triggered by the release of neuropeptides, such as substance P, from nerve cells. NK1R is a G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) that preferentially binds to SP, a neuropeptide secreted by neuronal cells and inflammatory cells. 
it is a platinum coordination entity consisting of platinum(II) bound to two chlorine atoms. It has a role as a reagent and a catalyst. 
it is a derivative of L-gulonic acid having a keto group at the 3-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a ketoaldonic acid and a hexonic acid. It derives from a L-gulonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
2-Hexyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2-Hexyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-hexyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-hexyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 2-hexyl-4, 5-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a macrolide that is the 7-oxo derivative of zeaenol (the 5Z stereoisomer). Isolated from Fungi, it exhibits cytotoxic, antibacterial and inhibitory activity against NF-kappaB. It has a role as a metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a NF-kappaB inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a macrolide, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
, also known as isoheptacosane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in alcoholic beverages and citrus. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an arsenic compound with activity against Spirochaetes bacteria. it is used in the treatment of syphilis and African sleeping sickness. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of propoxycaine, a para-aminobenzoic acid ester with local anesthetic activity. Propoxycaine binds to and inhibits voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the ionic flux required for the initiation and conduction of impulses. This results in a loss of sensation. 
it is a tricyclic diterpenoid that is ent-sandaracopimaradiene bearing two additional hydroxy substituents at the 3alpha- and 9beta-positions. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
7alpha -hydroxytestosterone is an androstanoid that is testosterone substituted by a alpha-hydroxy group at position 7. A natural product found in Daphnia magna exposed to the biocide tributyltin It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an androgen. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and an androstanoid. It derives from a testosterone. 
it is a ribose monophosphate and a N-glycosyl compound. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(5-phosphonato-beta-D-ribosyl)anthranilate. 
it is a 2'-deoxyadenosine phosphate having a monophosphate group located at the 3'-position. It is a 2'-deoxyadenosine phosphate and a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate. 
it is a diamino acid consisting of pentanoic acid having the amino substituents placed in the 2- and 4-positions. It is a diamino acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a 2,4-diazaniumylpentanoate. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,4-diaminopentanoate. 
it is a diterpene derived from labdane by dehydrogenation across the C(8)-C(17), C(12)-C(13) and C(14)-C(15) bonds. It derives from a hydride of a labdane. 
it is a novel cancer therapeutic specifically activated under the low oxygen or \ it is a hypoxia-activated prodrug of the cytotoxin bromo-isophosphoramide mustard (Br-IPM) conjugated with 2-nitroimidazole, with potential antineoplastic activity. When exposed to hypoxic conditions, such as those found in hypoxic tumors, the 2-nitroimidazole moiety of it is reduced. This releases the DNA-alkylating Br-IPM moiety, which introduces intra- and inter-strand DNA crosslinks in nearby cells; the crosslinks inhibit both DNA replication and cell division, and may lead to apoptosis of cells in the tumor. The inactive form of the prodrug is stable under normoxic conditions, which may limit systemic toxicity. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloalkenes. These are unsaturated monocyclic hydrocarbons having one endocyclic double bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as asiaticoside a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, madecassoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, madecassoside can be found in green vegetables. This makes madecassoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as eritadenine or D-erythro-form, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 6-aminopurines. These are purines that carry an amino group at position 6. Purine is a bicyclic aromatic compound made up of a pyrimidine ring fused to an imidazole ring. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzodioxoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to either isomers of dioxole. Dioxole is a five-membered unsaturated ring of two oxygen atoms and three carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the disodium salt form of ticarcillin, a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. Similar to carbenicillin in action, ticarcillin inactivates the penicillin-sensitive transpeptidase C-terminal domain by opening the lactam ring. This inactivation prevents the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan strands, thereby inhibiting the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to incomplete bacterial cell wall synthesis and eventually causes cell lysis. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is (+)-catechin substituted by a beta-D-xylopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It is a beta-D-xyloside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a (+)-catechin. 
4-Ethyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 4-Ethyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Ethyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 4-Ethyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole is a burnt and roasted tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products and potato. This makes 4-ethyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as S-2-cpct, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as amino acids. These are organic compounds that contain at least one carboxyl group and one amino group. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty acid lipid molecule. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the class of its that consists of glycerone bearing a single phospho substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of its. It derives from a dihydroxyacetone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthene substituted by hydroxy group at positions 1, 3 and 6, a methoxy group at position 7, an oxo group at position 9 and prenyl groups at positions 2 and 8. Isolated from the stems of Cratoxylum cochinchinense, it exhibits antioxidant, antimicrobial and antitumour activities. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent, an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 
it is an organofluorine compound that is beta-L-fucose in which the hydroxy group at position 2 is replaced by fluorine. It derives from a beta-L-fucose. 
it is an arsenite ion resulting from the removal of all three protons from the hydroxy groups of arsenous acid. It is an arsenite ion and a trivalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of an arsenite(2-). 
Thallium, also known as [TLCL] or thallous chloride, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as post-transition metal chlorides. These are inorganic compounds in which the largest halogen atom is Chlorine, and the heaviest metal atom is a post-transition metal. Thallium is a drug which is used for use as a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical. it is indicated to help diagnose heart disease (eg, coronary artery disease, heart attack). it is also used for the diagnosis of parathyroid problems. . Thallium has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva, urine, and blood. 
it appears as colorless odorless crystals. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. it is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and an organosulfur heterocyclic compound. 
it is a microcystin consisting of D-alanyl, L-leucyl, (3S)-3-methyl-D-beta-aspartyl,L-arginyl, 2S,3S,4E,6E,8S,9S)-3-amino-4,5,6,7-tetradehydro-9-methoxy-2,6,8-trimethyl-10-phenyldecanoyl, D-gamma-glutamyl, and 2,3-didehydro-N-methylalanyl residues joined into a 25-membered macrocycle. Produced by the cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa, it is the most studied of the microcystins. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 
it is an arenesulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of toluene-4-sulfonic acid. It is a conjugate base of a toluene-4-sulfonic acid. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol in which the two phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as octanoyl. It is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol and an octanoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the mesylate salt of rivoceranib, an orally bioavailable, small-molecule receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. Rivoceranib selectively binds to and inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2, which may inhibit VEGF-stimulated endothelial cell migration and proliferation and decrease tumor microvessel density. In addition, this agent mildly inhibits c-Kit and c-SRC tyrosine kinases. 
it appears as a white crystals or powder when pure. Insoluble in water. Very toxic by inhalation and ingestion. Used as an insecticide. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is 3-phenylpropionic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 4. Also known as it, it is a metabolite of caffeic acid and exhibits antioxidant activity. It has a role as an antioxidant and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of catechols and a (dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid. It derives from a 3-phenylpropionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)propanoate. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of triflusulfuron with methanol. A proherbicide for triflusulfuron. It has a role as a proherbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is a benzoate ester, a methyl ester, a N-sulfonylurea, a member of 1,3,5-triazines, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a triflusulfuron. 
Cobalt chloride is a pink to red solid with a slight sharp odor. Sinks and mixes with water. Pale blue leaflets, turns pink upon exposure to moist air. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is an immunomodulator used for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn's disease and psoriasis. It has a role as an immunomodulator and an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of morpholines, a member of pyrazoles, a member of naphthalenes, a member of ureas and an aromatic ether. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid consisting of tridecanoic acid having methyl substituents at positions 4, 8 and 12. It is a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. 
it is a sesquiterpene consisting of a bicyclo[3.1.1]hept-2-ene skeleton substituted at positions 2 and 6 by methyl groups and at position 6 by a 4-methylpent-3-en-1-yl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is a bridged compound, a sesquiterpene and a polycyclic olefin. 
The penultimate step in the pathway of histidine biosynthesis. Oxidation of the alcohol group on the side chain gives the acid group forming histidine. it has also been used as an inhibitor of protein synthesis. 
it is a 4-{2-[4-(3,10-dibromo-8-chloro-6,11-dihydro-5H-benzo[5,6]cyclohepta[1,2-b]pyridin-11-yl)piperidin-1-yl]-2-oxoethyl}piperidine-1-carboxamide that has R configuration. It is used as oral farnesyltransferase inhibitor. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor. it is a synthetic tricyclic derivative of carboxamide with antineoplastic properties. Lonarfanib binds to and inhibits farnesyl transferase, an enzyme involved in the post-translational modification and activation of Ras proteins. Ras proteins participate in numerous signalling pathways (proliferation, cytoskeletal organization), and play an important role in oncogenesis. Mutated ras proteins have been found in a wide range of human cancers. (NCI04) 
it is a dichlorohydroquinone that is hydroquinone substituted by chloro groups at positions 2 and 5 respectively. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 
it appears as a yellow crystalline solid. Density 1.866 g / cm3. Soluble in water. Toxic by inhalation (of dust). A strong irritant. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used in dyeing, photography, chemical analysis, and as a corrosion inhibitor. 
Ethchlorvynol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ynones. These are organic compounds containing the ynone functional group, an alpha, beta unsaturated ketone group with the general structure RC#C-C(=O)R' (R' not H). Ethchlorvynol is a drug which is used for short-term hypnotic therapy in the management of insomnia for periods of up to one week in duration; however, this medication generally has been replaced by other sedative-hypnotic agents. Ethchlorvynol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Ethchlorvynol has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, ethchlorvynol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Ethchlorvynol is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a dimeric benzoate ester obtained by intermolecular condensation between the carboxy of one molecule of salicylic acid with the phenol group of a second. It is a prodrug for salycylic acid that is used for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis and also shows activity against type II diabetes. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antirheumatic drug, a hypoglycemic agent, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a benzoate ester, a member of benzoic acids, a member of phenols and a member of salicylates. It derives from a salicylic acid. it is an orally available salicylate and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activities. As a prodrug, it is hydrolyzed to salicylic acid which inhibits the expression of cyclooxygenase (COX) enzymes. This prevents the conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandin precursors and leads to decreased formation of prostaglandins that are involved in pain, fever and inflammation. In addition, it appears to inhibit nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB), thereby preventing activation of the NF-kB-mediated pathway and the expression of genes involved in inflammation. 
it is a glycophytoceramide having a 4-O-[4-(trifluromethyl)benzyl]-alpha-D-galactosyl residue at the O-1 position and a hexacosanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. One of a series of an extensive set of 4\ 
Ditetradecanoyl phosphatidylglycerol is a phosphatidylglycerol in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups are both tetradecanoyl (myristoyl). It is a conjugate acid of a ditetradecanoyl phosphatidylglycerol(1-). 
it is a pyrazolidine that is phenylbutazone lacking one of the phenyl substituents. It is used for treatment of joint and muscular pain. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. 
2-chloro-2'-hydroxytriethylamine is a tertiary amino compound that is ethanolamine in which the two amino hydrogens have been replaced by ethyl and 2-chloroethyl groups. It is a tertiary amino compound, a primary alcohol and an organochlorine compound. It derives from an ethanolamine. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder. Slightly bitter taste. pH (1% aqueous solution) 5.4 to 6. (NTP, 1992) it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a plant metabolite, an algal metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite and an EC 3.1.3.1 (alkaline phosphatase) inhibitor. It is an erythrose 4-phosphate/phosphoenolpyruvate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-phenylalaninium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-phenylalaninate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is an essential aromatic amino acid in humans (provided by food), it plays a key role in the biosynthesis of other amino acids and is important in the structure and function of many proteins and enzymes. it is converted to tyrosine, used in the biosynthesis of dopamine and norepinephrine neurotransmitters. The L-form of it is incorporated into proteins, while the D-form acts as a painkiller. Absorption of ultraviolet radiation by it is used to quantify protein amounts. (NCI04) 
it is a high-mannose oligosaccharide that is Glc(a1-3)Glc(a1-3)Man(a1-2)Man(a1-2)Man(a1-3)[Man(a1-2)Man(a1-3)[Man(a1-2)Man(a1-6)]Man(a1-6)]Man(b1-4)GlcNAc(b1-4)GlcNAc in which the initial (alpha-1->3)-D-glucosyl residue has been glycosylated at position 2 by an alpha-D-glucopyranosyl group. It is a high-mannose oligosaccharide and a polysaccharide derivative. It derives from a Glc(a1-3)Glc(a1-3)Man(a1-2)Man(a1-2)Man(a1-3)[Man(a1-2)Man(a1-3)[Man(a1-2)Man(a1-6)]Man(a1-6)]Man(b1-4)GlcNAc(b1-4)GlcNAc. 
it is a hydroxy-L-valine which carries a hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a hydroxy-L-valine. 
it is a phenethylamine alkaloid that is 4-(2-aminoethyl)phenol substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and a methyl group at the amino nitrogen. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an alpha-adrenergic agonist. It is a phenethylamine alkaloid, a member of phenols and a member of ethanolamines. It is a conjugate base of a synephrinium. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is 3,5-xylenol which is substituted at position 4 by chlorine. It is bactericidal against most Gram-positive bacteria but less effective against Staphylococci and Gram-negative bacteria, and often inactive against Pseudomonas species. It is ineffective against bacterial spores. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a disinfectant and a molluscicide. It is a member of phenols and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 3,5-xylenol. 
Tribuloside is a glycosyloxyflavone that is kaempferol attached to a 6-O-[(2E)-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoyl]-beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a glycosyloxyflavone, a cinnamate ester, a trihydroxyflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a kaempferol and a trans-4-coumaric acid. 
it, sold by the Bayer Corporation under the trade name Marquis, is a drug currently approved for the treatment of equine protozoal myeloencephalitis in horses, caused by Sarcocystis neurona. 
it is a thromboxane which is produced by activated platelets and has prothrombotic properties: it stimulates activation of new platelets as well as increases platelet aggregation. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an epoxy monocarboxylic acid and a thromboxanes A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices, peppermint, and sunflower. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the orally bioavailable, acetate salt form of guanabenz, a centrally-acting alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist, with anti-hypertensive and potential antineoplastic, cytoprotective and bone resorption inhibitory activities. Upon oral administration, guanabenz suppresses endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress by inhibiting the stress-induced dephosphorylation of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 2 alpha (eIF2a), thereby enhancing the phosphorylation level of eIF2a. This causes elF2a-mediated downregulation of the Rac1 pathway, upregulates the expression of activating transcription factor 4 (ATF4), which plays a key role in osteoblastogenesis, and downregulates the expression of nuclear factor of activated T-cells, cytoplasmic 1 (NFATc1), which is a transcription factor that plays a key role in osteoclastogenesis. This enhances osteoblastogenesis and suppresses osteoclastogenesis. Altogether, this promotes new bone formation and prevents bone degradation. In addition, guanabenz blocks the proliferation, survival, motility and invasiveness of tumor cells through the eIF2a-mediated downregulation of Rac1 signaling. Rac1, a Ras-related small GTPase belonging to the Rho family, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation, survival and motility. 
3,3&#39;-dimethylbenzidine dihydrofluoride appears as a solid. This is an acidic ammonium salt. This salt is a potential source of fluoride ions, which are corrosive. 
it appears as a clear colorless volatile liquid with an ethereal odor. Flash point -35Â°F. Boiling point 95Â°F. Density 6.9 lb./gal. Flammable over a wide range of vapor-air concentrations. If contaminated, may polymerize with evolution of heat and possible rupture of container. Vapors irritate eyes, skin, and respiratory system. Prolonged contact with skin may result in delayed burns. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a fumigant, in making detergents and lubricants, and to make other chemicals. it is an epoxide that is oxirane substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It derives from an oxirane. it is a synthetic, highly-flammable, volatile, colorless liquid that is soluble in water and miscible with many organic solvents. it is used primarily as a chemical intermediate in the production of polyethers and propylene glycol. It is also used as a pesticide and a fumigant for the sterilization of packaged foods and plastic medical instruments. Acute inhalation exposure to vapors of this compound can result in respiratory tract irritation, coughing, difficulty in breathing (dyspnea) and buildup of fluid in the lungs (pulmonary edema) that can possibly lead to pneumonia. Inhale high concentrations of the vapors for short time periods may cause headache, motor weakness, incoordination, ataxia and coma. Contact with it can irritate the eyes and skin. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a UDP-amino sugar having 2,4-diacetamido-2,4,6-trideoxy-alpha-D-glucopyranose as the amino sugar component. It derives from a bacillosamine. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Neoplasm, Renal Neoplasm, Breast Neoplasm, Ovarian Neoplasm, and Pancreatic Neoplasm. 
Ximelagatran, also known as exanta or H 376/95, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Ximelagatran is a drug which is used for the treatment of acute deep vein thrombosis. Ximelagatran is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Ximelagatran has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, ximelagatran is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). In humans, ximelagatran is involved in the ximelagatran action pathway. 
it is a member of the class of xanthenes that is 3-imino-3H-xanthen-6-amine in which both nitrogens are carrying methyl substituents. The hydrochloride is the biological dye 'acridine red 3B'. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a xanthene dye, an imine, an aromatic amine and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of an acridine red 3B(1+). 
it appears as a yellow crystalline solid or a grayish-white powder. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used for water purification, and as a soil conditioner. Iron(3+) sulfate is a compound of iron and sulfate in which the ratio of iron(3+) to sulfate ions is 3:2. It has a role as a catalyst, a mordant and an astringent. It is a metal sulfate and an iron molecular entity. It contains an iron(3+). 
it is a member of tyramines. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N-methyltyraminium. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid that is the 3-hydroxylated derivative of lauric acid; associated with fatty acid metabolic disorders. It is a medium-chain fatty acid and a 3-hydroxy fatty acid. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxylaurate. 
it is a member of the class of anthraquinones that is 9,10-anthraquinone substituted at positions 2 and 6 by sulfo groups. It is an anthraquinone and an arenesulfonic acid. It derives from a 9,10-anthraquinone. It is a conjugate acid of an anthraquinone-2,6-disulfonate. 
it is a member of the class of oxazolidines that is 1,3-oxazolidin-2-one in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by an N-{[(5-nitro-2-furyl)methylene]amino} group. It has antibacterial and antiprotozoal properties, and is used in the treatment of giardiasis and cholera. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor, an antitrichomonal drug, an antiinfective agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a member of oxazolidines and a nitrofuran antibiotic. it is a nitrofuran antimicrobial agent used in the treatment of diarrhea or enteritis caused by bacteria or protozoan infections. it is also active in treating typhoid fever, cholera and salmonella infections. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide derived from biotin. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of biotins. It derives from a biotin. 
(1R*, 2S*, 3S*, 6S*)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other (1R*, 2S*, 3S*, 6S*)-it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1R*, 2S*, 3S*, 6S*)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1R*, 2S*, 3S*, 6S*)-it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (1R*, 2S*, 3S*, 6S*)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Hydrocortisone Hemisuccinate is the synthetic hemisuccinate salt form of hydrocortisone, a corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties. Hydrocortisone acetate initially binds to the cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptor; then the receptor-ligand complex is translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of genes encoding for anti-inflammatory mediators, such as cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. 
it is a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid that is deoxycholic acid with a double bond at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a bile acid and a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid. It derives from a deoxycholic acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Relapsed, Refractory Melanoma and Metastatic or Incurable Non-small Cell Lung Cancer. it is a member of the synthetic oleanane triterpenoid class of compounds and an activator of nuclear factor erythroid 2 [NF-E2]-related factor 2 (Nrf2, Nfe2l2), with potential chemopreventive activity. Upon administration, it activates the cytoprotective transcription factor Nrf2. In turn, Nrf2 translocates to the nucleus, dimerizes with a small Maf protein (sMaf), and binds to the antioxidant response element (ARE). This induces the expression of a number of cytoprotective genes, including NAD(P)H quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), sulfiredoxin 1 (Srxn1), heme oxygenase-1 (HO1, HMOX1), superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1), gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase (gamma-GCS), thioredoxin reductase-1 (TXNRD1), glutathione S-transferase (GST), glutamate-cysteine ligase catalytic subunit (Gclc) and glutamate-cysteine ligase regulatory subunit (Gclm), and increases the synthesis of the antioxidant glutathione (GSH). Nrf2, a leucine zipper transcription factor, plays a key role in the maintenance of redox balance and cytoprotection against oxidative stress. 
it is an Insulin Analog. The chemical classification of it is Insulin. Insulin Detemir is a long-lasting, recombinant version of human insulin. It is an insulin analogue with myristic acid bound to the lysine at position B29 and a deletion of B30. 
Tricaine is a benzoate ester that is the ethyl ester of 3-aminobenzoic acid. Used (in the form of its methanesulfonate salt) as an anaesthetic for fish. It has a role as a general anaesthetic. It is a benzoate ester and a substituted aniline. It derives from a 3-aminobenzoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a tricaine(1+). 
it is a limonoid isolated from Azadirachta indica. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a cyclic terpene ketone, an enone, a member of furans, a limonoid and a methyl ester. 
it is a racemate composed of equimolar amounts of dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride hydrate and levobupivacaine hydrochloride hydrate. A piperidinecarboxamide-based local anaesthetic, it has a slow onset and long duration of action. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, an adrenergic antagonist, an amphiphile, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an EC 3.6.3.8 (Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It contains a bupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous), a levobupivacaine hydrochloride hydrate and a dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride hydrate. 
it is a derivative of butyric acid having methyl, hydroxy and oxo substituents at the 2-, 2- and 3-positions respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-acetyllactate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of arbutamine, a synthetic catecholamine with positive chronotropic and inotropic properties, used in echocardiography and diagnostic coronary angiography. Arbutamine binds to and activates beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the myocardium, thereby increasing heart rate and increasing force of myocardial contraction. By exerting a chronotropic and inotropic effect, arbutamine mimics the cardiac stress caused by exercise that may prevent adequate tissue perfusion and oxygenation, and may provoke myocardial ischemia in patients with coronary artery disease. 
it is a guanidine derivative consisting of butane having guanidino groups at the 1- and 4-positions. It is a conjugate base of a 1,4-diguanidiniumylbutane. It derives from a hydride of a butane. 
it is a colorless to yellow solid. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a dinitrobenzene carrying nitro groups at positions 1 and 4. 
it is an it and a polycyclic heteroarene. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a tautomer of a 3H-it. 
it appears as orange-red powder. Thin red needles decomposing at 188-190Â°C. An anti-cancer drug. it is the hydrochloride salt of an anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic with therapeutic effects similar to those of doxorubicin. Daunorubicin exhibits cytotoxic activity through topoisomerase-mediated interaction with DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. 
Scopolamine as a natural plant alkaloid that has potent anticholinergic effects and is used to treat mild to moderate nausea, motion sickness and allergic rhinitis. Scopolamine has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Scopolamine is a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
Basic Fuchsin is a green, crystalline, solid dye that is one of the major components of magenta. Basic fuchsin is primarily used for bacterial identification, but is also used as a dye in textiles, leather, and printing inks. Exposure to basic fuchsin is irritating to the eyes and skin. The substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
A 21-carbon steroid that is converted from PREGNENOLONE by STEROID 17-ALPHA-HYDROXYLASE. It is an intermediate in the delta-5 pathway of biosynthesis of GONADAL STEROID HORMONES and the adrenal CORTICOSTEROIDS. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is undecanoic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 10. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It derives from an undecanoic acid. 
it is a phenothiazine derivative having a trifluoromethyl subsitituent at the 2-position and a 3-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)diazepin-1-yl]propyl group at the N-10 position. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug and an anxiolytic drug. It is a member of phenothiazines, an organofluorine compound and a diazepine. 
it is an odorless white solid. Denser than water. (USCG, 1999) it is the fluoride salt of beryllium (+2 oxidation state). In the solid state it exists as a glass, with four-coordinate Be(2+) tetrahedral centres and two-coordinate fluoride centres. As a gas it adopts a linear triatomic structure and in the liquid state a fluctuating tetrahedral structure. In protein crystallography it is used as a mimic of phosphate. It is a beryllium molecular entity and a fluoride salt. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Density 5.9 lb / gal. Flash point -15Â°F. A respiratory irritant. Corrosive to the eyes and skin. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. it is a secondary aliphatic amine where both N-substituents are ethyl. It is a conjugate base of a diethylammonium. 
N-(2, 5-Dihydroxyphenyl)pyridinium(1+) belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroquinones. Hydroquinones are compounds containing a hydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring with a hydroxyl groups at positions 1 and 4. N-(2, 5-Dihydroxyphenyl)pyridinium(1+) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, N-(2, 5-dihydroxyphenyl)pyridinium(1+) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N-(2, 5-dihydroxyphenyl)pyridinium(1+) can be found in fruits. This makes N-(2, 5-dihydroxyphenyl)pyridinium(1+) a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(S)-2-methyl-1-(4-methylisoquinoline-5-sulfonyl)-1,4-diazepane dihydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of (S)-2-methyl-1-(4-methylisoquinoline-5-sulfonyl)-1,4-diazepane with 2 mol eq. of hydrogen chloride. An ATP-competitive inhibitor of Rho kinase (ROCK). It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. It contains a (S)-2-methyl-1-(4-methylisoquinoline-5-sulfonyl)-1,4-diazepane(2+). 
it is a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic which has been associated with development of biliary sludge and biliary colic when given parenterally and in high doses. it is also associated with rare instances of immunoallergic, usually cholestatic hepatitis similar to the injury associated with other cephalosporins. it is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, it is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. it also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
it is a citrate salt of tandospirone , comprising equimolar amounts of citric acid and tandospirone. It is an anxiolytic drug used in the treatment of anxiety disorders. It has a role as an anxiolytic drug and an antidepressant. It contains a tandospirone(1+). 
it is an octanoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of octanoic acid (caprylic acid) with the hydroxy group of propan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a first-generation cephalosporin compound having [(5-methyl-1,3,4-thiadiazol-2-yl)sulfanyl]methyl and (1H-tetrazol-1-ylacetyl)amino side-groups at positions 3 and 7 respectively. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin, a member of thiadiazoles, a member of tetrazoles and a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a beta-lactam antibiotic and first-generation cephalosporin with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a member of the class of thiocyanates that is 3,4-dihydroxyacetophenone in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by the sulfur of a cyanosulfanediyl (-SC#N) group. It has been found to induce the expression of the endoplasmic reticulum chaperone protein GRP78 (78 kDa glucose-regulated protein, BiP, a highly conserved member of the 70 kDa heat shock protein family) leading to an attenuation of the unfolded protein response. It protects neuronal cells and retinal cells from endoplasmic reticulum (ER)-stress induced cell death. It is a member of thiocyanates, an aromatic ketone and a member of catechols. 
Watery liquid; colorless; mild pleasant odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is an unbranched fourteen-carbon alkene with one double bond between C-1 and C-2. 
it is the hydrobromide salt form of galantamine, a tertiary alkaloid obtained synthetically or naturally from the bulbs and flowers of Narcissus and several other genera of the Amaryllidaceae family with anticholinesterase and neurocognitive-enhancing activities. Galantamine competitively and reversibly inhibits acetylcholinesterase, thereby increasing the concentration and enhancing the action of acetylcholine (Ach). In addition, galantamine is a ligand for nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, which may increase the presynaptic release of Ach and activate postsynaptic receptors. This agent may improve neurocognitive function in mild and moderate Alzheimer' s disease and may reduce abstinence-induced cognitive symptoms that promote smoking relapse. 
it is a benzochromenone that is 6H-dibenzo[b,d]pyran substituted by an oxo group at position 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a synthetic chemical compound that is loosely based on a compound found in curcumin. It is a novel anti-androgen that enhances androgen receptor degradation. 
it, also known as fema 3401, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a fatty, green, and lactonic tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as garden tomato, green vegetables, pomes, and potato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a colorless to straw-colored liquid with a mild odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a diester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy groups of adipic acid with 2-ethylhexan-1-ol. It is used as a plasticiser in the preparation of various polymers. It has a role as a plasticiser. It is a diester, a carboxylic ester and a member of dicarboxylic acids and O-substituted derivatives. It derives from a 2-ethylhexan-1-ol and an adipic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that consists of acrylic acid bearing a phenyl substituent at the 3-position. It is found in Cinnamomum cassia. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of styrenes and a member of its. It is a conjugate acid of a cinnamate. 
C-101, also called Myodur, is developed for the treatment of Duchenneâ€™s muscular dystrophy (DMD) which is a morbid genetic disease that can lead to death in late adolescence due to accelerated skeletal muscle breakdown. C-101 includes a carnitine carrier molecule and a leupeptin analogue, a known calpain inhibitor. Calpain is the primary protease that degrades skeletal muscle. 
it is the hydrochloride form of cytarabine, an antimetabolite analogue of cytidine with a modified sugar moiety (arabinose instead of ribose). Cytarabine is converted to the triphosphate form within the cell and then competes with cytidine for incorporation into DNA. Because the arabinose sugar sterically hinders the rotation of the molecule within DNA, DNA replication ceases, specifically during the S phase of the cell cycle. This agent also inhibits DNA polymerase, resulting in a decrease in DNA replication and repair. 
it appears as a violet crystalline solid. Noncombustible but it will accelerate the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in the fire or the combustible material is finely divided an explosion may result. Prolonged exposure of the material to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. It is used for dyeing and tanning, in chemical analysis, and in medicine. 
Cefpimizole Sodium is the sodium salt form of cefpimizole, a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefpimizole binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it, also known as 2-methoxy thiophenol or 2-mercaptoanisole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiophenols. Thiophenols are compounds containing a thiophenol ring, which a phenol derivative obtained by replacing the oxygen atom from the hydroxyl group (attached to the benzene) by a sulfur atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, meaty, and phenolic taste. 
it appears as a solution containing less than 40% by mass of the white crystalline solid in a nonvolatile solvent. Dilution moderates reactivity of the pure solvent. Irritating to the skin, eyes and mucous membranes. 
it is a fourth-generation siderophore cephalosporin antibiotic having {1-[2-(2-chloro-3,4-dihydroxybenzamido)ethyl]pyrrolidinium-1-yl}methyl and [(2Z)-2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-{[(2-carboxypropan-2-yl)oxy]imino}acetyl]amino side groups located at positions 3 and 7 respectively, developed to combat a variety of bacterial pathogens, including beta-lactam- and carbapenem-resistant organisms. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a siderophore. It is a cephalosporin and a carboxylic acid. 
it is a xylulose. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a D-xylulose. 
it is the maleate salt form of prochlorperazine, a synthetic, piperazine phenothiazine derivative with antiemetic, antipsychotic, antihistaminic, and anticholinergic activities. Prochlorperazine binds to and blocks the postsynaptic dopamine D2-receptor in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) of the brain and may prevent chemotherapy-induced emesis. it also blocks anticholinergic and alpha-adrenergic receptors. Its antagonistic actions on the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors results in sedation, muscle relaxation, and hypotension. 
it is a benzofuropyranochromene that is 3H,7H-[1]benzofuro[3,2-c]pyrano[3,2-g]chromene substituted at positions 7a and 10 by hydroxy groups and at position 3 by a gem-dimethyl group. It has a role as a phytoalexin. 
Pectin is any mixture of complex, colloidal, macromolecular plant its containing a large proportion of D-galactopyranosyluronic acid residues in alpha-(1->4) linkage, the carboxy groups of which may be esterified to varying degrees by methyl groups or be partially or completely converted into salts. The structure shown is that of the parent polyit. It has a role as an antidiarrhoeal drug, a food stabiliser, a food emulsifier, a food thickening agent, a food gelling agent, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a pectate. 
it is a member of the class of mastopyrans that is a 14-amino acid polypeptide comprising isoleucyl, asparaginyl, leucyl, lysyl, alanyl, leucyl, alanyl, alanyl, leucyl, alanyl, lysyl, lysyl, isoleucyl, and leucinamide residues coupled in sequence. It is the major active component of the venom of the vespid wasp, Vespula lewisii and causes degranulation of mast cells. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It is a member of its and a peptidyl amide. 
2-Ethyl-3, (5 or 6)-dimethylpyrazine, also known as 2E3, 6DMP, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2-Ethyl-3, (5 or 6)-dimethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-ethyl-3, (5 or 6)-dimethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Ethyl-3, (5 or 6)-dimethylpyrazine is a cocoa, nutty, and potato tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products, soft-necked garlic, and tea. This makes 2-ethyl-3, (5 or 6)-dimethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is biologically active derivative of anandamide It is a N-acylglycine and a fatty amide. It derives from an arachidonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-arachidonoylglycinate. 
it is a member of the class of furans carrying two carboxy substituents at positions 2 and 5. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of furans and a dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a furan-2,5-dicarboxylate. 
it atom is the stable isotope of xenon with relative atomic mass 128.904780, 26.4 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 1/2. It is a xenon(0) and a xenon atom. 
3-acetyldeoxynivalenol is a trichothecene mycotoxin that is deoxynivalenol acetylated on the oxygen at C-3. A skin and eye irritant, along with its 15-acetyl regioisomer and its parent deoxynivalenol it is considered among the most commonly and widely distributed cereal contaminants. It has a role as an epitope and a mycotoxin. It derives from a deoxynivalenol. 
it is a thiamine phosphate having a 1-hydroxyethyl substituent at the 2-position on the thiazolium ring and an O-diphosphate moiety. It is a thiamine phosphate and a 1,3-thiazolium cation. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it, also known as alpha, alpha-dimethoxytoluene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylethers. These are aromatic ethers with the general formula ROCR' (R = alkyl, aryl; R'=benzene) it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm it is an almond, floral, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in green vegetables and potato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2, 4-Dimethyl-5-propylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 2, 4-Dimethyl-5-propylthiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethyl-5-propylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as a clear colorless to yellowish colored liquid with a penetrating odor. Denser than water and vapors are heavier than air. May be toxic by inhalation or ingestion. Burns skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Insoluble in water. Used to make dyes and other chemicals. it is an organochlorine compound that is toluene in which all three hydrogens of the methyl group have been replaced by chlorines. It is used as an intermediate in organic synthesis and dye chemistry. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a member of benzenes, a volatile organic compound and an organochlorine compound. it is an oily, unstable, colorless, chlorinated hydrocarbon with a penetrating odor. it is used extensively as a chemical intermediate in industry for the preparation of dyes. Its derivatives are used as UV stabilizers in plastic and to manufacture antiseptics and antimicrobial agents. In the presence of moisture, its hydrolyzed vapors (benzoic acid and hydrochloric acid) are highly irritating to the skin and mucous membranes in humans. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a pyrrolopyrimidine that is 7-methyl-7H-pyrrolo[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-amine which has been substituted at position 5 by a 4-fluoro-2,3-dihydro-1H-indol-5-yl group, the nitrogen of which has been acylated by a (6-methylpyridin-2-yl)acetyl group. An orally bioavailable PERK inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor, a PERK inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyrrolopyrimidine, a biaryl, a member of indoles, a member of methylpyridines, an organofluorine compound and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is a 2,4-diaminobutyric acid that has R-configuration. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in cereals and cereal products, fats and oils, and herbs and spices. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an monoalkyl phosphate compound having an O-3-(indol-3-yl)propyl substituent. It is a monoalkyl phosphate and a member of indoles. 
it is a cephalosporin antibiotic carrying a 3-acetoxymethyl substituent and a 6-oxo-N(6)-L-lysino group at position 7. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It derives from a cephalosporanic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Ethyl (5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)-icosapentaenoate is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of (5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z,17Z)-icosapentaenoic acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug, a marine metabolite, an antipsychotic agent, an antidepressant and a prodrug. It is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester and a polyunsaturated fatty ester. It derives from an all-cis-5,8,11,14,17-icosapentaenoic acid. it is a highly purified omega-3 fatty acid that can decrease serum triglyceride levels. it reduces serum triglycerides without an increase in LDL cholesterol, but increases the cholesterol and triglyceride content in skeletal muscle. 
Dinitroaniline appears as a yellow colored needle-like solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. May irritate skin and eyes. Used to make dyes and ink. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is acetamide substituted by a phenyl group at position 2. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. 
it is a synthetic tetrapeptide consisting of morpholin-4-acetyl, L-2-amino-4-phenylbutanoyl, L-leucyl and L-phenylalanyl residues joined in sequence with the C-terminus connected to the amino group of (2S)-2-amino-4-methyl-1-[(2R)-2-methyloxiran-2-yl]-1-oxopentan-1-one via an amide linkage. Used for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a proteasome inhibitor. It is a tetrapeptide, a member of morpholines and an epoxide. it is an epoxomicin derivate with potential antineoplastic activity. it irreversibly binds to and inhibits the chymotrypsin-like activity of the 20S catalytic core subunit of the proteasome, a protease complex responsible for degrading a large variety of cellular proteins. Inhibition of proteasome-mediated proteolysis results in an accumulation of polyubiquinated proteins, which may lead to cell cycle arrest, induction of apoptosis, and inhibition of tumor growth. 
it, also known as 2-(hydroxyethyl) 4-hydroxyphenyl ketone or 2-(p-hydroxybenzoyl)ethanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-hydroxy-1-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-propanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-hydroxy-1-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-propanone can be found in fruits. This makes 3-hydroxy-1-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-1-propanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an odorless bluish-white solid. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Used as a catalysts for organic reactions. 
Carboxybupranolol, 4-chloro-3-[3-(1, 1-dimethylethylamino)-2-hydroxy-propyloxy]benzoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as halobenzoic acids. These are benzoic acids carrying a halogen atom on the benzene ring. Carboxybupranolol, 4-chloro-3-[3-(1, 1-dimethylethylamino)-2-hydroxy-propyloxy]benzoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Carboxybupranolol, 4-chloro-3-[3-(1, 1-dimethylethylamino)-2-hydroxy-propyloxy]benzoic acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, carboxybupranolol, 4-chloro-3-[3-(1, 1-dimethylethylamino)-2-hydroxy-propyloxy]benzoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a sulfonamide derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. Like sulfonylureas, it is able to lower blood glucose levels by increasing the release of insulin from pancreatic beta cells. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is pyridine substituted at position 2 by a chloromethyl group. It is a member of pyridines and an organochlorine compound. It is a conjugate base of a 2-(chloromethyl)pyridinium. 
it, also known as PAD, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleotide sugars. These are purine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fenugreek and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A multiprotein complex composed of the products of c-jun and c-fos proto-oncogenes. These proteins must dimerize in order to bind to the it recognition site, also known as the TPA-responsive element (TRE). it controls both basal and inducible transcription of several genes. 
Lanthionine is an alanine derivative in which two alanine residues are linked on their beta-carbons by a thioether linkage. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an alanine derivative, an organic sulfide and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a ferulic acid consisting of cis-cinnamic acid bearing methoxy and hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively on the phenyl ring. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It derives from a cis-cinnamic acid. 
it is trianion of GTP arising from deprotonation of three of the four phosphate OH groups. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a guanosine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate base of a GTP. It is a conjugate acid of a GTP(4-). 
Matairesinol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzylbutyrolactone lignans. These are lignan compounds containing a 3, 4-dibenzyloxolan-2-one moiety. Matairesinol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Matairesinol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, matairesinol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a brassinosteroid, a 2alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 23-hydroxy steroid and a 6-oxo steroid. It has a role as a plant growth stimulator. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-methionine and glycine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-methionine and a glycine. 
3-Fucosyllactose belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. 3-Fucosyllactose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Fucosyllactose has been primarily detected in breast milk. 
it, also known as 9-methylate or MUA, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthines. These are purine derivatives with a ketone group conjugated at carbons 2 and 6 of the purine moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-leucine, and two L-aspartic acid units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-aspartic acid and a L-leucine. 
Monoit is monoit (MSU) or uric acid is the aetiological agent of the acute inflammatory condition gout. It is an organic molecular entity and an imidazopyrimidine. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is 6H-indolo[3,2,1-de][1,5]naphthyridine substituted by an oxo group at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimycobacterial drug. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an enone. 
it, also known as V-S dipeptide or val-ser, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an imidazolium ion that is imidazolium cation substituted by a bis(4-chlorophenyl)methyl group at position 1 and a 2-[(2,4-dichlorobenzyl)oxy]-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl group at position 3. It acts as an inhibitor of calmodulin, a calcium binding messenger protein. It has a role as an inhibitor. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is warfarin in which the hydrogen at position 4 of the phenyl substituent is replaced by a nitro group. It has a role as an anticoagulant and an EC 1.6.5.2 [NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor. It is a C-nitro compound, a hydroxycoumarin and a methyl ketone. it is a 4-hydroxycoumarin derivative with anticoagulant activity. As a vitamin K antagonist, it inhibits vitamin K epoxide reductase, thereby inhibiting the reduction of vitamin K and the availability of vitamin KH2. This prevents gamma carboxylation of glutamic acid residues near the N-terminals of the vitamin K-dependent clotting factors, including factor II, VII, IX, and X and anticoagulant proteins C and S. This prevents their activity and thus thrombin formation. Compared to other coumarin derivatives, it has a short half-life. 
it is a quinolone that consists of 4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid bearing a cyclopropyl substituent at position 1, a fluoro substitiuent at position 6, a (4aS,7aS)-octahydro-6H-pyrrolo[3,4-b]pyridin-6-yl group at position 7 and a methoxy substituent at position 8. A member of the fluoroquinolone class of antibacterial agents. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone, a member of cyclopropanes, a pyrrolidinopiperidine, an aromatic ether, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. It is a conjugate base of a itium(1+). it is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inhibits the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase (topoisomerase II) and topoisomerase IV, resulting in inhibition of DNA replication and repair and cell death in sensitive bacterial species. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a cefalotin. it is the sodium salt form of cephalothin, a semisynthetic, beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cephalothin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
1-Isothiocyanato-4-phenylbutane, also known as it or pbitc, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylbutylamines. Phenylbutylamines are compounds containing a phenylbutylamine moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted at the fourth carbon by an butan-1-amine. 1-Isothiocyanato-4-phenylbutane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-isothiocyanato-4-phenylbutane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1-isothiocyanato-4-phenylbutane can be found in brassicas. This makes 1-isothiocyanato-4-phenylbutane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an orally active, indanone-based loop diuretic that consists of a racemic mixture. The (-) enantiomer is natriuretic, and the (+) enantiomer is uricosuric. 
it is a tetrahydroxytetrahydrofuran in which the hydroxy groups are located at positions 2, 3, 4, and 4 and which is substituted by a methyl group at position 2 (the 2R,4S diastereoisomer). It has a role as an autoinducer. It is a tetrahydroxytetrahydrofuran, a ketone hydrate, a tetrol and a cyclic ketal. 
6-chlorotryptophan is a tryptophan derivative that is tryptophan in which the hydrogen at position 6 of the indole ring has been replaced by a chlorine. It is a tryptophan derivative, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and an organochlorine compound. 
it appears as a liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Emits acrid irritating fumes when heated to high temperature. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a chlorocyclohexene that is cyclohexene which carries 5 chlorines at positions 1,3,4,5 and 6, respectively. It has (3R,4S,5S,6R) configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (3S,4R,5R,6S)-1,3,4,5,6-pentachlorocyclohexene. 
Crotamiton is a scabicidal and antipruritic agent available as a cream or lotion for topical use only. It is a colorless to slightly yellowish oil, having a faint amine-like odor. It is miscible with alcohol and with methanol. 
2-octyl-3-isothiazolone is a clear dark amber liquid. Used as a fungicide. it is a member of the class of 1,2-thiazole that is 1,2-thiazol-3-one substituted on the nitrogen (position 2) by an octyl group. A fungicide and antibacterial agent, it is used for treatment of canker and other fungal and bacterial diseases in fruit trees. It is no longer approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, an antifungal agrochemical and an antibacterial agent. 
it is a ubiquinone whose structure comprises a 2,3-dimethoxy-5-methylbenzoquinone nucleus (common to all ubiquinones) and a side chain of eight isoprenoid units. It has a role as a biomarker. 
it, also known as menthalactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzofurans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a furan. Furan is a five-membered aromatic ring with four carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, isoit is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, isoit can be found in herbs and spices and peppermint. This makes isoit a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining oxythiamine chloride with one molar equivalent of hydrochloric acid. It has a role as an antimetabolite and a vitamin B1 antagonist. It contains an oxythiamine chloride. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 5,6-dihydro-4H-imidazo[1,5-a][1,4]benzodiazepine which is substituted at positions 3, 5, 6, and 8 by ethoxycarbonyl, methyl, oxo, and fluoro groups, respectively. It is used as an antidote to benzodiazepine overdose. It has a role as a GABA antagonist and an antidote to benzodiazepine poisoning. It is an ethyl ester, an organofluorine compound and an imidazobenzodiazepine. it is an imidazo-benzodiazepine derivative, effective in reversing benzodiazepine-induced activities. it antagonizes the benzodiazepine binding site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)/benzodiazepine receptor complex in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby preventing the chloride channel opening events and inhibiting neuronal hyperpolarization. As a result, it reverses benzodiazepine-induced effects including sedation, psychomotor deficits, amnesia, and hypoventilation in a dose-dependent manner. 
A mixture of related phosphoproteins occurring in milk and cheese. The group is characterized as one of the most nutritive milk proteins, containing all of the common amino acids and rich in the essential ones. 
A neurotransmitter found at neuromuscular junctions, autonomic ganglia, parasympathetic effector junctions, a subset of sympathetic effector junctions, and at many sites in the central nervous system. 
it is a member of the class of acetophenones that is acetophenone which is substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an acaricide and a flavouring agent. It is a member of acetophenones and a member of toluenes. 
it is a polyanionic polymer obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy groups of [(1->2)-alpha-L-rhamnosyl-(1->4)-alpha-D-galacturonosyl]n; major species at pH 7.3. It is a polyanionic polymer and a carbohydrate acid anion. 
it is a sphingoid that is sphingosine with an additional hydroxy group at position 6 It has a role as a metabolite. It is a sphingoid, an amino alcohol and a triol. It derives from a sphingosine. 
it is a C-nitro compound in which the nitro group is attached at C-4 of m-cresol. It derives from a m-cresol. 
Streptomycin sulfate (2:3) (salt) appears as an antibacterial. White to light gray or pale buff powder with faint amine-like odor. Streptomycin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of streptomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces griseus with antibacterial property. Streptomycin sulfate binds to the S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide elongation and protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. 
it is a synthetic pyrimidine analogue with activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV). Intracellularly, clevudine is phosphorylated to its active metabolites, clevudine monophosphate and triphosphate. The triphosphate metabolite competes with thymidine for incorporation into viral DNA, thereby causing DNA chain termination and inhibiting the function of HBV DNA polymerase (reverse transcriptase). it has a long half-life and shows significant reduction of covalently closed circular DNA (cccDNA), therefore the patient is less likely to have a relapse after treatment is discontinued. 
(5Z,8Z,11Z)-14,15-dihydroxyicosatrienoic acid is a DHET obtained by formal dihydroxylation across the 14,15-double bond of arachidonic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a DHET, a secondary allylic alcohol and a diol. It is a conjugate acid of a (5Z,8Z,11Z)-14,15-dihydroxyicosatrienoate. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03100942 (Safety and Efficacy Study of it, Lanraplenib and Tirabrutinib in Adults With Active Sjogren's Syndrome). it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the tyrosine kinase Janus kinase 1 (JAK1), with potential anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating activities. Upon oral administration, filgotinib specifically targets, binds to, and inhibits the phosphorylation of JAK1, which interferes with JAK/STAT (signal transducer and activator of transcription)-dependent signaling. As JAK1 mediates signaling of many pro-inflammatory cytokines, JAK1 inhibition prevents cytokine signaling and activity in many inflammatory and immune-mediated processes and leads to a decrease in inflammation and activation of certain immune cells. JAK1 plays a key role in the signaling and activity of many cytokines and growth factors and is often dysregulated in a variety of autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, as well as some malignancies. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted by a (3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl)nitrilo group, 3-(morpholin-4-yl)propoxy group and a methoxy group at positions 4,6 and 7, respectively. An EGFR kinase inhibitor used for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound, a member of quinazolines and a member of morpholines. it is an anilinoquinazoline with antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the catalytic activity of numerous tyrosine kinases including the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), which may result in inhibition of tyrosine kinase-dependent tumor growth. Specifically, this agent competes with the binding of ATP to the tyrosine kinase domain of EGFR, thereby inhibiting receptor autophosphorylation and resulting in inhibition of signal transduction. it may also induce cell cycle arrest and inhibit angiogenesis. (NCI04) 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains an acetate. it is the anhydrous, sodium salt form of acetic acid. it disassociates in water to form sodium ions (Na+) and acetate ions. Sodium is the principal cation of the extracellular fluid and plays a large part in fluid and electrolyte replacement therapies. it is used as an electrolyte replenisher in isosmotic solution for parenteral replacement of acute losses of extracellular fluid without disturbing normal electrolyte balance. 
3-(Dichloromethylene)-2, 5-pyrrolidinedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidine-2-ones. These are pyrrolidines which bear a C=O group at position 2 of the pyrrolidine ring. 3-(Dichloromethylene)-2, 5-pyrrolidinedione exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-(dichloromethylene)-2, 5-pyrrolidinedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in alcoholic beverages, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Virginiamycin is a class of streptogramin-related depsipeptides isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces virginiae and other Streptomyces bacterial species. The virginiamycins consist of two major components, virginiamycin M1 and virginiamycin S1. These agents bind to and inhibit ribosome assembly, thereby preventing protein synthesis. Active against Gram-positive bacteria, these antibiotics are primarily used in veterinary practice. (NCI04) 
it is a beta-D-glucoside consisting of (S)-prunasin carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 4 on the phenyl ring. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a nitrile, a cyanogenic glycoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a (S)-prunasin. 
it is a member of benzoic acids and a member of guanidines. it is a broad-spectrum, synthetic serine protease inhibitor, with anticoagulant, anti-inflammatory, mucus clearing, and potential antiviral activities. Upon administration, it inhibits the activities of a variety of proteases, including thrombin, plasmin, kallikrein, trypsin, and Cl esterase in the complement system, and factors VIIa, Xa, and XIIa in the coagulation system. Although the mechanism of action of it is not fully understood, trypsinogen activation in the pancreas is known to be a trigger reaction in the development of pancreatitis. it blocks the activation of trypsinogen to trypsin and the inflammatory cascade that follows. it may also decrease epithelial sodium channel (ENaC) activity and increase mucus clearance in the airways. ENaC activity is increased in cystic fibrosis. In addition, it may inhibit the activity of transmembrane protease, serine 2 (TMPRSS2), a host cell serine protease that mediates viral cell entry for influenza virus and coronavirus, thereby inhibiting viral infection and replication. 
it is the hydrobromide salt form of hydroxyamphetamine, an indirect-acting sympathomimetic amine with adrenergic properties. Hydroxyamphetamine, when applied topically to the eye, stimulates the release of norepinephrine from postganglionic adrenergic nerves resulting in the stimulation of both alpha and beta adrenergic receptors. Local alpha stimulatory effects include dilation of the pupil, increased flow of aqueous humor, and vasoconstriction; whereas beta stimulatory effects include relaxation of the ciliary muscle and a decreased production in aqueous humor. 
2-Ethoxy-4-(4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. 2-Ethoxy-4-(4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-ethoxy-4-(4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Ethoxy-4-(4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolan-2-yl)phenol has a sweet, creamy, and spicy taste. 
it, also known as alkaloid MQ-b2 or hexadecanoic acid pyrrolidide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylpyrrolidines. These are n-Acylated Pyrrolidine derivatives. Pyrrolidine is a five-membered saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one nitrogen atom and four carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, N-hexadecanoylpyrrolidine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, N-hexadecanoylpyrrolidine can be found in green vegetables and pepper (spice). This makes N-hexadecanoylpyrrolidine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2-Methyl valeric acid, also known as 2-methylvalerate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methyl-branched fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an acyl chain that has a methyl branch. Usually, they are saturated and contain only one or more methyl group. However, branches other than methyl may be present. 2-Methyl valeric acid is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Methyl valeric acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-methyl valeric acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. 2-Methyl valeric acid is a cheese and sour tasting compound that can be found in pepper (spice). This makes 2-methyl valeric acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of isochromanes that is 1,5,6,7-tetrahydro-8H-isochromen-8-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 7, a methyl group at position 7 and a penta-1,3-dien-1-yl moiety at position 3. Isolated from the fermentation broth of Trichoderma harzianum, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is a member of isochromanes, an enone, a diol, an aromatic ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
Trinitroresorcinol appears as a yellowish, crystalline solid. Used as a priming agent. Very sensitive to heat. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may explode violently. 
N-Lactoyl ethanolamine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acylethanolamines. N-acylethanolamines are compounds containing an N-acyethanolamine moiety, which is characterized by an acyl group is linked to the nitrogen atom of ethanolamine. N-Lactoyl ethanolamine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-lactoyl ethanolamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. N-Lactoyl ethanolamine has a cooked and roasted taste. 
it is an anthrafuran that is 2,3-dihydroanthra[2,3-b]furan-5,10-dione substituted at positions 2, 4, 6 and 8 by hydroxy groups and at position 3 by a 3-oxobutyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an anthrafuran, a polyphenol, a lactol and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00550381 (Study Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics (PK) of it Administered Orally to Healthy Subjects). 
it is a derivative of pyruvic acid carrying a 3,5-diiodo-4-hydroxyphenyl group at the 3-position. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (3,5-diiodo-4-oxidophenyl)pyruvate(2-). 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Flash point 115Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. In high concentrations its vapors may be narcotic. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. 
it is a derivative of D-glucaro-1, 4-lactone with chemopreventive and anti-tumor activities. One of the key processes in which human body eliminates toxic chemicals as well as hormones (such as estrogen) is by glucuronidation. When beta-glucuronidase deconjugates these glucuronides, it prolongs the stay of the hormone or toxic chemical in the body. Elevated beta-glucuronidase activity has been implicated to be associated with an increased risk for hormone-dependent cancers like breast, prostate, and colon cancers. Thereby, it may suppress the developments of hormone-dependent cancers mediated through beta-glucuronidase inhibition. 
3a, 11b, 21-Trihydroxy-20-oxo-5b-pregnan-18-al, also known as not available, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 21-hydroxysteroids. These are steroids carrying a hydroxyl group at the 21-position of the steroid backbone. 3a, 11b, 21-Trihydroxy-20-oxo-5b-pregnan-18-al is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3a, 11b, 21-Trihydroxy-20-oxo-5b-pregnan-18-al has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3a, 11b, 21-trihydroxy-20-oxo-5b-pregnan-18-al is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 3a, 11b, 21-Trihydroxy-20-oxo-5b-pregnan-18-al can be biosynthesized from 11b, 21-dihydroxy-3, 20-oxo-5b-pregnan-18-al through the action of the enzyme aldo-keto reductase family 1 member C4. In humans, 3a, 11b, 21-trihydroxy-20-oxo-5b-pregnan-18-al is involved in the steroidogenesis pathway. 3a, 11b, 21-Trihydroxy-20-oxo-5b-pregnan-18-al is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the apparent mineralocorticoid excess syndrome pathway, corticosterone methyl oxidase II deficiency - cmo II, adrenal hyperplasia type 3 or congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency, and corticosterone methyl oxidase I deficiency (cmo I). 
it is a member of the class of its that is acetophenone in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a benzylidene group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of styrenes and a member of its. 
it is a glycol that is hexane substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 5. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 7 and a methoxy group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. 
3-Methyl-2-butene thiol, also known as dimethylallyl mercaptan or fema 3896, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 3-Methyl-2-butene thiol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-methyl-2-butene thiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-Methyl-2-butene thiol exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 3-Methyl-2-butene thiol is an amine, leek, and onion tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages and coffee and coffee products. This makes 3-methyl-2-butene thiol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a fibrate derivative with antilipidemic activity. it consists of two nicotinic radicals and one clofibiric radical esterified by a glycerol moiety. 
1-(2-Thienyl)-1, 2-propanedione, also known as 2-pyruvoylthiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl ketones. These are organic aromatic compounds that contain a ketone group substituted at one C-atom with an aryl group. They have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=organyl group. 1-(2-Thienyl)-1, 2-propanedione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(2-thienyl)-1, 2-propanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as fema 3412 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cabbage, cheese, and fruity taste. 
it is an aryl sulfide that is (2Z,3Z)-bis[amino(sulfanyl)methylidene]butanedinitrile in which the sulfanyl hydrogens are replaced by 2-aminophenyl groups. An inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase that also exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, an antioxidant, an osteogenesis regulator and a vasoconstrictor agent. It is an enamine, an aryl sulfide, a substituted aniline and a dinitrile. 
ite appears as a solid complex between the cobalt(II) ion and the condensation product of salicylaldehyde and ethylenediamine. Such condensation products are called \ 
it is a member of lipid As. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a 4-amino-1,2-oxazolidin-3-one that has R configuration. It is an antibiotic produced by Streptomyces garyphalus or S. orchidaceus and is used as part of a multi-drug regimen for the treatment of tuberculosis when resistance to, or toxicity from, primary drugs has developed. An analogue of D-alanine, it interferes with bacterial cell wall synthesis in the cytoplasm by competitive inhibition of L-alanine racemase (which forms D-alanine from L-alanine) and D-alanine--D-alanine ligase (which incorporates D-alanine into the pentapeptide required for peptidoglycan formation and bacterial cell wall synthesis). It has a role as an antitubercular agent, an antiinfective agent, an antimetabolite, a metabolite and a NMDA receptor agonist. It is an organooxygen heterocyclic antibiotic, an organonitrogen heterocyclic antibiotic and a 4-amino-1,2-oxazolidin-3-one. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a L-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is an analogue of the amino acid D-alanine with broad-spectrum antibiotic and glycinergic activities. it interferes with bacterial cell wall synthesis by competitively inhibiting two enzymes, L-alanine racemase and D-alanine:D-alanine ligase, thereby impairing peptidoglycan formation necessary for bacterial cell wall synthesis. This agent may be bactericidal or bacteriostatic, depending on its concentration at the infection site and the susceptibility of the organism. In addition, it is an excitatory amino acid and partial agonist at the glycine binding site of the NMDA receptor in the central nervous system (CNS); binding to the central NMDA receptor may result in amelioration of neuropathic pain. 
A proteolytic enzyme in the serine protease family found in many tissues which converts PLASMINOGEN to FIBRINOLYSIN. It has fibrin-binding activity and is immunologically different from UROKINASE-TYPE PLASMINOGEN ACTIVATOR. The primary sequence, composed of 527 amino acids, is identical in both the naturally occurring and synthetic proteases. 
it is a secondary aliphatic ammonium ion resulting from the protonation of the amino group of diethylamine. It is a conjugate acid of a diethylamine. 
4-(benzylsulfanyl)thieno[2,3-d]pyrimidine is a thienopyrimidine that is thieno[2,3-d]pyrimidine which is substituted at position 4 by a benzylsulfanediyl group. It is a thienopyrimidine, an aryl sulfide and a member of benzenes. 
it is an acetate ester obtained by formal O-acetylation of 3-mercaptohexanol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an acetate ester and an alkanethiol. It derives from a 3-mercaptohexanol. 
it is the cationic form of 3,7-diaminophenothiazine. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound and an organic cation. 
Dichloropentane is a clear colorless to yellow liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a solvent for oil, greases, rubber resins, for degreasing metals and as an insecticide and soil fumigant. 
it is an organosulfonic acid obtained by formal hydrosulfonation across the 2 and 3 positions of menadione. It derives from a menadione. It is a conjugate acid of a menadione sulfonate. 
3-(3, 4-Dihydroxy-5-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid, also known as 3, 4-dihydroxy-5-methoxycinnamic acid or 3-(3, 4-dihydroxy-5-methoxyphenyl)acrylate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-(3, 4-Dihydroxy-5-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-(3, 4-Dihydroxy-5-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid can be converted into 5-hydroxyferuloyl-CoA. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic idarubicin. Idarubicin intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. Due to its high lipophilicity, idarubicin penetrates cell membranes more efficiently than other anthracycline antibiotic compounds 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It is an enantiomer of a 4-amino-D-phenylalanine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an N-alkylpiperazine that is 1-(3-chlorophenyl)piperazine carrying a 3,3-diphenyl-2-hydroxyprop-1-yl group at position 4. A selective h5-HT1D antagonist, displaying 60-fold selectivity over h5-HT1B, and exhibiting little or no affinity for a range of other receptor types. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a secondary alcohol and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It is a conjugate base of a 4-(3-chlorophenyl)-1-(2-hydroxy-3,3-diphenylpropyl)piperazin-1-ium(1+). 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is phenothiazine having a trifluoromethyl subsitituent at the 2-position and a 3-(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)propyl group at the N-10 position. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, an antiemetic, an EC 1.8.1.12 (trypanothione-disulfide reductase) inhibitor, an EC 5.3.3.5 (cholestenol Delta-isomerase) inhibitor, a calmodulin antagonist and a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-methylpiperazine, a member of phenothiazines and an organofluorine compound. it is a phenothiazine derivative and a dopamine antagonist with antipsychotic and antiemetic activities. it exerts its antipsychotic effect by blocking central dopamine receptors, thereby preventing effects such as delusions and hallucinations caused by an excess of dopamine. This agent also functions as a calmodulin inhibitor, thereby leading to elevation of cytosolic calcium. 
it is an iron coordination entity consisting of iron(III) coordinated to each of the hydroxy oxygens in the three catecholate units of vibriobactin. It derives from a vibriobactin. 
it is an alkane-alpha,omega-diamine in which the two amino groups are separated by eight methylene groups. It derives from a hydride of an octane. 
T-butyl hexadecanoate is a hexadecanoate ester in which the carboxy hydrogen of hexadecanoic acid has been replaced by a tert-butyl group. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a tert-butyl ester. 
it is an ergoline alkaloid obtained by selective methylation of the N-6 position of ergoline. It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 
1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-4-methylpent-1-en-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. 1-(4-Methoxyphenyl)-4-methylpent-1-en-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an indolecarboxylic acid in which the carboxy group is the only substituent and is located at position 5. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is the sodium salt of fosinopril. It is used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. A pro-drug, its phosphinate ester group is hydrolysed in vivo to give the corresponding phosphininc acid, fosinoprilat, which is the active metabolite. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, a prodrug and an antihypertensive agent. It contains a fosinopril(1-). Fosinopril Sodium is the sodium salt of fosinopril, a phosphinic acid-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it is an ester prodrug that is hydrolysed by esterases to its active metabolite fosinoprilat. Fosinoprilat specifically and competitively inhibits angiotensin-converting enzyme thereby decreasing the formation of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II, resulting in diminished vasopressor activity. In addition, angiotensin II-mediated aldosterone secretion by adrenal cortex is decreased, which results in a decrease of sodium retention and an increase of serum potassium. (NCI05) 
An oxidation product, via XANTHINE OXIDASE, of oxypurines such as XANTHINE and HYPOXANTHINE. It is the final oxidation product of purine catabolism in humans and primates, whereas in most other mammals URATE OXIDASE further oxidizes it to ALLANTOIN. 
Cevimeline trans-sulfoxide, also known as it or FKS 508, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as azaspirodecane derivatives. These are organic compounds containing a spirodecane moiety with at least one nitrogen atom. Cevimeline trans-sulfoxide exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Cevimeline trans-sulfoxide has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, cevimeline trans-sulfoxide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Cevimeline is a cholinergic analogue with glandular secretion stimulatory activity. Cevimeline binds to and activates muscarinic receptors, thereby increasing the secretions in exocrine salivary and sweat glands. This cholinergic agonist also increases the tone of smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts. Cevimeline is being studied as a treatment for dry mouth caused by radiation therapy to the head and neck. 
it is an indole alkaloid isolated from the Amaryllidaceae family and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an indole alkaloid, a delta-lactone, a secondary alcohol and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 
(S)-2, 3-Dihydro-7-hydroxy-2-methyl-4-oxo-4H-1-benzopyran-5-acetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as chromones. Chromones are compounds containing a benzopyran-4-one moiety (S)-2, 3-Dihydro-7-hydroxy-2-methyl-4-oxo-4H-1-benzopyran-5-acetic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (S)-2, 3-dihydro-7-hydroxy-2-methyl-4-oxo-4H-1-benzopyran-5-acetic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-2, 3-dihydro-7-hydroxy-2-methyl-4-oxo-4H-1-benzopyran-5-acetic acid can be found in green vegetables. This makes (S)-2, 3-dihydro-7-hydroxy-2-methyl-4-oxo-4H-1-benzopyran-5-acetic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear viscious yellow liquid with a mild odor. Used as broad spectrum insecticide. it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation between 2-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-methylbutyric acid and cyano(3-phenoxyphenyl)methanol. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and a pyrethroid ester acaricide. It is a carboxylic ester, an aromatic ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 2-(4-chlorophenyl)-3-methylbutyric acid. 
it is a carbopolycyclic compound. It has a role as an antidepressant. It derives from a hydride of a bisanthene. it is an anthraquinone derivative that is naturally found in the yellow flower of Hypericum perforatum (St. John's wort) with antidepressant, potential antiviral, antineoplastic and immunostimulating activities. it appears to inhibit the neuronal uptake of serotonin, norepinephrine, dopamine, gamma-amino butyric acid (GABA) and L-glutamate, which may contribute to its antidepressant effect. it may also prevent the replication of encapsulated viruses probably due to inhibition of the assembly and shedding of virus particles in infected cells. This agent also exerts potent phototoxic effects by triggering apoptotic signaling that results in formation of reactive oxygen species. 
it is a pyridine nucleoside consisting of 1,4-dihydronicotinamide with a beta-D-ribofuranosyl moiety at the 1-position. It is a dihydropyridine and a pyridine nucleoside. 
it is a 2-(4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl)nicotinic acid that has S configuration. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-imazapyr. 
A variable mixture of the mono- and disodium salts of gold thiomalic acid used mainly for its anti-inflammatory action in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It is most effective in active progressive rheumatoid arthritis and of little or no value in the presence of extensive deformities or in the treatment of other forms of arthritis. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 1-phenylethanol. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-1-phenylethanol. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a cyclopentapyran that is 1,4a,5,6,7,7a-hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyran substituted at position 1 by a hydroxy group and at positions 4 and 7 by methyl groups (the 4aS,7S,7aR-diastereomer) It is a cyclopentapyran and a lactol. 
it is a branched pentasaccharide consisting of alpha-L-rhamnose, beta-D-glucose and two alpha-D-glucose residues in (1->3), (1->4) and (1->2) sequence, to the non-reducing-end glucose residue of which is also linked (1->3) an alpha-L-rhamnose residue. 
A highly acidic mucopolysaccharide formed of equal parts of sulfated D-glucosamine and D-glucuronic acid with sulfaminic bridges. The molecular weight ranges from six to twenty thousand. Heparin occurs in and is obtained from liver, lung, mast cells, etc., of vertebrates. Its function is unknown, but it is used to prevent blood clotting in vivo and vitro, in the form of many different salts. 
An inhibitor of DOPA DECARBOXYLASE that prevents conversion of LEVODOPA to dopamine. It is used in PARKINSON DISEASE to reduce peripheral adverse effects of LEVODOPA. It has no anti-parkinson activity by itself. 
it is a member of phytosterols, an ergostanoid, a 9xi-it and a Delta(7)-sterol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-ergostane. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is N-methylpyrazole substituted by a carboxy group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of pyrazoles and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a N-methylpyrazole. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Ethylene glycol monomethyl ether acetate appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point of 135Â°F. Denser than water and soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is an agent belonging to the biguanide class of antidiabetics with antihyperglycemic activity. it is not metabolized and is excreted in the urine. This agent has been withdrawn from the market due to its elevated risk of lactic acidosis. 
it is an indicator dye that is blue-violet at pH 3.0 and red at pH 5.0. It contains a 3,3'-(biphenyl-4,4'-diyldidiazene-2,1-diyl)bis(4-aminonaphthalene-1-sulfonate). It derives from a 3,3'-(biphenyl-4,4'-diyldidiazene-2,1-diyl)bis(4-aminonaphthalene-1-sulfonic acid). it is the sodium salt of benzidinediazo-bis-1-naphthylamine-4-sulfonic acid; a diazo dye that is red in alkaline solution and blue in acid solution and used especially as an indicator and as a biological stain. 
Levoit is the hydrochloride salt form of levobunolol, a naphthalenone and non-cardioselective adrenergic beta-receptor antagonist with anti-glaucoma activity. Upon administration in the eye, levobunolol blocks beta-adrenergic receptors, thereby causing vasoconstriction. Levobunolol also decreases ciliary's body production of aqueous humor, leading to a decrease in aqueous humor. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is pyrazine with an ethyl group at position 2 and a methyl group at position 5 or vice versa. Found in tea, soybean paste, chocolate and sesame seed oil. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a Maillard reaction product. It is a member of pyrazines and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a triazole-based antifungal agent used for the treatment of esophageal candidiasis, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, and serious fungal infections caused by Scedosporium apiospermum and Fusarium spp. It is an inhibitor of cytochrome P450 2C9 (CYP2C9) and CYP3A4. It has a role as a P450 inhibitor. It is a member of pyrimidines, a difluorobenzene, a tertiary alcohol, a triazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. it is a synthetic triazole with antifungal activity. it selectively inhibits 14-alpha-lanosterol demethylation in fungi, preventing the production of ergosterol, an essential constituent of the fungal cell membrane, and resulting in fungal cell lysis. (NCI04) 
it is a pyridinecarboxamide that is nicotinamide substituted by a trifluoromethyl group at position 4 and a cyanomethyl group at the carbamoyl nitrogen atom. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an insecticide. It is a pyridinecarboxamide, a nitrile and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a nicotinamide. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of catechols. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)lactate. 
Taraxasterol is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is taraxastane with a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a taraxastane. 
it, also known as fema 2571, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, apple, and floral taste. 
Cefetamet Pivoxil is the pivalate ester prodrug form of cefetamet, a semi-synthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. After oral administration of cefetamet pivoxil, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active cefetamet. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is 7-hydroxyisoflavone substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 4'. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a phytoestrogen, a plant metabolite, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and an EC 2.7.7.7 (DNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is an isoflavone extract from soy, which is an inactive analog of the tyrosine kinase inhibitor genistein. It has antioxidant and phytoestrogenic properties. (NCI) 
Itraconazole is a orally administered, triazole antifungal agent used in the treatment of systemic and superficial fungal infections. Itraconazole therapy is associated with transient, mild-to-moderate serum elevations and can lead to clinically apparent acute drug induced liver injury. Itraconazole is a synthetic triazole agent with antimycotic properties. Formulated for both topical and systemic use, itraconazole preferentially inhibits fungal cytochrome P450 enzymes, resulting in a decrease in fungal ergosterol synthesis. Because of its low toxicity profile, this agent can be used for long-term maintenance treatment of chronic fungal infections. (NCI04) 
Fructosyllysine is a glyco-amino acid consisting of a D-fructosyl residue attached to the epsilon-amino group of L-lysine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a fructosamine and a glyco-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a fructosyllysine(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a fructosyllysinate. 
it is a glyco-amino acid compound consisting of an N-acetyl-alpha-D-muramoyl group attached to L-alanine via an amide linkage. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-alpha-D-muramoyl-L-alaninate. 
Topaquinone is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is alanine substituted at position 3 by a 2-hydroxy-1,4-benzoquinon-5-yl group. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a member of monohydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones. It is a tautomer of a topaquinone zwitterion. 
it appears as white powder with an extremely unpleasant smell. Melting point:31-35Â°C; bp: 366Â°C. Stench! May be harmful by ingestion, inhalation or through skin contact. Eye, skin and respiratory irritant. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3 and a methyl group at position 4. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid and an aminobenzoic acid. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-4-methylanthranilate. 
it is a penicillin compound having a 6beta-[(2R)-2-carboxy-2-thiophen-3-ylacetyl]amino side-group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Similar to carbenicillin in action, it inactivates the penicillin-sensitive transpeptidase C-terminal domain by opening the lactam ring. This inactivation prevents the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan strands, thereby inhibiting the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to incomplete bacterial cell wall synthesis and eventually causes cell lysis. 
it is a popular herbal medication and extract derived from the roots of a perennial plant (Panax ginseng) found mostly in China, Korea and Siberia. it is used is to promote health and improve wellness, as well as to treat stress and as a mild stimulant. it has not been implicated in causing liver injury although it may have the potential of causing significant herb-drug interactions that can lead to liver injury. 
A carbamate-derived reversible CHOLINESTERASE INHIBITOR that is selective for the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM and is used for the treatment of DEMENTIA in ALZHEIMER DISEASE and PARKINSON DISEASE. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans which consists of 1-benzofuran substituted by a hydroxy group at position 6, a methoxy group at position 4, a prenyl group at position 5 and a 2,4-dihydroxyphenyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a member of resorcinols and an aromatic ether. It derives from a hydride of a 1-benzofuran. 
it is a 2-{4-[(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoic acid that has R configuration. An acetyl-CoA carboxylase inhibitor, it is used (generally as the corresponding ethyl or tefuryl ester proherbicides) for the control of annual and perennial grass weeds in sugar beet. It has a role as an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor. It is a 2-{4-[(6-chloroquinoxalin-2-yl)oxy]phenoxy}propanoic acid and a quinoxaline herbicide. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-quizalofop. 
it is a very long-chain hydroxy fatty acid composed of lignoceric acid having a 2-hydroxy substituent. It is a straight-chain fatty acid, a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a very long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a tetracosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxytetracosanoate. 
it is an organic chloride salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it cation. It derives from a rhodamine 110. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as epoxides. Epoxides are compounds containing a cyclic ether with three ring atoms(one oxygen and two carbon atoms). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it recieved approval from the FDA on November 8th, 2017 for use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant patients. It represents the first entry into a new class of CMV anti-infectives, DNA terminase complex inhibitors. it has recieved both priority and orphan drug status from the FDA. It is currently marketed under the brand name Prevymis. it is an orally bioavailable, non-nucleoside, 3,4-dihydroquinazolinyl acetic acid and inhibitor of the pUL56 subunit of the viral terminase complex of cytomegalovirus (CMV), with potential CMV-specific antiviral activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to the pUL56 subunit of the viral terminase complex of CMV and prevents the cleavage of concatemeric DNA into monomeric genome length DNA. As this agent interferes with viral DNA processing and subsequent viral DNA packaging into procapsids, CMV replication is blocked and CMV infection is prevented. 
it is a short-chain fatty acid anion and a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2-methylbutyric acid. 
Lanreotide is a drug employed in the management of acromegaly (a hormonal condition caused by excess growth hormone) in addition to symptoms caused by neuroendocrine tumors, especially carcinoid syndrome. This drug is a long-acting analog of the drug somatostatin, a growth hormone inhibitor. Lanreotide is manufactured by the company, Ipsen Pharmaceuticals as it, and marketed as Somatuline. It is approved in several countries worldwide, including the United Kingdom, Australia, and Canada. Lanreotide was first approved for use in the United States by the FDA on August 30, 2007. Lanreotide is a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. Lanreotide binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, lanreotide has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or Autogel formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. Lanreotide Acetate is the acetate salt of a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. Lanreotide binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, lanreotide has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or Autogel formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is hexadecanoic acid (palmitic acid) substituted by a methyl group at position 14. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. It is a methyl-branched fatty acid, a branched-chain saturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
2, 6-Dimethyl-trans-2-heptenoyl-CoA, also known as dimethyl 1, 3-acetonedicarboxylate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C3 carbon atom. 2, 6-Dimethyl-trans-2-heptenoyl-CoA is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Chenodeoxycholate is conjugate base of chenodeoxycholic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a bile acid anion and a cholanic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a chenodeoxycholic acid. 
it is a 3-nitrotyrosine comprising L-tyrosine having a nitro group at the 3-position on the phenyl ring. It is a L-tyrosine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a 3-nitrotyrosine. It is an enantiomer of a 3-nitro-D-tyrosine. 
Natamycin is a polyene amphoteric macrolide antibiotic with antifungal properties. Natamycin exerts its antifungal effects by binding to sterols in the fungal cell membrane thereby increasing membrane permeability. This leads to a leakage and loss of essential cellular constituents. Following ocular application, natamycin is retained in the conjunctival fornices and attains effective concentrations within the corneal stroma where it exerts its effect. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ginkgolides and bilobalides. These are diterpene lactones with a structure based either on the gingkolide or the bilobalide skeleton. The ginkgolide skeleton is a very rigid structure consisting of hexacyclic C20 trilactone. The cis-fused F/A/D/C ring junction forms an empty semi-ball hole, the D ring contains a cage form tetrahydrofuran ring which occupies the center of the empty hole, and the oxygen atoms of the D, C and F ring and 10-hydroxyl group consist of an analogous crown ether structure. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ginkgolide c is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
1,3,6,8-tetraazatricyclo[4,4,1,1(3,8)]dodecane is an adamanzane which contains four one-carbon chains and two two-carbon chains linking the nitrogens thus forming a cage structure. 
it is a member of the class of phthalimides that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydrophthalimide in which the nitrogen has been substituted by a p-chlorophenyl group. It is used as a herbicide. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. It is a member of maleimides, a member of phthalimides and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
(1R, 2R, 4R)-1, 8-Epoxy-p-menthane-2, 4-diol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other (1R, 2R, 4R)-1, 8-Epoxy-p-menthane-2, 4-diol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1R, 2R, 4R)-1, 8-epoxy-p-menthane-2, 4-diol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1R, 2R, 4R)-1, 8-epoxy-p-menthane-2, 4-diol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (1R, 2R, 4R)-1, 8-epoxy-p-menthane-2, 4-diol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a cyclic monoterpene ketone that is cyclohex-2-en-1-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2, a methyl group at position 3 and an isopropyl group at position 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cyclic monoterpene ketone and an enol. 
it is the sodium salt of ertapenem, a 1-beta-methyl carbapenem and a broad-spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ertapenem binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located on the bacterial cell wall, in particular PBPs 2 and 3, thereby inhibiting the final transpeptidation step in the synthesis of peptidoglycan, an essential component of the bacterial cell wall. Inhibition of peptidoglycan synthesis results in weakening and lysis of the cell wall and cell death. In vitro, this agent has shown activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic bacteria. Erapenem is resistant to hydrolysis by a variety of beta-lactamases, including penicillinases, cephalosporinases and extended-spectrum beta-lactamases. 
Alpha-Neup5Ac-(2->3)-beta-D-Galp-(1->4)-[alpha-L-Fucp-(1->3)]-D-GlcpNAc is a branched amino tetrasaccharide consisting of a sialyl residue, linked (2->3) to a galactosyl residue that in turn is linked (1->4) to a glucosaminyl residue, which is also carrying a fucosyl residue at the 3-position. It has a role as an epitope. It is an amino tetrasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
2, 3-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 2, 3-it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a 17alpha-hydroxy-C21-steroid that is cortisol in which the 4-5 double bond has undergone formal hydrogenation to give the corresponding 5beta- steroid. It is a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy-C21-steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone, a triol, a secondary alcohol, a diketone, a 20-oxo steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it appears as a crystal or powder with a rich violet-brown or dark purple metallic sheen. Toxic by ingestion or inhalation of dust. 
it is a cholestanoid that is 5beta-cholestan-26-al substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 7 and 12 respectively. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 26-oxo steroid, a cholestanoid and a steroid aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
2-ethoxy-3,3-dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-5-yl methanesulfonate is a methanesulfonate ester that is methanesulfonic acid in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a 2-ethoxy-3,3-dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-5-yl group. It is an ether, a methanesulfonate ester and a member of 1-benzofurans. 
Cyclic polypeptide antibiotic from Bacillus colistinus. It is composed of Polymyxins E1 and E2 (or Colistins A, B, and C) which act as detergents on cell membranes. Colistin is less toxic than Polymyxin B, but otherwise similar; the methanesulfonate is used orally. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrophenanthrenes. These are a phenanthrene derivative where at least one ring CC bond is substituted by hydrogenation. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a diterpene comprising bicyclo[12.1.0]pentadeca-2,6,10-triene having three methyl substituents located at the 3-, 7- and 11-positions as well as gem-dimethyl groups at the 15-position. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It derives from a hydride of a casbane. 
it is a common and naturally occurring pyrimidine nucleobase in which the pyrimidine ring is substituted with two oxo groups at positions 2 and 4. Found in RNA, it base pairs with adenine and replaces thymine during DNA transcription. It has a role as a prodrug, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an allergen. It is a pyrimidine nucleobase and a pyrimidone. It is a tautomer of a (4S)-4-hydroxy-3,4-dihydropyrimidin-2(1H)-one. 
it is a sphingoid that is the C20 analogue of sphingosine. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a sphingoid and an aminodiol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it, also known as magnosalin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclobutane lignans. These are lignans with a structure characterized by to phenylpropanoid units coupled together through the C7-C7' and C8-C8' bonds, forming a cyclobutane ring with the C7, C7', C8', and C8 atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it restores hippocampal synaptic and transcriptional plasticity as well as spatial memory in a mouse model for Alzheimer's disease, when given orally before or after the onset of pathology. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a penetrating unpleasant odor. Density 0.94 g / cm3. Freezing point -93.2Â°F (-34Â°C). Boiling point 365.7Â°F (185.4Â°C). Flash point 192Â°F (88.9Â° C). Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid containing five carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a valerate. 
it is an organic sodium salt having 4-hydroxy-3-[(2-methoxyphenyl)diazenyl]naphthalene-1-sulfonate as the counterion. It has a role as a dye and an environmental contaminant. It contains a 4-hydroxy-3-[(2-methoxyphenyl)diazenyl]naphthalene-1-sulfonate. 
it is a member of benzimidazoles, a sulfoxide and a member of pyridines. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor and an anti-ulcer drug. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is an alpha-pyridylmethylsulfinyl benzimidazole and a selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor with antisecretory property. it enters the parietal cell and accumulates in the acidic secretory canaliculi where the agent is activated by a proton-catalyzed process that results in the formation of a thiophilic sulfonamide or sulfenic acid. The activated it forms covalent bonds with the sulfhydryl amino acids cysteine on the extracellular domain of the proton pump (H+/K+ ATPase) at the secretory surface, thereby inhibiting the transport of hydrogen ions, via exchange with potassium ions, into the gastric lumen. Binding to cysteine 813, in particular, is essential for inhibition of gastric acid production. 
Quetiapine Fumarate is the fumarate salt form of quetiapine, a dibenzothiazepine derivative with antipsychotic property. Quetiapine fumarate antagonizes serotonin activity mediated by 5-HT 1A and 5-HT2 receptors. With a lower affinity, this agent also reversibly binds to dopamine D1 and D2 receptors in the mesolimbic and mesocortical areas of the brain leading to decreased psychotic effects, such as hallucinations and delusions. In addition, quetiapine fumarate also binds to other alpha-1, alpha-2 adrenergic and histamine H1 receptors. 
it is a dipeptide resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of taurine with the gamma-carboxy group of L-glutamic acid. It was initially found in the parathyroid in 1980 and later in the brain of mammals. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a mammalian metabolite, a human metabolite, an anticonvulsant, an anxiolytic drug and a hormone. It is a L-glutamine derivative, a sulfonic acid and a dipeptide. It derives from a taurine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a 6-oxo steroid that is 5beta-cholest-7-en-6-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3, 14, 22 and 25 respectively (the 2beta, 3beta, 22R stereoisomer). It is a steroid prohormone of the major insect moulting hormone 20-hydroxyit. It has a role as a prohormone. It is a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 25-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid, a 3beta-sterol and an ecdysteroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate that is 2'-deoxycytidine 5'-diphosphate (CDP) substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 5. It derives from a CDP. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is nitrobenzene in which the four hydrogens located ortho- and para- to the nitro group have been replaced by chlorines. A fungicide used to control dry rot, it is no longer approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a C-nitro compound, a tetrachlorobenzene and an aromatic fungicide. It derives from a 1,2,4,5-tetrachlorobenzene. 
An azapeptide and HIV-PROTEASE INHIBITOR that is used in the treatment of HIV INFECTIONS and AIDS in combination with other ANTI-HIV AGENTS. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, epoxyanethole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, epoxyanethole can be found in herbs and spices. This makes epoxyanethole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as fema 2982, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, rhodinyl butyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a berry, fruity, and geranium taste. 
it is dication of it arising from deprotonation of the terminal carboxy group and protonation of the primary and secondary amino groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is a peptide cation and an ammonium ion derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is an it in which the stereocentres at positions 2 and 3 both have R-configuration (the D-enantiomer). It is a conjugate acid of a D-it. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it is a methoxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7 and 8 and a hydroxy group at position 4'. It is a methoxyflavanone, a monohydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a flavanone. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ethereal odor. Flash point -22Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it appears as a colorless volatile liquid with a strong odor. Denser than water. Contact severely irritates skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be very toxic by ingestion and inhalation. May be combustible. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having guanine as the nucleobase. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate, a guanyl deoxyribonucleotide and a deoxyguanosine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a 9-(2-deoxy-5-O-phosphono-beta-L-ribofuranosyl)guanine. It is a tautomer of a 2-amino-9-(2-deoxy-5-O-phosphono-beta-D-erythro-pentofuranosyl)-9H-purin-6-ol. 
it is an opioid receptor antagonist. It is a modified form of [DB00704] to which a side chain has been added to increase molecular weight and polar surface area resulting in restricted transport across the blood brain barrier. it was approved in 2017 in both the US and Japan for the treatment of Opioid-induced Constipation. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of tropisetron, a selective, competitive serotonin 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 (5-HT3) receptor antagonist, with antinauseant and antiemetic activities. Tropisetron competitively binds to and blocks the action of serotonin at 5HT3 receptors peripherally on vagus nerve terminals located in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract as well as centrally in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) of the area postrema of the central nervous system (CNS). This results in the suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
it is the monohydrate form of the alpha isoform of D-glucopyranose, a synthetic simple monosaccharide that is used as an energy source. D- glucopyranose is oxidized in various tissues under either aerobic or anaerobic conditions through glycolysis; the oxidation reaction produces carbon dioxide, water, and ATP. 
Plicamycin, which was formerly known as mithramycin, is an antibiotic that is used as an anticancer agent in the therapy of testicular and germ cell cancers. Plicamycin causes acute hepatic injury that arises within days of starting therapy, but is usually transient and asymptomatic and rarely leads to jaundice. Plicamycin has not been approved for use as cancer chemotherapy in the United States, but continues to be used on an investigational basis. Plicamycin is an antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces plicatus with antineoplastic activity. Plicamycin, also known as mithramycin, binds to the minor groove of DNA at GC-rich sites, resulting in inhibition of RNA synthesis; this agent also inhibits mRNA expression, resulting in a reduction in protein synthesis. In addition, plicamycin may inhibit bone resorption by down regulating transcription of c-src, an oncogene involved in bone metabolism and resorption. (NCI04) 
A mycotoxin with antibiotic and carcinogenic activity produced by various strains of PENICILLIUM and ASPERGILLUS. It has been found in tobacco, sausages, and corn. 
it is a coordination complex of the zinc ion and pyrithione, a derivative of the naturally occurring antibiotic aspergillic acid with antimicrobial, antifungal and anti-seborrheic effects. Although the exact mechanism of action remains to be fully elucidated, pyrithione zinc appears to interfere with the membrane transport of ions and metabolites, ultimately leading to a loss of metabolic control. In addition, this agent causes an influx of copper, leading to a reduction in the activity of iron-sulphur proteins resulting in growth inhibition. 
it is the N-(3-aminopropyl) derivative of 4-aminobutanal. It is a primary aliphatic amine, a secondary aliphatic amine and an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde. It is a conjugate base of a N-(3-ammoniopropyl)-4-ammoniobutanal. 
it, also known as g-m dipeptide or gly-met, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a pyrroledicarboxylic acid that is pyrrole-2,5-dicarboxylic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 have been replaced by indol-3-yl groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of indoles and a pyrroledicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a chromopyrrolate(2-). 
it is a member of phenols and an imidazopyrazine. It has a role as a luciferin. It derives from a hydride of an imidazo[1,2-a]pyrazine. 
it is a divalent metal cation in which the metal is manganese. It has a role as a cofactor. It is a divalent metal cation, a manganese cation and a monoatomic dication. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-tyrosine with the amino group of L-asparagine. It derives from a L-tyrosine and a L-asparagine. 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 2,3,4,9-tetrahydro-1H-beta-carboline-3-carboxylic acid in which one of the methylene protons at position 1 has been replaced by a 3-{[4-(2-fluorophenyl)piperazin-1-yl]methyl}-4-methoxyphenyl group. It has a role as a nicotinic acid adenine dinucleotide phosphate receptor antagonist. It is a member of beta-carbolines, an alpha-amino acid, a monomethoxybenzene, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a N-arylpiperazine. 
it is a pyridinium salt and an organic chloride salt. It has a role as a cholinesterase reactivator and a cholinergic drug. It contains a pralidoxime. 
it is a steroid sulfate and a piperazinium salt. It derives from an estrone. it is a natural estritic substance composed of estrone sulfate and piperazine. it diffuses through the cell membrane and binds to and subsequently activates the nuclear estrit receptor found in the reproductive tract, breast, pituitary, hypothalamus, liver, and bone. The activated complex binds to the estrit response element on the DNA and activates the transcription of genes involved in the functioning of the female reproductive system and secondary sex characteristics. 
it is an epoxide that is oxirane substituted by a (4-nitrophenoxy)methyl group. It is an epoxide, a C-nitro compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is a dimeric naphtho-gamma-pyrone with formula C31H28O12, originally isolated from Aspergillus niger It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, an aromatic ketone, a biaryl, a cyclic hemiketal, a cyclic ketone, a naphtho-gamma-pyrone and a polyphenol. 
Beta-D-Galp-(1->4)-D-GlcpNAc is a disaccharide consisting of beta-D-galactose linked via a (1->4)-glycosidic bond to N-acetyl-D-glucosamine. It is a glucosamine oligosaccharide and a member of lactosamines. 
Deuterium atom is the stable isotope of hydrogen with relative atomic mass 2.014102 and a natural abundance of 0.0115 atom percent (from Greek deltaepsilonupsilontauepsilonrhoomicronnu, second). It contains a deuteron. 
, also known as butyl-cyclohexane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloalkanes. These are saturated monocyclic hydrocarbons (with or without side chains). Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in fruits. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a gentamycin C. It is a conjugate base of a gentamycin C1a(5+). it is one of the major components of the gentamicin complex. it lacks methyl groups on the 2-amino-hexose ring and has a free amine at the 6' position. 
5-Butyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 5-Butyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-butyl-2, 4-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 16, an oxo group at position 23 and a carboxy group at position 28 (the 3beta,16alpha stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-asparagine and L-tyrosine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-tyrosine. 
it is benzoic acid substituted at the para position by a guanidino group. It is a member of guanidines and a member of benzoic acids. 
it is an alkadiyne that isdodecane which has been which has been formally dehydrogenated to introduce triple bonds at the 2-3 and 10-11 positions. 
N-Pentyl benzene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. N-Pentyl benzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, N-pentyl benzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). N-Pentyl benzene exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, N-pentyl benzene can be found in lovage and wild celery. This makes N-pentyl benzene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fruity, pineapple, and waxy taste. 
it appears as a white granular material. It reacts with water to give sodium hydroxide with the evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It is used in chemical manufacture. 
it-1 appears as a colorless liquid with a mild odor. Slightly denser than water. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation . Flash point 270Â°F. Used to make plastics, resins and other chemicals. 
NG-L-Glutamyl-L-aspartic acid, also known as glu-asp or NG-L-glutamyl-L-aspartate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. NG-L-Glutamyl-L-aspartic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, NG-L-glutamyl-L-aspartic acid can be found in pulses. This makes NG-L-glutamyl-L-aspartic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an optically active form of 2-(hydroxymethyl)piperidine-3,4,5-triol having 2R,3R,4R,5S-configuration. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, an anti-HIV agent, an anti-obesity agent, a bacterial metabolite, a hypoglycemic agent, a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of catechols that is catechol in which a hydrogen that is ortho to one of the hydroxy groups has been replaced by a methoxy group. It displays agonistic activity against G protein-coupled receptor 35 (GPR35). It has a role as a G-protein-coupled receptor agonist. It is a member of catechols and an aromatic ether. It derives from a pyrogallol. 
it is the meso-form of nordihydroguaiaretic acid. An antioxidant found in the creosote bush, Larrea divaricata, it is a potent lipoxygenase inhibitor that interferes with arachidonic acid metabolism. It also inhibits (though to a lesser extent) formyltetrahydrofolate synthetase, carboxylesterase, and cyclooxygenase. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, a hypoglycemic agent and a metabolite. it is a naturally occurring antioxidant dicatechol originally derived from the creosote bush Larrea divaricatta with antipromoter, anti-inflammatory, and antineoplastic activities. it directly inhibits activation of two receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs), the insulin-like growth factor receptor (IGF-1R) and the c-erbB2/HER2/neu receptor, resulting in decreased proliferation of susceptible tumor cell populations. This agent may induce apoptosis in susceptible tumor cell populations as a result of disruption of the actin cytoskeleton in association with the activation of stress activated protein kinases (SAPKs). In addition, it inhibits arachidonic acid 5-lipoxygenase (5LOX), resulting in diminished synthesis of inflammatory mediators such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. It may prevent leukocyte infiltration into tissues and the release of reactive oxygen species. 
it is the conjugate base of 3-(2,3-dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-(2,3-dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid. 
it is a synthetic, novel, small molecule Hsp90 Inhibitor. As an oral formulation that demonstrates strong efficacy and tolerability, it is positioned as a breakthrough therapy with broad applicability across a wide range of cancers. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 28Â°F. Density about the same as water. Vapors heavier than air. May irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Used for flavoring and as a solvent. 
it is the furanose form of D-fructuronic acid. It derives from a D-fructofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a D-fructofuranuronate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxyquinolones. Hydroxyquinolones are compounds containing a quinoline moiety bearing a hydroxyl group and a ketone. Quinoline or benzo[b]pyridine is a bicyclic compound that consists of benzene fused to a pyridine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid darkening to red-brown on exposure to air. Flash point 175Â°F. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used to make dyes, pharmaceuticals and other chemicals. it is a quinoline compound in which the quinoline skeleton is substituted at C-2 with a methyl group. 
it (also known as KL4 peptide) is a synthetic protein used to mimic human lung surfactant protein B. This protein has a weight of 2469.40.  it is a 21-residue peptide made up of lysine (K) and leucine (L) residues with the sequence KLLLLKLLLLKLLLLKLLLLK (KL4), in aqueous dispersion with the phospholipids DPPC (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine), POPG (palmitoyloleoyl-phosphatidylglycerol), and palmitic acid, to create the drug [lucinactant].  The product was originally developed by the Scripps Research Institute, then licensed to Windtree Therapeutics. Windtree Therapeutics plans a phase III trial for Respiratory distress syndrome in 2018.  Respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) is a major cause of mortality and morbidity in preterm infants. Surfactant replacement therapy has been commonly used to prevent and treat RDS in these newborns and is now a standard of care. First-generation synthetic surfactants that were previously used, such as Exosurf did not contain any surfactant protein. This large disadvantage was overcome with animal-derived surfactant products which contain specific proteins but are limited, but must be derived from animal sources. This has led to the development of newer synthetic surfactants such as lucinactant (Surfaxin), which contains it. Phase 3 clinical trials with Surfaxin show promising results with similar efficacy as animal-derived surfactants while avoiding the use of animal-origin products.  Windtree is currently developing aerosolized KL4 surfactant to treat RDS in premature infants, and thereafter, to potentially address a range of indications in neonatal, pediatric and adult critical care patient populations. 
it is a dihydroxybenzaldehyde that is 2,4-dihydroxybenzaldehyde which is substituted by a methyl group at position e and by a at positions 3 and 4-hydroxy-2-oxopentyl group at position 6. A fungal metabolite isolated from Pseudobotrytis and Aspergillus niger (stereochemistry not been determined). It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzaldehyde, a beta-hydroxy ketone and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a phosphocholine that is the 4-nitrophenyl ester of choline phosphate. It has a role as an epitope and a hapten. 
2, 2, 4-Trimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane, also known as 1, 2-isopropylidenepropanediol or 1, 2-propanediol acetonide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketals. These are acetals derived from ketones by replacement of the oxo group by two hydrocarbyloxy groups R2C(OR)2 ( R not Hydrogen ). This term, once abandoned, has been reinstated as a subclass of acetals. 2, 2, 4-Trimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 2, 4-trimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 2, 4-trimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane can be found in garden tomato. This makes 2, 2, 4-trimethyl-1, 3-dioxolane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A cardiac glycoside sometimes used in place of DIGOXIN. It has a longer half-life than digoxin; toxic effects, which are similar to those of digoxin, are longer lasting. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p665) 
it appears as a colorless liquid or a gas (boiling point 62Â°F) with an odor of ammonia. Flash point less than 0Â°F. Density of liquid 5.7 lb / gal. Corrosive to the skin and eyes. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Exposure of the closed container to intense heat may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. it is a two-carbon primary aliphatic amine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an ethylaminium. 
it is a hydroxy-amino acid that is lysine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It is a hydroxy-amino acid, a lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
3, 4-Dihydro-5-propanoyl-2H-pyrrole, also known as 1-pyrroline, 2-propanoyl or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolines. Pyrrolines are compounds containing a pyrroline ring, which is a five-member unsaturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom and four carbon atoms. 3, 4-Dihydro-5-propanoyl-2H-pyrrole is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 4-dihydro-5-propanoyl-2H-pyrrole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3, 4-Dihydro-5-propanoyl-2H-pyrrole has a fishy and roasted taste. 
it is an imidazobenzodiazepine that is midazolam which is substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It is the minor hydroxylated metabolite of the anesthetic, midazolam. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is an imidazobenzodiazepine, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an organochlorine compound and an organic hydroxy compound. It derives from a midazolam. 
it is a colorless to yellow slightly viscous liquid with an ethereal odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a secondary alcohol that is isopropanol in which one hydrogen of each methyl group is substituted by a chlorine. A liquid at room temperature (melting point -4â„ƒ, boiling point 174â„ƒ at 760 mm Hg), it is used as a solvent for hard resins and nitrocellulose. It has a role as a protic solvent and a cross-linking reagent. It is a secondary alcohol and an organochlorine compound. 
it is an iodothyronine compound having iodo substituents at the 3-, 3'- and 5-positions. Although some is produced in the thyroid, most of the it in the body is generated by mono-deiodination of L-thyroxine in the peripheral tissues. Its metabolic activity is about 3 to 5 times that of L-thyroxine. The sodium salt is used in the treatment of hypothyroidism. It has a role as a thyroid hormone, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an iodophenol, a 2-halophenol and an iodothyronine. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,3',5-triiodo-L-thyroninate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a therapeutic formulation of the primary physiologically active form of endogenous thyroid hormone. In vivo, it enters the nucleus and binds to nuclear thyroid hormone receptors that subsequently bind to thyroid response elements (TREs) located in target genes. Receptor binding by it in combination with recruited coactivators results in maximal transcriptional activation after binding to TREs; in general, binding of thyroid hormone receptor alone to TREs leads to repression of gene transcription (NCI04) 
it is a capric acid derivative carrying an oxo group at position 10. It is an oxo monocarboxylic acid, an aldehydic acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and an omega-oxo fatty acid. It derives from a decanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 10-oxocaprate. 
Odoratol is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is dihydrochalcone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2', methoxy groups at positions 4 and 4' and a hydroxy group at position alpha- to the ketonic group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a monomethoxybenzene, a member of phenols, a diol and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
it is a 3-hydroxybutane-1,2,3-tricarboxylic acid which has (2S,3R) configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (2S,3R)-3-hydroxybutane-1,2,3-tricarboxylate. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is anthranilic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a methoxy group. It is a metabolite of kynurenine. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a member of benzoic acids and an aminobenzoic acid. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-methoxyanthranilate. 
it is a semisynthetic cephamycin antibiotic which, in addition to the methoxy group at the 7alpha position, has 2-thienylacetamido and carbamoyloxymethyl side-groups. It is resistant to beta-lactamase. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin, a semisynthetic derivative, a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen and a cephamycin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, second-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a perchlorometallate anion having six chlorines and rhodium(IV) as the metal component. It is a perchlorometallate anion and an iridium coordination entity. 
Di-it is an oily colorless liquid with a slight ester odor. Denser than water. Insoluble in water. Low toxicity. it is a phthalate ester that is the diester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with two molecules of isobutanol. It has a role as a plasticiser, a teratogenic agent and a PPAR modulator. It is a phthalate ester and a diester. It derives from an isobutanol. 
Isosulfan Blue is a synthetic visual lymphatic imaging agent. Injected into the periphery of the tumor site, isosulfan blue localizes to the lymphatic system and aids in the surgical identification of tumor sentinel nodes which stain blue. (NCI04) 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid consisting of pimelic acid substituted at positions 2 and 4 by oxo and hydroxy groups respectively. It derives from a pimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-2-oxoheptanedioate. It is a tautomer of a 2,4-dihydroxyhept-2-enedioic acid. 
it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is obtained by formal dehydration at the 17-position of estradiol. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 
Dimethylthiophosphate, also known as O, O-dimethyl phosphorothionate or O, O-dimethylthiophosphoric acid, is classified as a member of the thiophosphoric acid esters. Thiophosphoric acid esters are organic compounds containing the thiophosphoric acid functional group or a derivative thereof, with the general structure ROP(OR')(OR'')=S, where at least one R-group is an organyl group. Dimethylthiophosphate is considered to be slightly soluble (in water) and acidic. (ChemoSummarizer). 
4-Ethyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole, also known as 2, 5-dimethyl-4-ethylthiazole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 4-Ethyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Ethyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole can be found in coffee and coffee products, mushrooms, potato, and tea. This makes 4-ethyl-2, 5-dimethylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2, 3-Dihydroxy-2-methylbutanoic acid, also known as 2, 3-dimethylglyceric acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxy fatty acids. These are fatty acids in which the chain bears a hydroxyl group. 2, 3-Dihydroxy-2-methylbutanoic acid is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2, 3-Dihydroxy-2-methylbutanoic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2, 3-dihydroxy-2-methylbutanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, 2, 3-dihydroxy-2-methylbutanoic acid can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes 2, 3-dihydroxy-2-methylbutanoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by bromine. Synthetic brominated derivative and structural analog of pyruvic acid. Highly reactive alkylating agent. Anti-cancer drug It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an organobromine compound. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-bromopyruvate. 
it, also known as 2-(methylsulfanyl)propane or 3-methyl-2-thiabutane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylthioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by two alkyl groups. Within the cell, 2-(methylthio)propane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as T-2 tetraol or T 2 toxin tetraol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a galloyl-beta-D-glucose compound having a galloyl group at the 1-position. It is a gallate ester and a galloyl beta-D-glucose. 
it is a beta-ocimene that consists of octa-1,3,6-triene bearing two methyl substituents at positions 3 and 7 (the 3Z-isomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it appears as pale yellow crystals. One of the most highly fluorescent substances. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of 9-aminoacridine and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an antiseptic drug and a mutagen. It contains a 9-aminoacridine(1+). 
Soda lime, solid is generally a white to grayish white colored solid. It is the mixture of calcium hydroxide and sodium or potassium hydroxide, both corrosive materials. It is noncombustible and soluble in water with release of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is an iron coordination entity and an organic anion. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It contains an enterobactin(6-). It is a conjugate base of a ferrienterobactin. 
A synthetic progestational hormone without significant estrogenic or androgenic properties. It was formerly used as the progestational component in SEQUENTIAL ORAL CONTRACEPTIVE AGENTS . 
(S)-it is the (S)-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an EC 2.6.1.19 (4-aminobutyrate--2-oxoglutarate transaminase) inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-it. 
it, also known as gama-valerolactone or 2-methyl-4-butanolide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, dihydro-3-methyl-2(3H)-furanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, dihydro-3-methyl-2(3H)-furanone can be found in fruits. This makes dihydro-3-methyl-2(3H)-furanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 1-(2-propylpentanoate or dipropylacetate glucuronide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glucuronides. These are glucuronides in which the aglycone is linked to the carbohydrate unit through an O-glycosidic bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it and uridine 5'-diphosphate can be biosynthesized from valproic acid and uridine diphosphate glucuronic acid through the action of the enzyme UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 1-3. In humans, it is involved in the valproic Acid metabolism pathway. 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is benzoic acid substituted by a hydroxy at position C-2 and a sulfo group at C-5. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an arenesulfonic acid, a member of benzoic acids and a member of phenols. It derives from a benzoic acid and a phenol. 
it is a potent angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a red to dark red powder. Copper and iron dull color; iron to a greater extent. (NTP, 1992) 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer. it is a water-soluble prodrug derived from the African bush willow (Combretum caffrum) with antineoplastic activity. it is dephosphorylated to its active metabolite, combretastatin A4, which binds to tubulin and inhibits microtubule polymerization, resulting in mitotic arrest and apoptosis in endothelial cells. As apoptotic endothelial cells detach from their substrata, tumor blood vessels collapse; the acute disruption of tumor blood flow may result in tumor necrosis. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-asparagine and L-proline joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-proline. 
Carpaine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as macrolides and analogues. These are organic compounds containing a lactone ring of at least twelve members. Carpaine exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, carpaine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, carpaine can be found in fenugreek, fruits, and papaya. This makes carpaine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of chromenyliums that is chromenylium with a phenyl substituent at position 2. It derives from a chromenylium. 
it appears as white crystals or off-white powder. Pungent, acrid odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a dithiocarbamic ester that is 1,3,5-thiadiazinane with a thione moiety at position 2 and in which the hydrogens attached to the nitrogens are replaced by methyl groups. A fungicide, herbicide and nematicide, it is used prior to sowing or planting for the control of soil fungi, nematodes, bacteria and germinating weeds, and as fumigant for poultry litter and eggs to control Salmonella. It is a non-ozone-depleting alternative to methyl bromide. It has a role as a herbicide, a nematicide, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dithiocarbamic ester and a thiadiazinane. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a delta-amino acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an oxo monocarboxylic acid that is oxoacetic acid substituted by a (2,6-diethylphenyl)(methoxymethyl)amino group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the herbicide alachlor. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is an oxo monocarboxylic acid, an ether and an aromatic amide. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is suberic acid which oxo groups replace the hydrogens at positions 3 and 5. It is an abnormal metabolite of the tyrosine metabolic pathway and a marker for type 1 tyrosinaemia. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid and a beta-diketone. 
it is a N-arylpiperazine that is piperazine carrying a 3-chlorophenyl substituent at position 1. It is a metabolite of the antidepressant drug trazodone. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a serotonergic agonist, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a N-arylpiperazine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a fluorocarbon that is decalin in which every hydrogen is replaced by fluorine. Capable of dissolving large quantities of oxygen, it has been used as the basis of an artificial blood substitute. It has a role as a blood substitute and a solvent. It derives from a hydride of a decalin. 
Isorhamnetin 3-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside is a glycosyloxyflavone that is isorhamnetin substituted at position 3 by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a monosaccharide derivative, a glycosyloxyflavone, a monomethoxyflavone, a trihydroxyflavone and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from an isorhamnetin and a beta-D-glucose. 
it, also known as 2, 2-df-ctp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidones. Pyrimidones are compounds that contain a pyrimidine ring, which bears a ketone. Pyrimidine is a 6-membered ring consisting of four carbon atoms and two nitrogen centers at the 1- and 3- ring positions. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it can be biosynthesized from gemcitabine diphosphate; which is mediated by the enzyme nucleoside diphosphate kinase a. In humans, it is involved in the gemcitabine action pathway and the gemcitabine metabolism pathway. 
it is a pyrimidone that is thymine in which the hydrogen at position 6 is substituted by a 1,3-dihydroxyisobutyl group. It derives from a thymine. 
it is an aporphine alkaloid that is aporphine which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 11, and by methoxy groups at positions 2 and 10 (the S enantiomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an aporphine alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. 
it is a white to nearly white crystalline powder; practically odorless. Used as an anti neoplastic drug, chemosterilant for insects. (EPA, 1998) it is a nucleobase analogue that is uracil in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by fluorine. It is an antineoplastic agent which acts as an antimetabolite - following conversion to the active deoxynucleotide, it inhibits DNA synthesis (by blocking the conversion of deoxyuridylic acid to thymidylic acid by the cellular enzyme thymidylate synthetase) and so slows tumour growth. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a radiosensitizing agent, an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent and an antimetabolite. It is a nucleobase analogue and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a uracil. it is an antimetabolite fluoropyrimidine analog of the nucleoside pyrimidine with antineoplastic activity. it and its metabolites possess a number of different mechanisms of action. In vivo, fluoruracil is converted to the active metabolite 5-fluoroxyuridine monophosphate (F-UMP); replacing uracil, F-UMP incorporates into RNA and inhibits RNA processing, thereby inhibiting cell growth. Another active metabolite, 5-5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-O-monophosphate (F-dUMP), inhibits thymidylate synthase, resulting in the depletion of thymidine triphosphate (TTP), one of the four nucleotide triphosphates used in the in vivo synthesis of DNA. Other it metabolites incorporate into both RNA and DNA; incorporation into RNA results in major effects on both RNA processing and functions. 
it is a hydroxyalkyl phosphate obtained by monophosphorylation of ethylene glycol. It is a hydroxyalkyl phosphate and a monoalkyl phosphate. It derives from an ethylene glycol. 
it is the acetate salt form of histrelin, a long-acting, synthetic nonapeptide analog of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) with potential anti-tumor activity. Upon administration, histrelin binds to and activates GnRH receptors; prolonged administration results in pituitary GnRH receptor desensitization and inhibition of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) secretion, leading to a significant decline in testosterone production in males and may inhibit androgen receptor-positive tumor progression; in females, prolonged administration results in decreased estradiol production. 
Dilaudid is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. it is the hydrochloride salt form of hydromorphone, the hydrogenated ketone of morphine, a semi-synthetic opioid with analgesic effects. Hydromorphone selectively binds the mu-opioid receptor which is linked through G-proteins. Binding stimulates the exchange of guanosine triphosphate (GTP) for guanosine diphosphate (GDP) on the G-protein complex and interacts with and inhibits adenylate cyclase located at the inner surface of the plasma membrane. This leads to a reduction in intracellular cyclic 3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Further, voltage-gated potassium channels are activated, thereby causing hyperpolarization and reducing neuronal excitability. In addition, the opening of voltage-gated calcium channels is inhibited, thereby leading to an inhibition of calcium entry and a reduction in the release of various neurotransmitters, including GABA, vasopressin, somatostatin, insulin and glucagons. 
it, also known as homoproline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidines. Pyrrolidines are compounds containing a pyrrolidine ring, which is a five-membered saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one nitrogen atom and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-pyrrolidineacetic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-pyrrolidineacetic acid can be found in tea. This makes 2-pyrrolidineacetic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Quinidine D-gluconate is a D-gluconate adduct. It derives from a quinidine. it is the gluconate salt form of quinidine, an alkaloid with antimalarial and antiarrhythmic (Class la) properties. it exerts its anti-malarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the hemepolymer (hemozoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. it exerts its antiarrhythmic effects by depressing the flow of sodium ions into cells during phase 0 of the cardiac action potential, thereby slowing the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node, reducing the maximal rate of phase 0 depolarization and prolonging the refractory period. it also reduces the slope of phase 4 depolarization in Purkinje-fibres resulting in slowed conduction and reduced automaticity in the heart. 
(R)-1, 3-Octanediol, also known as octane-1, 3-diol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, (R)-1, 3-octanediol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule (R)-1, 3-Octanediol is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa) (R)-1, 3-Octanediol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (R)-1, 3-octanediol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (R)-1, 3-octanediol can be found in pomes. This makes (R)-1, 3-octanediol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it (it), an acyloxyalkyl ester prodrug of butyric acid (BA), exhibited low toxicity and significant anticancer activity in vitro and in vivo. It shows greater potency than BA at inducing malignant cell differentiation and tumor growth inhibition and has demonstrated more favorable toxicological, pharmacological, and pharmaceutical properties than BA in preclinical studies. 
3-Acetyl-2, 7-naphthyridine, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthyridines. Naphthyridines are compounds containing a naphthyridine moiety, a naphthalene in which a carbon atom has been replaced by a nitrogen in each of the two rings. The naphthyridine skeleton can also be described as an assembly two fused pyridine rings, which do not share their nitrogen atom. 3-Acetyl-2, 7-naphthyridine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-acetyl-2, 7-naphthyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-acetyl-2, 7-naphthyridine can be found in fats and oils, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes 3-acetyl-2, 7-naphthyridine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Non-small Cell Lung Cancer and Metastatic Colorectal Cancer. it is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic and anti-angiogenic activities. Upon administration, anlotininib targets multiple RTKs, including vascular endothelial growth factor receptor type 2 (VEGFR2) and type 3 (VEGFR3). This agent may both inhibit angiogenesis and halt tumor cell growth. 
it is an aromatic ether that is 1,4-dimethoxybenzene which is substituted at position 2 by a 2-amino-1-hydroxyethyl group. The immediate and active metabolite of midrodine, it is a direct-acting sympathomimetic with selective alpha-adrenergic agonist activity. Midrodine is used (generally as its hydrochloride salt) as a prodrug for deglymidodrine, which acts as a peripheral vasoconstrictor in the treatment of certain hypotensive states. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent and a vasoconstrictor agent. It is an aromatic ether, a secondary alcohol and a primary amino compound. 
Ammonium tartrate is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used to manufacture fabrics and in medicine. 
it appears as black crystals or a reddish brown oily liquid with a pungent odor. Melting point 27Â°C (alpha form) or 14Â°C (beta form). Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pineapple-like odor. Flash point 78Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a butyrate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of ethanol with the carboxy group of butyric acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an ethanol. 
9,10-dimethoxy-3-isobutyl-1,3,4,6,7,11b-hexahydro-2H-pyrido[2,1-a]isoquinolin-2-one is a benzoquinolizine that is 1,2,3,4,4a,9,10,10a-octahydrophenanthrene in which the carbon at position 10a is replaced by a nitrogen and which is substituted by an isobutyl group at position 2, an oxo group at position 3, and methoxy groups at positions 6 and 7. It is a benzoquinolizine, a cyclic ketone and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a 9H-purine that is substituted by a (2-hydroxyethyl)nitrilo, benzylnitrilo and a methyl group at positions 2,6 and 9, respectively. It is a cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of 2,6-diaminopurines and a member of ethanolamines. 
it is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called anticancer antibiotics. it is an N-methyl derivative of the antineoplastic antibiotic mitomycin C isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces ardus and other Streptomyces bacterial species. Bioreduced it generates oxygen radicals and alkylates DNA, producing interstrand cross-links and single-strand breaks, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis. it is preferentially toxic to hypoxic cells. (NCI04) 
it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione having a carboxymethyl group at the 5-position. It derives from a hydantoin. It is a conjugate acid of a L-5-carboxylatomethylhydantoin(1-). 
it appears as needles or chunky light peach powder. Has an odor of vanilla beans. (NTP, 1992) it is a dimethoxybenzene that is benzaldehyde substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3 and 4. It is found in peppermint, ginger, raspberry, and other fruits. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a dimethoxybenzene. 
it is a member of the class of acridines that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydroacridine substituted by an amino group at position 9. It is used in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is a member of acridines and an aromatic amine. 
it is a synthetic co-substrate that activates the human endogenous enzyme NRH:quinone oxidoreductase 2 (NQO2) with potential chemoadjuvant activity. When it is administered simultaneously with the prodrug tretazicar, NQO2 converts tretazicar to the bifunctional alkylating agent dinitrobenzamide, which is capable of forming a high degree of DNA interstrand cross-links, resulting in the inhibition of DNA replication and the induction of apoptosis. NQO2 has been found to be over-expressed in cancers such as hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), colorectal and ovarian cancers. 
it is indoline substituted with hydroxy groups at C-5 and -6 and a carboxy group at C-2, and with S stereochemistry at C-2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of indoles and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 
An isotonic solution; the base contains SODIUM CHLORIDE; POTASSIUM CHLORIDE; and CALCIUM CHLORIDE. Other chemicals, such as SODIUM BICARBONATE or acetate salts may be added, as needed for pH buffering, or as an energy source. 
it is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 26-hydroxy steroid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it appears as a yellowish white crystalline solid. Noncombustible but will accelerate the burning of combustible material. If large quantities are involved in a fire or if the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. If contaminated by ammonium compounds, spontaneous decomposition can occur and the resulting heat may ignite surrounding combustible material. Prolonged exposure heat may result in an explosion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. Used as a food preservative, and to make other chemicals. it is an inorganic sodium salt having nitrite as the counterion. Used as a food preservative and antidote to cyanide poisoning. It has a role as an antimicrobial food preservative, an antihypertensive agent, a food antioxidant, a poison and an antidote to cyanide poisoning. It is a nitrite salt and an inorganic sodium salt. 
it is a coumarin-derived antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces niveus. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a hepatoprotective agent. It is a hexoside, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a monosaccharide derivative, a hydroxycoumarin, an ether, a carbamate ester and a member of phenols. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is an aminocoumarin antibiotic, produced by the actinomycete Streptomyces nivens, with antibacterial property. it, as well as other aminocoumarin antibiotics, inhibits bacterial DNA synthesis by targeting at the bacteria DNA gyrase and the related enzyme DNA topoisomerase IV. This antibiotic was used to treat infections by gram-positive bacteria. 
(4-hydroxyphenyl)acetaldehyde is an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde and a member of phenylacetaldehydes. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infection, AIDS-related Kaposi Sarcoma, Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. it is a chemically-modified tetracycline with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs), thereby inducing extracellular matrix degradation, and inhibiting angiogenesis, tumor growth and invasion, and metastasis. This agent also causes mitochondrial depolarization in tumor cells and induces both cellular apoptosis and tissue necrosis. 
it is the cyclic anhydride of triphosphoric acid. It is a phosphorus oxoacid, an inorganic heterocyclic compound and a cyclic phosphorus acid anhydride. It is a conjugate acid of a cyclotriphosphate(3-). 
Methylprednisone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Renal Transplantation, Kidney Transplantation, and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others. 
it is an ester analog of rapamycin. it binds to and inhibits the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), resulting in decreased expression of mRNAs necessary for cell cycle progression and arresting cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. mTOR is a serine/threonine kinase which plays a role in the PI3K/AKT pathway that is upregulated in some tumors. 
it is an anthranilate obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 5-nitroanthranilic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 5-nitroanthranilic acid. 
2, 2, 9-Trimethyldecane, also known as (C16-C18) alkyl alcohol or cetyl-stearyl alcohol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. 2, 2, 9-Trimethyldecane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 2, 9-trimethyldecane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 2, 9-trimethyldecane can be found in fruits. This makes 2, 2, 9-trimethyldecane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the lactate form of amsacrine, an aminoacridine analog and topoisomerase II inhibitor, with antineoplastic activity. Although the exact relationship between DNA binding and its activity has yet to be fully elucidated, amsacrine intercalates DNA through its acridine moiety, and its nonintercalative headgroup impedes topoisomerase II activity, augmenting enzyme-mediated DNA cleavage and resulting in DNA double-strand breaks. This ultimately induces programmed cell death. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid having the skeleton of abietane with double bonds at C-7 and C-13 and a hydroxy function at C-18. It derives from a hydride of an abieta-7,13-diene. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is chromane substituted by a phenyl substituent at position 3. 
it is an omega-carboxyacyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with one of the carboxy groups of oxalic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from an oxalic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(5-). 
it is a pentavalent arsenical compound with antiprotozoal and antihelmintic properties. Although its mechanism of action is not fully known, it may bind to protein-containing sulfhydryl groups located in the parasite, thereby forming lethal As-S bonds. This may prevent their functioning and eventually kill the parasite. 
it is a hexadecatrienoic acid having Z double bonds at positions 7, 10 and 13. It is a hexadecatrienoic acid and an omega-3 fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (7Z,10Z,13Z)-hexadecatrienoate. 
it appears as odorless or almost odorless white to off-white crystalline solid. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. An antineoplastic used in the treatment of chronic myeloid leukaemia as well as for sickle-cell disease. It has a role as a DNA synthesis inhibitor, an EC 1.17.4.1 (ribonucleoside-diphosphate reductase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a genotoxin, an antimetabolite, a teratogenic agent, a radical scavenger, an immunomodulator and an antimitotic. It is a member of ureas and a one-carbon compound. it is a monohydroxyl-substituted urea (hydroxycarbamate) antimetabolite. it selectively inhibits ribonucleoside diphosphate reductase, an enzyme required to convert ribonucleoside diphosphates into deoxyribonucleoside diphosphates, thereby preventing cells from leaving the G1/S phase of the cell cycle. This agent also exhibits radiosensitizing activity by maintaining cells in the radiation-sensitive G1 phase and interfering with DNA repair. (NCI04) 
it is a colorless liquid with a faint odor of alcohol. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a long-chain fatty alcohol that is pentadecane in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it is investigated in clinical trials for treating cancer/tumors. it is a solid. it blocks and destroys tumor vasculature, resulting in extensive tumor cell death and necrosis. it (combretastatin A1 di-phosphate / it) is a unique and highly potent, dual-mechanism vascular disrupting agent (VDA). In addition, however, preclinical data demonstrates that it is metabolized by oxidative enzymes (e.g., tyrosinase and peroxidases), which are elevated in many solid tumors and tumor infiltrates, to an orthoquinone chemical species that has direct cytotoxic effects on tumor cells. Preclinical studies have demonstrated that it has (i) single-agent activity against a range of xenograft tumor models; and (ii) synergistic or additive effects when incorporated in various combination regimens with chemotherapy, molecularly-targeted therapies (including tumor-angiogenesis inhibitors), and radiation therapy. Combretastatin A1 Diphosphate is the diphosphate prodrug of the stilbenoid combretastatin A1, originally isolated from the plant Combretum caffrum, with vascular-disrupting and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, combretastatin A1 diphosphate (it) is dephosphorylated to the active metabolite combretastatin A1 (CA1), which promotes rapid microtubule depolymerization; endothelial cell mitotic arrest and apoptosis, destruction of the tumor vasculature, disruption of tumor blood flow and tumor cell necrosis may ensue. In addition, orthoquinone intermediates, metabolized from combretastatin A1 by oxidative enzymes found to be elevated in some tumor types, may bind to tumor cell thiol-specific antioxidant proteins and DNA, and stimulate oxidative stress by enhancing superoxide/hydrogen peroxide production. CA1 binds to tubulin at the same site as colchicine but with higher affinity. 
it is a synthetic derivative of staurosporine with antineoplastic activity. it inhibits many phosphokinases, including the serine/threonine kinase AKT, calcium-dependent protein kinase C, and cyclin-dependent kinases. This agent arrests tumor cells in the G1/S of the cell cycle and prevents nucleotide excision repair by inhibiting the G2 checkpoint kinase chk1, resulting in apoptosis. (NCI04) 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (4R)-4-hydroxypentanoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). It is a metabolite of the nematodes Caenorhabditis elegans and Pristionchus pacificus. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a (4R)-4-hydroxypentanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it, also known as p-a dipeptide or pro-ala, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a fatty amide of myristic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a primary carboxamide and a primary fatty amide. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 
Peonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside is an anthocyanin cation that is the 3-O-beta-D-glucoside of peonidin (methylcyanidin). It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is an anthocyanin cation, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a peonidin. It is a conjugate acid of a peonidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside betaine. 
it is a beta-amino acid comprising propionic acid having amino and 4-hydroxyphenyl groups attached at the 3-position. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-amino-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)propanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoxazolones. These are organic compounds containing a benzene fused to an oxazole ring (a five-member aliphatic ring with three carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and one nitrogen atom) bearing a ketone group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 5-chloro-6-methoxy-2(3H)-benzoxazolone can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes 5-chloro-6-methoxy-2(3H)-benzoxazolone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
its is a group of trihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acids that are the 6,7-diastereoisomers of 3alpha,6,7-trihydroxy-5beta-cholan-24-oic acid. It is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a bile acid, a 6-hydroxy steroid, a 7-hydroxy steroid, a trihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a C24-steroid. 
Thujone is a thujane monoterpenoid that is thujane substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a thujane monoterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. 
Testosterone 17-glucosiduronic acid is a steroid glucosiduronic that is testosterone carrying a glucosiduronic acid residue at position 17. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 3-oxo steroid, a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, an enone and a steroid glucosiduronic acid. It derives from a testosterone. It is a conjugate acid of a testosterone 17-O-(beta-D-glucuronide)(1-). 
it is a diterpenoid that is aconitine bearing a 10-hydroxy substituent. It derives from an aconitine. It derives from a hydride of an aconitane. 
L-it is an amino aldehyde that is L-tyrosine in which the carboxy group has undergone formal redution to give the corrresponding aldehyde It is an amino aldehyde, a member of phenols and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a L-it(1+). 
it is a yellowish-reddish, aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of six fused rings and produced by incomplete combustion of organic matter. it is primarily found in gasoline exhaust, tobacco smoke and fossil fuels. This substance is used only for research purposes. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
Iodipamide dimeglumine is an organoammonium salt obtained by reaction of adipiodone with two equivalents of 1-deoxy-1-(methylamino)-D-glucitol. It is a contrast agent used in diagnostic imaging. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. It contains an adipiodone(2-). Iodipamide Meglumine is the meglumine salt form of iodipamide, a tri-iodinated benzoate derivative and an ionic dimeric contrast agent used in diagnostic imaging. When administered in vivo, iodipamide is removed from the liver and secreted into the biliary tract. Like other organic iodine compounds, this agent blocks x-ray and appears opaque on x-ray film; thereby it enhances the visibility of the bile ducts and gallbladder during cholangiography and cholecystography procedures. 
it dye is an organic lithium salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it anion. It derives from a 4-amino-1,8-naphthalimide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranones and derivatives. Pyranones and derivatives are compounds containing a pyran ring which bears a ketone. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in garlic, onion-family vegetables, and soft-necked garlic. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a bicoumarin that is 7-hydroxy-4-methoxy-5-methyl-2H-chromen-2-one substituted by a 7-hydroxy-4-methoxy-5-methyl-2-oxo-2H-chromen-6-yl group at position 8. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
N-arachidonoyl-gamma-aminobutyric acid is an N-acyl-gamma-aminobutyric acid resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of gamma-aminobutyric acid with the carboxy group of arachidonic acid. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a fatty amide and a N-acyl-gamma-aminobutyric acid. It derives from an arachidonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-arachidonoyl-gamma-aminobutyrate. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides that is benzamide substituted by a chloro group at position 4 and a 2-(morpholin-4-yl)ethyl group at the nitrogen atom. It acts as a reversible monoamine oxidase inhibitor and is used in the treatment of depression. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antidepressant. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of morpholines and a member of benzamides. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cabbage, green, and sulfurous taste. 
it is a synthetic trans-3,4-dimethyl-4-(3-hydroxyphenyl) piperidine with peripherally selective opioid mu receptor antagonist activity. it is a selective and competitive antagonist at mu-opioid receptors, found in myenteric and submucosal neurons and the immune cells of the lamina propria in the human gut. Upon administration, this agent binds to mu-opioid receptors in the gut, thereby reversing opioid-related disturbances in gut motility. it is approximately three to nine times more potent than naloxone. 
it is a beta-diketone that is curcumin in which one of the methoxy groups is replaced by hydrogen. It is found in Curcuma zedoaria and Etlingera elatior. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a polyphenol, a beta-diketone, an enone and a diarylheptanoid. 
it is the essential oil of Achillea millefolium, the yarrow plant. Yarrow oil has activities that can be beneficial to the nervous, genitourinary and digestive systems, and can be used topically for skin care. 
Tauro-b-muricholic acid, also known as tauro-beta-muricholate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as taurinated bile acids and derivatives. These are bile acid derivatives containing a taurine conjugated to the bile acid moiety. Tauro-b-muricholic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Tauro-b-muricholic acid has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, tauro-b-muricholic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a xyloside that is beta-D-xylopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 4-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a xyloside and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-asparagine and L-serine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-serine. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of hypobromous acid. It is a bromine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hypobromous acid. 
it, also known as 3-propyl-2-methyl pyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a nutty taste. 
it is a pyrrolopyrimidine obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (6S)-4-oxo-4,6,7,8-tetrahydropyrrolo[1,2-a]pyrimidine-6-carboxylic acid with the amino group of (R)-[(2R,5S)-5-(4-aminobenzyl)pyrrolidin-2-yl](phenyl)methanol. It is a beta3-adrenergic receptor agonist currently in clinical development for the treatment of patients with overactive bladder. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist. It is a secondary alcohol, a member of pyrrolidines, a member of benzenes, a secondary carboxamide, a pyrrolopyrimidine and a secondary amine. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 3-chloro-4-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a major chlorinated metabolite of chlorotyrosine. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is perfluorinated hexanoic acid. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It derives from a hexanoic acid. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is the the conjugate acid of carnitine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a gamma-amino-beta-hydroxybutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a carnitine. 
A key intermediate in carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a precursor of glycogen, can be metabolized into UDPgalactose and UDPglucuronic acid which can then be incorporated into polysaccharides as galactose and glucuronic acid. Also serves as a precursor of sucrose lipopolysaccharides, and glycosphingolipids. 
it is a carboxybiphenyl that is [biphenyl]-3-carboxylic acid carrying a (2-{[(2R)-2-(3-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxyethyl]amino}ethyl)nitrilo group at the 3' position. A selective beta3-adrenergic receptor agonist currently in clinical development for the treatment of overactive bladder and irritable bowel syndrome. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist. It is a secondary alcohol, a substituted aniline, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a secondary amino compound and a carboxybiphenyl. 
its appears as a clear colorless liquid mixture of isomeric six-carbon alcohols with similar chemical properties. Vapors are heavier than air. Used to make pharmaceuticals and as a solvent. it is a primary alcohol that is hexane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and a hexanol. 
it is a secondary amino compound that is ammonia in which two of the hydrogens are substituted by cyanomethyl groups. It is a dinitrile, a secondary amino compound and an aliphatic nitrile. It derives from an acetonitrile. 
it is a tricosenoic acid having a double bond at position 22. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a tricosanoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavan-4-ols. These are flavans that bear and hydroxyl group at position 4 (B ring), but not at the 3-position. Thus, luteoforol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, luteoforol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, luteoforol can be found in cereals and cereal products, corn, and fats and oils. This makes luteoforol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls that is catechol in which the hydrogen at position 3 is replaced by a p-chlorophenyl group. It is a diol, a member of catechols, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of hydroxybiphenyls. It derives from a biphenyl-2,3-diol and a 4-chlorobiphenyl. 
it is under investigation for the prevention of Outcomes, Survival Rates, and Cytomegalovirus Disease. it has been investigated for the prevention and treatment of CMV, Adenovirus, BK Virus (BKV), Adenoviruses (AdV), and Epstein-Barr (EBV), among others.  it is an oral antiviral drug candidate for the treatment of smallpox infections and complications resulting from smallpox vaccine. It is a lipid mimic of cidofovir formed by linking a lipid 3-hexadecyloxy-1-propanol, to the phosphonate group of cidofovir. it is designed to cross cellular membranes by passive diffusion (vida supra, Phospholipid Mimics Designed to Facilitate Uptake in the Small Intestine). Uptake by this mechanism should be more efficient and lead to a more rapid accumulation of cidofovir in the cytoplasm of the target cell. Once it has reached the cytoplasm, CDV is phosphorylated by host cell nucleoside kinases to form the active antiviral agent cidofovir diphosphate. it is an alkoxyalkyl ester prodrug containing the synthetic, acyclic nucleoside monophosphate analog cidofovir linked, through its phosphonate group, to a lipid, 3-hexadecyloxy-1-propanol, with antiviral activity against double-stranded DNA viruses. Upon oral administration, it crosses the intestinal wall and penetrates target viral-infected cells before being cleaved to the free antiviral agent cidofovir. In turn, cidofovir is phosphorylated by pyruvate kinases to its active metabolite cidofovir diphosphate. Cidofovir diphosphate, bearing structural similarity to nucleotides, competes with deoxycytosine-5-triphosphate (dCTP) for viral DNA polymerase and gets incorporated into the growing viral DNA strands. As a result, it prevents further DNA polymerization and disrupts DNA replication of viruses. Compared to cidofovir, which is given intravenously, it shows better oral bioavailability, less toxicity and enhanced cellular penetration. 
it is pantetheine 4'-phosphate with D (R) configuration at the 2' position. It has a role as a prosthetic group. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an ethyl 2-(methylamino)-1-phenylcyclohex-3-ene-1-carboxylate that is ent-dextilidine in which one of the methyl groups attached to the nitrogen is replaced by hydrogen. ent-Dextilidine is metabolised to it by the liver. It has a role as a drug metabolite and a NMDA receptor antagonist. It is an enantiomer of a (1S,2R)-it. 
it is a thiol and a phosphopantetheine. It has a role as a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a pantetheine 4'-phosphate(2-). 
it is an ellagitannin isolated from the dried flower buds of Eugenia caryophyllata. It exhibits alpha-glucosidase inhibitory activity and antiviral activity against acyclovir and phosphonoacetic acid (PAA)-resistant herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) as well as the wild-type HSV-1. It has a role as an antifungal agent, an anti-HSV-1 agent, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a lactone, a beta-D-glucoside, an ellagitannin and a gallate ester. It derives from a gallic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tellimagrandin II(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyruvic acid derivatives. Phenylpyruvic acid derivatives are compounds containing a phenylpyruvic acid moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted at the second position by an pyruvic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a small molecule with potential antineoplastic and antiangiogenic activities. it binds to and inhibits nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (NMPRTase), inhibiting the biosynthesis of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+) from niacinamide (vitamin B3), which may deplete energy reserves in metabolically active tumor cells and induce tumor cell apoptosis. In addition, this agent may inhibit tumor cell production of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), resulting in the inhibition of tumor angiogenesis. The coenzyme NAD+ plays an essential role in cellular redox reactions, including the redox reaction linking the citric acid cycle and oxidative phosphorylation. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is a hexa-oxygenated 6,7-guaianolide isolated fron the roots of Thapsia garganica L., Apiaceae. A potent skin irritant, it is used in traditional medicine as a counter-irritant. it inhibits Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase mediated uptake of calcium ions into sarcoplasmic reticulum and is used in experimentation examining the impacts of increasing cytosolic calcium concentrations. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.8 (Ca(2+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor and a calcium channel blocker. It is a sesquiterpene lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a butyrate ester. 
Surugatoxin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pteridines and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a pteridine moiety, which consists of a pyrimidine fused to a pyrazine ring to form pyrimido(4, 5-b)pyrazine. Surugatoxin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, surugatoxin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, surugatoxin can be found in mollusks. This makes surugatoxin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the 7alpha-hydroxy derivative of cholesterol. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, an oxysterol and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. 
Crystals. The technical product is a whitish to light-brown crystalline powder with a mild chemical odor. Used as an insecticide. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
Cefozopran is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefozopran binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by methyl groups at positions 6 and 8, hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 2', a methoxy group at position 5' and a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy residue at position 7. Isolated from the leaves of Myrcia multiflora, it exhibits inhibitory activity against alpha-glucosidase and aldose reductase. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor, an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a dihydroxyflavanone, a monomethoxyflavanone, a flavanone glycoside and a monosaccharide derivative. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a triterpenoid saponin that is the glucosiduronide derivative of 3beta-hydroxy-11-oxoolean-12-en-30-oic acid. It has a role as an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a glucosiduronic acid, a tricarboxylic acid, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, an enone and a triterpenoid saponin. It is a conjugate acid of a glycyrrhizinate(3-). Glycyrrhizin is a saponin-like compound that provides the main sweet flavor for Glycyrrhiza glabra (licorice), with potential immunomodulating, anti-inflammatory, hepato- and neuro-protective, and antineoplastic activities. Glycyrrhizin modulates certain enzymes involved in inflammation and oxidative stress, and downregulates certain pro-inflammatory mediators, thereby protecting against inflammation- and reactive oxygen species (ROS)-induced damage. Glycerrhizin may also suppress the growth of susceptible tumor cells. 
it is a member of the class of 2-aminopurines that is guanine in which the hydrogen at position 9 is substituted by a 4-hydroxy-3-(hydroxymethyl)but-1-yl group. An antiviral drug, it is administered topically for treatment of herpes labialis. A prodrug, famciclovir, is used for oral administration. It has a role as an antiviral drug. It is a member of 2-aminopurines and a member of propane-1,3-diols. It derives from a guanine. it is a synthetic acyclic guanine derivative with antiviral activity, mainly used to treat infections from herpes simplex virus (HSV) types 1 and 2. In HSV infected cells, it is phosphorylated by viral thymidine kinase and subsequently converted by cellular kinases into the active metabolite, it triphosphate, which competitively inhibits viral HSV polymerase by blocking deoxyguanosine triphosphate substrate binding. As a result, herpes viral DNA synthesis and replication are selectively inhibited. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of diphenylacetic acid and the hydroxy group of 4-hydroxy-N-methylpiperidine. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. It is a carboxylic ester, a member of piperidines and a tertiary amino compound. 
4,4'-azodibenzenearsonic acid is the monoazo compound formed from arsanilic acid. It is used as an immunologic research tool. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. It is a monoazo compound and an organoarsonic acid. It derives from an arsanilic acid. 
Two small peptide chains removed from the N-terminal segment of the beta chains of fibrinogen by the action of thrombin. Each peptide chain contains 20 amino acid residues. The removal of fibrinopeptides B is not required for coagulation. 
Motexafin lutetium (MLu) is a second-generation photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy (PDT) of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called metallotexaphyrins. Also called it. Motexafin lutetium is a pentadentate aromatic metallotexaphyrin with photosensitizing properties. 
Auranofin is an S-glycosyl compound consisting of 2,3,4,6-tetra-O-acetyl-1-thio-beta-D-glucopyranose with the sufur atom coordinated to (triethylphosphoranylidene)gold. It is administered orally for the treatment of active progressive rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as an antirheumatic drug, an EC 1.8.1.9 (thioredoxin reductase) inhibitor and an immunosuppressive agent. It is a gold coordination entity and a S-glycosyl compound. Auranofin is an orally available, lipophilic, organogold compound, used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, with anti-inflammatory and potential antineoplastic activities. Auranofin interacts with selenocysteine residue within the redox-active domain of mitochondrial thioredoxin reductase (TrxR), thereby blocking the activity of TrxR. As a result, this agent induces mitochondrial oxidative stress leading to the induction of apoptosis. Furthermore, this agent strongly inhibits the JAK1/STAT3 signal transduction pathway, thereby suppressing expression of immune factors involved in inflammation. TrxR, overexpressed in many cancer cell types, inhibits apoptosis, promotes cell growth and survival and plays a role in resistance to chemotherapy; TrxR catalyzes the reduction of oxidized thioredoxin (Trx) and plays a central role in regulating cellular redox homeostasis. 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-hydroxypropionic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-hydroxypropionic acid. 
it is a member of the class of furans used to treat peptic ulcer disease (PUD) and gastroesophageal reflux disease. It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug, a H2-receptor antagonist, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a drug allergen. It is a member of furans, a tertiary amino compound, a C-nitro compound and an organic sulfide. it is a member of the class of histamine H2-receptor antagonists with antacid activity. it is a competitive and reversible inhibitor of the action of histamine, released by enterochromaffin-like (ECL) cells, at the histamine H2-receptors on parietal cells in the stomach, thereby inhibiting the normal and meal-stimulated secretion of stomach acid. In addition, other substances that promote acid secretion have a reduced effect on parietal cells when the H2 receptors are blocked. 
UDP-alpha-D-glucuronic acid is a UDP-sugar having alpha-D-glucuronic acid as the sugar component. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an alpha-D-glucuronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-alpha-D-glucuronate(3-). 
it is a lysine derivative that is lysine in which one of the hydrogens attached to N(6) is substituted by a methyl group. It is a lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is an enol ether that is the cyclopropylmethyl ether of 3-hydroxy-5,5-dimethyl-4-[4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl]furan-2-one. A selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, it is used in veterinary medicine for the control of pain and inflammation associated with osteoarthritis in horses and dogs. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a butenolide, a sulfone, an enol ether and a member of cyclopropanes. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-threonine and two L-alanine units joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-threonine and a L-alanine. 
Dihydro-3(2H)-thiophenone, also known as tetrahydro-thiophen-3-one or 3-thiacyclopentanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiolanes. These are organic compounds containing thiolane, a five-member saturated ring containing four carbon atoms and a sulfur atom. Dihydro-3(2H)-thiophenone is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, dihydro-3(2H)-thiophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Dihydro-3(2H)-thiophenone is a buttery, clam, and garlic tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products and nuts. This makes dihydro-3(2H)-thiophenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
(R)-Dihydrocitronellol acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol (R)-Dihydrocitronellol acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule (R)-Dihydrocitronellol acetate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (R)-dihydrocitronellol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (R)-dihydrocitronellol acetate can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (R)-dihydrocitronellol acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a terpineol that is 1-menthene carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antibacterial agent, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antiparasitic agent, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a volatile oil component. It is a terpineol and a tertiary alcohol. 
(+)-it is a razoxane. It has a role as a chelator, an antineoplastic agent, a cardiovascular drug and an immunosuppressive agent. it is a bisdioxopiperazine with iron-chelating, chemoprotective, cardioprotective, and antineoplastic activities. After hydrolysis to an active form that is similar to ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA), it chelates iron, limiting the formation of free radical-generating anthracycline-iron complexes, which may minimize anthracycline-iron complex-mediated oxidative damage to cardiac and soft tissues. This agent also inhibits the catalytic activity of topoisomerase II, which may result in tumor cell growth inhibition. 
it is a synthetic diethylaminoethyl analogue of the indolocarbazole glycoside antineoplastic antibiotic rebeccamycin. it intercalates into DNA and stabilizes the DNA-topoisomerase I complex, thereby interfering with the topoisomerase I-catalyzed DNA breakage-reunion reaction and initiating DNA cleavage and apoptosis. (NCI04) 
An ester of AMPICILLIN which is readily hydrolyzed on absorption to release ampicillin. It is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract resulting in a greater bioavailability of ampicillin than can be achieved with equivalent doses of ampicillin. 
it is a member of the class of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes consisting of trans-cinnamic acid having a trifluoromethyl substituent at the meta-position. It is a member of cinnamic acids, a member of styrenes and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
it is a nucleotide-sugar oxoanion that is a trianion arising from deprotonation of the carboxy and diphosphate OH groups of UDP-alpha-D-glucuronic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a nucleotide-sugar oxoanion and a carbohydrate acid derivative anion. It is a conjugate base of an UDP-alpha-D-glucuronic acid. 
Benzopyrroles with the nitrogen at the number one carbon adjacent to the benzyl portion, in contrast to ISOit which have the nitrogen away from the six-membered ring. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the gamma carbon atom. Thus, N-palmitoyl gaba is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a member of chlorins. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent. it is a synthetic light-activated chlorin with photodynamic activity. Upon systemic administration, it distributes throughout the body and is taken up by tumor cells. Upon stimulation of it by non-thermal laser light (at 652 nm), and in the presence of oxygen, this agent produces highly reactive short-lived singlet oxygen and other reactive oxygen radicals, resulting in local damage to tumor cells. This may kill tumor cells and may reduce the tumor size. 
it is an aminopyrimidine in which the pyrimidine ring bears amino and hydroxy substituents at positions 2 and 4, respectively. It is a pyrimidone, an aminopyrimidine and a pyrimidine nucleobase. 
Methyl 2-propenyl trisulfide, also known as methylallyl trisulfide or trisulfide methyl 2-propenyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic trisulfides. These are organosulfur compounds with the general formula RSSSR' (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). Methyl 2-propenyl trisulfide exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, methyl 2-propenyl trisulfide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, methyl 2-propenyl trisulfide can be found in soft-necked garlic. This makes methyl 2-propenyl trisulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an o-quinone resulting from the formal oxidation of the dihydroxyphenyl moiety of 4-hydroxyestrone. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of orthoquinones, a 17-oxo steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1) steroid. 
it is a medication used in the management of idiopathic chronic constipation. A prostaglandin E1 derivative, lubiprostone is a bicyclic fatty acid that activates ClC-2 chloride channels located on the apical side of the gastrointestinal epithelial cells. Activation of these channels promotes the secretion of a chloride-rich fluid that soften the stool, increase gastrointestinal motility, and induce spontaneous bowel movements (SBM). it is a bicyclic fatty acid derived from prostaglandin E1 and a chloride channel activator with laxative activity. Upon intake, lubiprostone specifically binds to and activates the type 2 chloride channel (ClC-2) in the apical membrane of the gastrointestinal epithelium. This produces an efflux of chloride ions, thereby drawing water into the gastrointestinal lumen. The resulting increased amounts of intestinal fluid soften the stool, increase motility, and improve bowel movements. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-mannonic acid. 
it, also known as N-it or fema 2948, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, apple, and fruity taste. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a L-lysine derivative that is L-lysine having a carbamoyl group at the N(6)-position. It is found in individuals with urea cycle disorders. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a member of ureas, a L-lysine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a colorless solid. Melting point 382-384Â°F (194-195Â°C). Sublimes at 275Â°F (135Â°C) under pressure of 0.15 mm Hg. Used as a herbicide. it is a dibromobenzene that is 2,6-dibromophenol substituted by a cyano group at position 4. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. It is a member of phenols, a dibromobenzene and a hydroxynitrile. It derives from a 2,6-dibromophenol. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,5-dibromo-4-oxidobenzonitrile(1-). 
it is an aryl sulfate that is tyramine in which the phenolic hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a primary amino compound. It derives from a tyramine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Alpha-Neu5Ac-(2->3)-[beta-D-Gal-(1->3)-beta-D-GalNAc-(1->4)]-beta-D-Gal-(1->4)-beta-D-Glc-(1<->1')-N-stearoylsphingosine 1(II'),2(II) lactone is a sialotetraosylceramide consisting of the disialoganglioside GM1 with a lactone ring formed between C-1 of the NeuNac residue and C-2 of the galactose residue proximal to the ceramide moiety. It is a sialotetraosylceramide and a lactone. It derives from a ganglioside GM1. 
it is a tripeptide composed of two L-glutamic acid and one L-glutamine units joined by peptide linkages. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-glutamine. 
it is a member of carbapenems. It contains an imipenem. Imipenem is a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic beta-lactam carbapenem derived from thienamycin, produced by Streptomyces cattleya. Imipenem binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes that are involved in the last stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. This inactivation results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually causes cell lysis. Imipenem has the greatest affinity for PBP 1A, 1B, and 2, and its lethal effect is related to binding to PBP 2 and 1B. This antibiotic is active against a wide range of gram-positive and gram-negative organisms and is stable in the presence of beta-lactamases. (NCI05) 
Potassium tetrapyrophosphate is a whitish-colored powdered solid. It is toxic by ingestion, and/or inhalation. Contact with the substance should be avoided. 
it is a bufadienolide toxin originally isolated from the venom of the Chinese toad Bufo gargarizans; it is also one of the glycosides in the traditional Chinese medicine ChanSu, with potential cardiotonic activity. Although the mechanism of action of it is still under investigation, this agent is a specific Na+/K+-ATPase inhibitor and has been shown to reduce blood pressure in a rat model of preeclampsia. 
Galactotriose, also known as laminarin or (gal)3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. Galactotriose exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, galactotriose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, galactotriose can be found in nuts. This makes galactotriose a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Imatinib methanesulfonate is a methanesulfonate (mesylate) salt that is the monomesylate salt of imatinib. Used for treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia and gastrointestinal stromal tumours. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It contains an imatinib. it is the mesylate salt of imatinib, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. Imatinib binds to an intracellular pocket located within tyrosine kinases (TK), thereby inhibiting ATP binding and preventing phosphorylation and the subsequent activation of growth receptors and their downstream signal transduction pathways. This agent inhibits TK encoded by the bcr-abl oncogene as well as receptor TKs encoded by the c-kit and platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) oncogenes. Inhibition of the bcr-abl TK results in decreased proliferation and enhanced apoptosis in malignant cells of Philadelphia-positive (Ph+) hematological malignancies such as CML and ALL; effects on c-kit TK activity inhibit mast-cell and cellular proliferation in those diseases overexpressing c-kit, such as mastocytosis and gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST). 
it is an ergoline alkaloid comprising ergoline lacking hydrogens at positions 9 and 10 and also having a methyl group attached to the piperidine nitrogen. It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound, that is a mycotoxin which is cell permeable an an inhibitor of cytoplasmic division by blocking the formation of contractile microfilaments. It has a role as a metabolite, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a mycotoxin. It is a cytochalasin, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a lactam and a lactone. 
it is a carbamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of ethyl(methyl)carbamic acid with the phenolic OH group of 3-[(1S)-1-(dimethylamino)ethyl]phenol. A reversible cholinesterase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent and a cholinergic drug. It is a carbamate ester and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a triply-charged organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
2'-Hydroxy-4', 6'-dimethoxy-3'-methylacetophenone, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 2'-Hydroxy-4', 6'-dimethoxy-3'-methylacetophenone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2'-hydroxy-4', 6'-dimethoxy-3'-methylacetophenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2'-hydroxy-4', 6'-dimethoxy-3'-methylacetophenone can be found in fruits. This makes 2'-hydroxy-4', 6'-dimethoxy-3'-methylacetophenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the foraml condensation of the carboxy group of (2R)-2-[(1S)-1-hydroxy-2-(hydroxyamino)-2-oxoethyl]-4-methylpentanoic acid with the alpha-amino group of N,3-dimethyl-L-valinamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor. It is a secondary carboxamide and a hydroxamic acid. it is an orally-active synthetic hydroxamate with potential antineoplastic activity. it covalently binds to the zinc(II) ion in the active site of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs), thereby inhibiting the action of MMPs, inducing extracellular matrix degradation, and inhibiting angiogenesis, tumor growth and invasion, and metastasis. This agent may also inhibit tumor necrosis factor-alpha converting enzyme (TACE), an enzyme involved in tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) production that may play a role in some malignancies as well as in the development of arthritis and sepsis. (NCI04) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is (1-methylpyrrol-2-yl)acetic acid substituted at position 5 on the pyrrole ring by a 4-methylbenzoyl group. Used in the form of its sodium salt dihydrate as a nonselective nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a member of pyrroles, a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is an arylalkanoic acid and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic, anti-inflammatory and antipyretic activities. Although the exact mechanism through which it exerts its effects has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent appears to inhibit the enzyme prostaglandin synthase. This prevents the formation of prostaglandins from prostaglandin precursors, including the synthesis of the inflammatory prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) from the precursor prostaglandin H2 (PGH2). This prevents prostaglandin-mediated effects, including pain, inflammation and fever. 
Lanreotide is a synthetic polypeptide analogue of somatostatin that resembles the native hormone in its ability to suppress levels and activity of growth hormone, insulin, glucagon and many other gastrointestinal peptides. Because its half-life is longer than somatostatin, lanreotide can be used clinically to treat neuroendocrine tumors that secrete excessive amounts of growth hormone (acromegaly) or other active hormones or neuropeptides. Lanreotide has many side effects including suppression of gall bladder contractility and bile production, and maintenance therapy may cause cholelithiasis and pancreatitis as well accompanying liver injury. it is a synthetic long-acting cyclic octapeptide with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin. it is a more potent inhibitor of growth hormone, glucagon, and insulin than somatostatin. Similar to somatostatin, this agent also suppresses the luteinizing hormone response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone, decreases splanchnic blood flow, and inhibits the release of serotonin, gastrin, vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP), secretin, motilin, pancreatic polypeptide, and thyroid stimulating hormone. 
it is a chlorocatechol that is catechol in which all of the hydrogens attached to the benzene ring are replaced by chlorines. It is a chlorocatechol and a tetrachlorobenzene. It derives from a 1,2,3,4-tetrachlorobenzene. 
1,2-it appears as a colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Strongly irritates skin and tissue. it is a diamine that is propane substituted by amino groups at positions 1 and 2. it is commonly used as a bidentate ligand in the formation of coordination complexes. It has a role as a ligand. 
it is a monohydroxyflavone that is the 3-hydroxy derivative of flavone. It is a monohydroxyflavone and a member of flavonols. It is a conjugate acid of a flavonol(1-). 
Losartan is an angiotensin II receptor blocker used in the therapy of hypertension and diabetic nephropathy. Losartan is associated with a low rate of transient serum aminotransferase elevations and has been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. it is the potassium salt of losartan, a non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity. Losartan selectively and competitively binds to the angiotensin II receptor (type AT1) and blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the receptor, thus promoting vasodilatation and counteracting the effects of aldosterone. Converted from angiotensin I by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), angiotensin II stimulates the adrenal cortex to synthesize and secrete aldosterone, decreasing sodium excretion and increasing potassium excretion, and acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. 
it is an aryl dialkyl phosphate where both the alkyl groups are ethyl and the aryl group is 4-nitrophenyl. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and a mouse metabolite. It is an aryl dialkyl phosphate and an organophosphate insecticide. it is a synthetic aryl dialkyl phosphate compound and organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is the active metabolite of the insecticide parathion and is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a reddish-yellow oily liquid with a faint fruity odor, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
Propyl-4-hydroxybenzoate appears as colorless crystals or white powder or chunky white solid. Melting point 95-98Â°C. Odorless or faint aromatic odor. Low toxicity, Tasteless (numbs the tongue). pH: 6.5-7.0 (slightly acidic) in solution. it is the benzoate ester that is the propyl ester of 4-hydroxybenzoic acid. Preservative typically found in many water-based cosmetics, such as creams, lotions, shampoos and bath products. Also used as a food additive. It has a role as an antifungal agent and an antimicrobial agent. It is a benzoate ester, a member of phenols and a paraben. It derives from a propan-1-ol and a 4-hydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is a selinene that is decahydronaphthalene substituted by a isopropenyl group at position 7, a methyl group at position 4a and a methylidene group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Coenzyme A is a coenzyme containing pantothenic acid, adenosine 3-phosphate 5-pyrophosphate, and cysteamine; involved in the transfer of acyl groups, notably in transacetylations. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of aldehydo-D-ribose 5-phosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an aldehydo-D-ribose 5-phosphate. 
it is a member of the class of uridines that is uridine in which the hydrogen at position 5 of the uracil ring is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a member of uridines and an organic hydroxy compound. 
Dodecanamine appears as a yellow liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
The porcine antidiuretic hormone (VASOPRESSINS). It is a cyclic nonapeptide that differs from ARG-VASOPRESSIN by one amino acid, containing a LYSINE at residue 8 instead of an ARGININE. Lys-vasopressin is used to treat DIABETES INSIPIDUS or to improve vasomotor tone and BLOOD PRESSURE. 
it, also known as 3-acetylisobutene or isopropenylacetone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methyl-4-penten-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an acrylic, pungent, and vegetable taste. 
it is an N-acetyltyrosine in which the chiral centre has L configuration. It has a role as an EC 2.1.1.4 (acetylserotonin O-methyltransferase) inhibitor, a biomarker and a human urinary metabolite. It is a N-acyl-L-tyrosine and a N-acetyltyrosine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-tyrosinate. 
This solid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Must be stored with stringent temperature control measures. Explosion hazard mitigated by mixing the peroxide in a water slurry. 
it is an N-sulfonylcarboxamide that is (Z)-11-methyldodec-2-enamide in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a methanesulfonyl (mesyl) group. It derives from a methanesulfonic acid. 
it is a benzenedicarboxamide compound having N-substituted carbamoyl groups at the 1- and 3-positions, iodo substituents at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions and a glycoloyl(methyl)amino group at the 5-position. It has a role as a radioopaque medium, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a benzenedicarboxamide and an organoiodine compound. 
Didodecyl thiobispropanoate, also known as ptde or carstab it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. Didodecyl thiobispropanoate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, didodecyl thiobispropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Didodecyl thiobispropanoate has a sweet and ethereal taste. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt form of the active levorotatory enantiomer of cetirizine, levocetirizine; a third generation, non-sedating, selective histamine H1 receptor antagonist, with antihistamine, anti-inflammatory and potential anti-angiogenic activities. Levocetirizine competes with endogenous histamine for binding at peripheral H1-receptor sites on the effector cell surface. This prevents the negative symptoms associated with histamine release and an allergic reaction. In addition, as histamine plays an important role in angiogenesis during an allergic inflammatory reaction, blocking the action of histamine may modulate the expression of proangiogenic factors and thus may prevent angiogenesis. As a third-generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist, levocetirizine has fewer side effects than most second-generation antihistamines. 
it is the (+)-enantiomer of alpha-pinene. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-alpha-pinene. 
Cyclohexenyltrichlorosilane appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point of 199Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Used to make various silicon containing compounds. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01507428 (Study of Positron Emission Tomography and Computed Tomography in Guiding Radiation Therapy in Patients With Stage III Non-small Cell Lung Cancer). 
it is an omega-carboxyacyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the 1-carboxy group of mesaconic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a mesaconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is an optically active form of sulpiride having (S)-configuration. The active enantiomer of the racemic drug sulpiride. Selective D2-like dopamine antagonist (Ki values are ~ 0.015. ~ 0.013, 1, ~ 45 and ~ 77 muM at D2, D3, D4, D1 and D5 receptors respectively). It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, an antidepressant, an antiemetic and an antipsychotic agent. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-(+)-sulpiride. 
it appears as a colorless to light-colored liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an L-methionine derivative that is L-methionine in which one of the amine hydrogens is substituted by an acetyl group. It has a role as a nutraceutical. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid, a L-methionine derivative and a it. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a N-acetyl-D-methionine. 
it is the ester obtained by formal condensation of mandelic acid and 3,3,5-tricyclohexanol. It is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to dilate blood vessels. It has a role as a vasodilator agent. It is a carboxylic ester and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a mandelic acid and a 3,3,5-trimethylcyclohexanol. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of dipivefrin. It is used topically as eye drops to reduce intra-ocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. It has a role as an adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent and an antiglaucoma drug. It contains a dipivefrin(1+). it is an ester with sympathomimetic activities. it is a prodrug of epinephrine that, due to its greater lipophilicity, allows for better penetration into the anterior chamber. Once inside the eye, it is converted by hydrolysis to epinephrine. Epinephrine enhances the outflow of aqueous humor and decreases the production of aqueous humor by vasoconstriction. This leads to a reduction in intraocular pressure. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the oxepanes. These are compounds containing an oxepane ring, which is an a seven-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen and six carbon atoms. This drug targets the protein beta-glucosidase A. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pineapple-like odor. Flash point 54Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a propanoate ester of ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a triterpene glycoside and hemiacetal isolated from a fermentation of Hormonema sp. and which specifically inhibits glucan synthesis in fungal cells. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It is a triterpenoid saponin, a monosaccharide derivative and a lactol. 
it is an organic compound derived from pyridine with potassium channel inhibition activity. it inhibits potassium channel efflux, increasing the duration of the action potential, which results in an increase in the duration of calcium channel opening and enhanced acetylcholine (ACh) release. Increased ACh availability at the motor end plate allows muscles to contract. 
Sodium(2-ethylhexyl)alcohol sulfate is a clear, colorless, slightly viscous liquid. (NTP, 1992) it is a organosulfate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of it, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfo group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
17beta-hydroxy-2alpha-methylestr-4-en-3-one is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is estr-4-ene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 17 and an alpha-methyl group at position 2. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it appears as light yellow or cream-colored crystals or a brown crystalline solid. As a reagent in the separation of copper and iron. it is a creamy, white crystalline substance. it is used as an analytical reagent to separate copper, iron and vanadium from other metals. Exposure to this substance causes gastrointestinal disturbances and skin, eye and respiratory-tract irritation. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
2, 7-Oxepanedione, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lactones. These are cyclic esters of hydroxy carboxylic acids, containing a 1-oxacycloalkan-2-one structure, or analogues having unsaturation or heteroatoms replacing one or more carbon atoms of the ring. 2, 7-Oxepanedione exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 7-oxepanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an ultra-long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is dotriacontane in which a hydrogen attached to one of the terminal carbons is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a dotriacontane. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sharp odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. May irritate skin on contact. Vapors heavier than air. Inhalation of vapors may cause irritation. Prolonged inhalation may lead to breathing difficulty. Ingestion causes abdominal discomfort, nausea and diarrhea. Used to make other chemicals and as a lubricating oil additive. 
Iridium Ir 192 is a radioactive isotope of iridium. it emits gamma rays and has a half-life of 74 days. A high dose rate of this radioisotope can be used in brachytherapy to treat tumors by selectively delivering a cytotoxic dose of radiation to the tumor site. 
it is an azetidinecarboxylic acid that is azetidine substituted by a carboxy group at position 2. It is a plant non-protein amino acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a teratogenic agent. It is an azetidinecarboxylic acid and an amino acid. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03041688 (it and Decitabine in Treating Patients With Relapsed, Refractory, or Newly-Diagnosed Acute Myeloid Leukemia). MDM2 Inhibitor KRT-232 is an orally available inhibitor of MDM2 (murine double minute 2), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, MDM2 inhibitor KRT-232 binds to the MDM2 protein and prevents its binding to the transcriptional activation domain of the tumor suppressor protein p53. By preventing this MDM2-p53 interaction, the transcriptional activity of p53 is restored. This leads to p53-mediated induction of tumor cell apoptosis. MDM2, a zinc finger protein and a negative regulator of the p53 pathway, is overexpressed in cancer cells; it plays a key role in cancer cell proliferation and survival. 
it is a deoxycortisol that is cortisol in which the hydroxy group at position 11 has been replaced by a hydrogen. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a glucocorticoid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a deoxycortisol. it is a glucocorticoid that is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of cortisol in the adrenal gland. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3, 6 and 7 and a 1,5-anhydro-D-glucitol moiety at position 1. It has a role as an anti-HSV-1 agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a C-glycosyl compound and a polyphenol. 
it is a benzoate anion arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group of 2-formylbenzoic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of benzoates and an aldehydic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2-formylbenzoic acid. 
1-it is a member of the class of condensed ureas that is urea in which one of the amino groups has had one of the attached hydrogens replaced by a carbamoyl group and the second amino group has had one of its hydrogens replaced by a carboxy group. It derives from a urea-1-carboxylic acid and a carbamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-it(1-). 
Ticarcillin Disodium is the disodium salt form of ticarcillin, a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. Similar to carbenicillin in action, ticarcillin inactivates the penicillin-sensitive transpeptidase C-terminal domain by opening the lactam ring. This inactivation prevents the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan strands, thereby inhibiting the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to incomplete bacterial cell wall synthesis and eventually causes cell lysis. 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by 2,4-dichlorophenyl and 1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl groups and at position 4 by an ethyl group. An obsolete fungicide that was used to control powdery mildew on fruit and other crops. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene, a cyclic ketal, a dioxolane, a member of triazoles, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is a pyridazinone derivative in which pyridazin-3(2H)-one is substituted at C-6 with a 4-(difluoromethoxy)-3-methoxyphenyl group. It is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, selective for PDE3 and 4. It has a role as an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor, a peripheral nervous system drug, an anti-asthmatic drug and a bronchodilator agent. It is an organofluorine compound and a pyridazinone. 
it is the aromatic diazonium ion formed from diazotisation of 2-methoxy-4-nitroaniline. The 5-sulfonaphthalene-1-sulfonate salt is the biological stain 'fast red B' 
it is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 2 and 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,4-dimethylbenzoate. 
it is a methyl phenyl(piperidin-2-yl)acetate in which both stereocentres have S configuration. It is the inactive enantiomer in the racemic drug methylphenidate. It is an enantiomer of a dexmethylphenidate. 
it is a member of the class of phenazines obtained by hydrogenation of the 5 and 10 positions of phenazine. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. 
Guggulsterone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. Guggulsterone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Guggulsterone has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, guggulsterone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a racemate composed of equal amounts of (R)- and (S)-it. A non-selective CCK antagonist that was used primarily for treatment of stomach ulcers, but has been replaced by newer drugs. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a xenobiotic metabolite, a cholinergic antagonist, an anti-ulcer drug, a cholecystokinin antagonist, a gastrointestinal drug, a delta-opioid receptor agonist and an opioid analgesic. It contains a (R)-it and a (S)-it. 
it appears as a clear colorless volatile liquid having an ether-like odor. Noncombustible. Insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Density approximately 13.5 lb / gal. Used as dry cleaning solvent, a degreasing solvent, a drying agent for metals, and in the manufacture of other chemicals. it is a chlorocarbon that is tetrachloro substituted ethene. It has a role as a nephrotoxic agent. It is a chlorocarbon and a member of chloroethenes. it is a colorless, volatile, nonflammable, liquid, chlorinated hydrocarbon with an ether-like odor that may emit toxic fumes of phosgene when exposed to sunlight or flames. it is mainly used as a cleaning solvent in dry cleaning and textile processing and in the manufacture of fluorocarbons. Exposure to this substance irritates the upper respiratory tract and eyes and causes neurological effects as well as kidney and liver damage. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen and may be linked to an increased risk of developing skin, colon, lung, esophageal, and urogenital tract cancer as well as lymphosarcoma and leukemia. (NCI05) 
it is a tetrabutylammonium salt with bromide as the anionic counterpart. It is an organic bromide salt and a tetrabutylammonium salt. 
it is a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, a member of triazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes and an aromatic ether. It has a role as an antidepressant, a serotonergic antagonist, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist and an analgesic. 
19-Iodocholest-5-en-3 beta-ol. A cholesterol derivative usually substituted with radioactive iodine in the 19 position. The compound is an adrenal cortex scanning agent used in the assessment of patients suspected of having Cushing's syndrome, hyperaldosteronism, pheochromocytoma and adrenal remnants following total adrenalectomy. 
it is a sulfur-containing amino acid consisting of 2-aminohexanoic acid having a methylthio substituent at the 6-position. It is a sulfur-containing amino acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an N-arylpiperazine in which one nitrogen is substituted by a 3-chlorophenyl group, while the other is substituted by a 3-(3-oxo[1,2,4]triazolo[4,3-a]pyridin-2(3H)-yl)propyl group. It has a role as an antidepressant, a sedative, an adrenergic antagonist, a H1-receptor antagonist, a serotonin uptake inhibitor and an anxiolytic drug. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, a triazolopyridine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a synthetic triazolopyridine derivative, antidepressant and sedative it acts as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, chemically unrelated to tricyclic, tetracyclic, or other antidepressants. It is effective in patients with schizoaffective disorders; major depressive disorders; and depressive disorders associated with insomnia and anxiety. (NCI04) 
it is a 3-hydroxykynurenine. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound that is a 21-membered macrocyclic lactam, substituted by a ({1-[(cyclohex-1-en-1-ylcarbonyl)amino]cyclopropyl}carbonyl)oxy group at position 17, which is obtained from Streptomyces sp. TC-1190. It exhibits growth inhibitory effects on a series of human tumour cell lines. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol, an ether, a lactam, a macrocycle, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines that is guanidine in which one of the amino groups is substituted by a dodecyl group. It is used (generally as its acetate salt, known as dodine) as a agrochemical fungicide. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of guanidines and an aliphatic nitrogen antifungal agent. It contains a dodecyl group and a guanidino group. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Density 0.800 g / cm3 and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Flash point 103Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. May irritate skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(2-thienyl)-1-heptanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is nonadecanoic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 18. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a methyl-branched fatty acid. It derives from a nonadecanoic acid. 
it is an N-acylserotonin obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of arachidonic acid with the primary amino group of serotonin. It has a role as a human metabolite, a signalling molecule, an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent, an anticonvulsant, a capsaicin receptor antagonist and an EC 3.5.1.99 (fatty acid amide hydrolase) inhibitor. It is a member of phenols and a N-acylserotonin. It derives from an arachidonic acid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of ticlopidine, a thienopyridine derivative with anticoagulant property. it irreversibly inhibits adenosine-diphosphate (ADP)-induced platelet-fibrinogen binding by binding to the glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIA complex, one of the two purinergic receptors activated by ADP. Inhibition of the receptor activation causes the inhibition of adenylyl cyclase, results in decreased levels of cyclic adenosine monophosphate and thereby interferes with platelet membrane function and subsequent, platelet-platelet interaction, release of platelet granule constituents and prolongation of bleeding time. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of dihydroferulic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as an antioxidant, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a dihydroferulic acid. 
it appears as brownish-black powder or black to blue-black crystalline solid. Mp: 1080Â°C (decomposes); density: 6.45 g cm-3. Insoluble in water. 
it is a nitrosourea derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it alkylates and crosslinks DNA during all phases of the cell cycle, resulting in disruption of DNA function, cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. 
it is the aminophenol which has the single amino substituent located ortho to the phenolic -OH group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
it is an enal consisting of but-2-ene with a methyl substituent at position 3 and an oxo group at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 3-methylbut-2-enoic acid. 
it is a piperidine histamine H1-receptor antagonist with anti-allergic properties and without sedative effects. it blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilatation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. it does not cross the blood-brain barrier and does not cause central nervous system effects. 
it appears as colorless rhombic crystals. Used as an insecticide in some horticultural applications. (EPA, 1998) it is an inorganic sodium salt having selenate as the counterion. It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor, an anticonvulsant and a fertilizer. It contains a selenate. it is the sodium salt of selenium. As a trace mineral that is toxic in high doses, selenium is a cofactor for glutathione peroxidase, an anti-oxidant enzyme that neutralizes hydrogen peroxide. Selenium may be chemoprotective for certain cancers, particularly prostate cancer. High dietary supplementation with it may inhibit the progression of hormone-refractory prostate cancer due, in part, to an antiangiogenesis effect. (NCI04) 
it is a phosphosphingolipid that is phytosphingosine bearing a phospho group at position 1. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a phytosphingosine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax ginseng that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 20 have been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranosyl-(1->2)-beta-D-glucopyranoside and alpha-L-arabinofuranosyl-(1->6)-beta-D-glucopyranoside respectively, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a hypoglycemic agent. It is a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a beta-D-glucoside, a disaccharide derivative, a ginsenoside and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
Adriamycin hydrochloride appears as orange-red thin needles. Aqueous solutions yellow-orange at acid pHs, orange-red at neutral pHs, and violet blue over pH 9. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid having a 4-methylumbelliferyl substituent at the anomeric position. A hyaluronan synthesis inhibitor, it is anti-tumourigenic for various malignant tumours. It has a role as a chromogenic compound, an antineoplastic agent and a hyaluronan synthesis inhibitor. It is a member of coumarins, a monosaccharide derivative and a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid. It derives from a 4-methylumbelliferone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 36:0 in which both phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as stearoyl (octadecanoyl). It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it, also known as it or 1 alpha-acetyldinormethadol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diphenylmethanes. Diphenylmethanes are compounds containing a diphenylmethane moiety, which consists of a methane wherein two hydrogen atoms are replaced by two phenyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, dinor-levomethadyl acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). it and formaldehyde can be biosynthesized from nor-levomethadyl acetate through the action of the enzyme cytochrome P450 3A7. In humans, dinor-levomethadyl acetate is involved in the levomethadyl acetate metabolism pathway. 
A fluorescent probe with low toxicity which is a potent substrate for ATP BINDING CASSETTE TRANSPORTER, SUBFAMILY B, MEMBER 1 and the bacterial multidrug efflux transporter. It is used to assess mitochondrial bioenergetics in living cells and to measure the efflux activity of ATP BINDING CASSETTE TRANSPORTER, SUBFAMILY B, MEMBER 1 in both normal and malignant cells. (Leukemia 1997;11(7):1124-30) 
it, also known as fema 3961, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, propylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a green, nutty, and vegetable tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes propylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-phenylalanine and L-arginine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-phenylalanine and a L-arginine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it refers to several PICOLINES (especially PYRIDOXINE; PYRIDOXAL; and PYRIDOXAMINE) that are efficiently converted by the body to PYRIDOXAL PHOSPHATE which is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, and aminolevulinic acid. During transamination of amino acids, pyridoxal phosphate is transiently converted into PYRIDOXAMINE phosphate. Although pyridoxine and it are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading (EE Snell; Ann NY Acad Sci, vol 585 pg 1, 1990). Most of vitamin B6 is eventually degraded to PYRIDOXIC ACID and excreted in the urine. 
it appears as needles (from benzene, petroleum ether) or light brown and yellow crystals. Odor threshold 100 Âµg/L. Taste threshold 0.3 Âµg/L in water. (NTP, 1992) 
it, also known as it or val-ala, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a faint fishlike odor. Combustible but difficult to ignite. Corrosive to tissue. Combustion produces toxic oxides of nitrogen. 
3'-amino-3'-deoxy-N(6),N(6)-dimethyladenosine is puromycin derivative that lacks the methoxyphenylalanyl group on the amine of the sugar ring. It is a 3'-deoxyribonucleoside and a member of adenosines. 
Motexafin gadolinium is studied in the treatment of cancer by Pharmacyclics. It may make tumor cells more sensitive to radiation therapy, improve tumor images using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and kill cancer cells. It belongs to the family of drugs called metalloporphyrin complexes. Also called it. Motexafin Gadolinium is a synthetic metallotexaphyrin with radiosensitizing and chemosensitizing properties. Motexafin gadolinium accumulates in tumor cells preferentially due to their increased rates of metabolism, generating reactive oxygen species (ROS) intracellularly and lowering the tumor cell apoptotic threshold to ionizing radiation and chemotherapy. (NCI04) 
it is an azabicycloalkane that is the 10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenzo[a,d]cyclohepten-5-yl ether of tropine. It has a role as a parasympatholytic, a H1-receptor antagonist and a muscarinic antagonist. It is an azabicycloalkane and an ether. It derives from a tropine. 
it is a it in which the substituent at position 10 of the flavin nucleus is a 5'-adenosyldiphosphoribityl group. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a prosthetic group and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
(Â±)-it, also known as (Â±)-camphate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups (Â±)-it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (Â±)-it can be found in tea. This makes (Â±)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. Thus, is considered to be an oxygenated hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in herbs and spices. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolidin-2-ones that is N-ethylpyrrolidin-2-one in which both of the hydrogens at the 3 position (adjacent to the carbonyl group) are substituted by phenyl groups, and one of the hydrogens at the 4 position is substituted by a 2-(morpholin-4-yl)ethyl group. A central and respiratory stimulant with a brief duration of action, it is used (generally as the hydrochloride or the hydrochloride hydrate) as a temporary treatment of acute respiratory failure, particularly when superimposed on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and of postoperative respiratory depression. It has also been used for treatment of postoperative shivering. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant. It is a member of morpholines and a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones. it is a respiratory stimulant with analeptic activity. it, independent of oxygen levels, directly stimulates the peripheral carotid chemoreceptors, possibly by inhibiting the potassium channels of type I cells within the carotid body, thereby stimulating catecholamines release. This results in the prevention or reversal of both narcotic- and CNS depressant-induced respiratory depression. 
it is a beta-diketone that is tritriacontane with oxo groups at positions 16 and 18. It derives from a hydride of a tritriacontane. 
Docosadienoate (22:2n6), also known as 13, 16-docosadienoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as very long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains at least 22 carbon atoms. Docosadienoate (22:2n6) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Docosadienoate (22:2n6) has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, blood, and urine. Within the cell, docosadienoate (22:2n6) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic that is tylonolide having mono- and diglycosyl moieties attached to two of its hydroxy groups. It is found naturally as a fermentation product of Streptomyces fradiae. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an allergen, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is an aldehyde, a disaccharide derivative, an enone, a leucomycin, a monosaccharide derivative and a macrolide antibiotic. It derives from a tylactone. It is a conjugate base of a tylosin(1+). 
1, 1'-(Tetrahydro-6a-hydroxy-2, 3a, 5-trimethylfuro[2, 3-D]-1, 3-dioxole-2, 5-diyl)bis-ethanone, also known as 2, 3-butanedione trimer or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketals. These are acetals derived from ketones by replacement of the oxo group by two hydrocarbyloxy groups R2C(OR)2 ( R not Hydrogen ). This term, once abandoned, has been reinstated as a subclass of acetals. 1, 1'-(Tetrahydro-6a-hydroxy-2, 3a, 5-trimethylfuro[2, 3-D]-1, 3-dioxole-2, 5-diyl)bis-ethanone is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1, 1'-(tetrahydro-6a-hydroxy-2, 3a, 5-trimethylfuro[2, 3-D]-1, 3-dioxole-2, 5-diyl)bis-ethanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1, 1'-(Tetrahydro-6a-hydroxy-2, 3a, 5-trimethylfuro[2, 3-D]-1, 3-dioxole-2, 5-diyl)bis-ethanone has a butter and roasted taste. 
it is a carbamate ester and an ethyl ester. It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and a nematicide. 
Gamma-Cyclodextrin, also known as cyclomaltooctaose or cyclooctaamylose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. Gamma-Cyclodextrin is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, Gamma-cyclodextrin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Gamma-Cyclodextrin has an odorless taste. Gamma-Cyclodextrin is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is the (1R,2R)-stereoisomer of isocitric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-erythro-isocitrate(3-). It is an enantiomer of a D-erythro-isocitric acid. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is 11,12-dihydro-2H,6H,10H-dipyrano[2,3-f:2',3'-h]chromen-2-one substituted by a phenyl group at position 4, methyl groups at positions 6, 6, 10 and 11 and a hydroxy group at position 12 (the 10S,11R,12S stereoisomer). Isolated from Calophyllum brasiliense and Calophyllum soulattri, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It is a member of coumarins and a secondary alcohol. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is salicylic acid substituted by an amino group at position 4. It has a role as an antitubercular agent. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-aminosalicylate(1-). it is an analog of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA) with antitubercular activity. it exerts its bacteriostatic activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis by competing with PABA for enzymes involved in folate synthesis, thereby suppressing growth and reproduction of M. tuberculosis, eventually leading to cell death. 
it is a primary fatty amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of (9Z)-hexadecenoic acid with ammonia. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a human metabolite. It derives from a palmitoleic acid. 
it is a clear colorless liquid. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a primary nitroalkane that is hexane substituted by a nitro group at position 1. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z, 19Z)-docosahexaenoate is also known as (4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z, 19Z)-DHA(1-) or C22:6(Omega-3) (1-). (4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z, 19Z)-docosahexaenoate is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and acidic. 
it is a CMP-sugar having pseudaminic acid as the sugar component. It derives from a pseudaminic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a CMP-pseudaminate. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound and guaianolide sesquiterpene lactone that is arglabin in which the exocyclic double bond has been reduced to a single bond. It is found in Artemesia adamsii. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an epoxide, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a sesquiterpene lactone. It derives from an arglabin. 
Perfosfamide is the active metabolite of the nitrogen mustard cyclophosphamide with potent antineoplastic and immunosuppressive properties. Perfosfamide alkylates DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and RNA and protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is the sulfate salt of the bleomycin analogue peplomycin. Peplomycin forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals that cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA. This agent appears to show greater antitumor activity than bleomycin; its use is limited due to pulmonary toxicity. (NCI04) 
it is a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid, a dithiolanecarboxylic acid and a member of dithiolanes. It is a conjugate acid of an asparagusate. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2-dithiolane. 
Precursor of epinephrine that is secreted by the ADRENAL MEDULLA and is a widespread central and autonomic neurotransmitter. Norepinephrine is the principal transmitter of most postganglionic sympathetic fibers, and of the diffuse projection system in the brain that arises from the LOCUS CERULEUS. It is also found in plants and is used pharmacologically as a sympathomimetic. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having adenine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and a 2'-deoxyadenosine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Non-Insulin-Dependent. it is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonist, with hypoglycemic activity. it binds with higher affinity to PPARgamma than to PPARalpha. it and its metabolites are primarily eliminated via biliary excretion. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is umbelliferone in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a geranyl group. Ii is isolated from several edible fruits and vegetables and exhibits a variety of therapeutic properties. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a dopaminergic agent, a neuroprotective agent, an antihypertensive agent, a gamma-secretase modulator, a vulnerary, an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, a PPARalpha agonist, a gastrointestinal drug, a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor, an antioxidant and a hepatoprotective agent. It is a member of coumarins and a monoterpenoid. It derives from an umbelliferone. 
Cisplatin, also known as cis-DDP or trans-DDP, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as transition metal chlorides. These are inorganic compounds in which the largest halogen atom is Chlorine, and the heaviest metal atom is a transition metal. Cisplatin is a drug which is used for the treatment of metastatic testicular tumors, metastatic ovarian tumors and advanced bladder cancer. Cisplatin has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, cisplatin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Cisplatin is formally rated as a probable carcinogen (by IARC 2A) and is also a potentially toxic compound. 
Ovalicin, also known as FR 125756 or graphinone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tertiary alcohols. Tertiary alcohols are compounds in which a hydroxy group, -OH, is attached to a saturated carbon atom R3COH (R not H ). Ovalicin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ovalicin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, liquid appears as a solution in oil of it, a noncombustible water-insoluble solid. Used as an insecticide. Mixed with a flammable carrier solvent. it is an organochlorine compound resulting from the Diels-Alder reaction of hexachlorocyclopentadiene with norbornadiene. A proinsecticide (by epoxidation of the non-chlorinated double bond to give dieldrin), it was widely used as an insecticide before being banned in the 1970s as a persistent organic pollutant. It has a role as a persistent organic pollutant and a proinsecticide. It is an organochlorine insecticide and an organochlorine compound. 
Alanine is an alpha-amino acid that consists of propionic acid bearing an amino substituent at position 2. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate base of an alaninium. It is a conjugate acid of an alaninate. It is a tautomer of an alanine zwitterion. Alanine is a small non-essential amino acid in humans, Alanine is one of the most widely used for protein construction and is involved in the metabolism of tryptophan and vitamin pyridoxine. Alanine is an important source of energy for muscles and central nervous system, strengthens the immune system, helps in the metabolism of sugars and organic acids, and displays a cholesterol-reducing effect in animals. (NCI04) it is a racemic mixture of alanine, a non-essential alpha-amino acid. Alanine is one of the most common residues for protein synthesis and is involved in the metabolism of tryptophan and vitamin pyridoxine. Furthermore, alanine is an important source of energy for muscles and central nervous system. It strengthens the immune system, helps in the metabolism of sugars and organic acids, and displays a cholesterol-reducing effect in animals. 
it, also known as fema 3131 or sec-C4H9OC2H5, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyl ethers. These are organic compounds containing the dialkyl ether functional group, with the formula ROR', where R and R' are alkyl groups. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a berry, floral, and woody taste. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of bambuterol. A long acting beta-adrenoceptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma, it is a prodrug for terbutaline. It has a role as an anti-asthmatic drug, a bronchodilator agent, a prodrug, a beta-adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is a hydrochloride, a carbamate ester and a member of phenylethanolamines. It contains a bambuterol. 
it is a furoic acid carrying the carboxy group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-furoate. 
it is an ethanolamine and first-generation histamine antagonist with anti-allergic activity. it competitively blocks H1 receptors, thereby preventing the actions of histamine on bronchial smooth muscle, capillaries and gastrointestinal (GI) smooth muscle. This prevents histamine-induced bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, GI smooth muscle spasm. 
Acetate salt of elliptinium, a derivative of the alkaloid ellipticine isolated from species of the plant family Apocynaceae, including Bleekeria vitensis, a plant with anti-cancer properties. As a topoisomerase II inhibitor and intercalating agent, elliptinium stabilizes the cleavable complex of topoisomerase II and induces DNA breakages, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and RNA and protein synthesis. 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is scutellarein methylated at position 6. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant, an anticonvulsant, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from a scutellarein. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of cyclopentolate. It is used to produce mydriasis (excessive dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) for opthalmic diagnostic procedures. It acts more quickly than atropine and has a shorter duration of action. It has a role as a mydriatic agent, a parasympatholytic, a diagnostic agent and a muscarinic antagonist. It contains a cyclopentolate. it is the hydrochloride salt form of cyclopentolate, an anticholinergic drug. Administered in the eye, it blocks the acetylcholine receptor in the sphincter muscle of the iris and the ciliary muscle, thereby preventing contraction. This dilates the pupil, producing mydriasis, and prevents the eye from accommodating. 
Hydroxyethylacrylate appears as a clear colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Corrosive to tissue. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. Used to make plastics. 
it is an enone that is cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 5 and geminal methyl groups at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an enol and an enone. It derives from a phloroglucinol. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 4a,12a-dihydroxy-4,4,6a,12b-tetramethyl-4a,6,6a,12,12a,12b-hexahydro-4H,11H-benzo[f]pyrano[4,3-b]chromene-1,11(5H)-dione substituted by 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 9 (the 4aR,6aR,12aS,12bS steroisomer). Isolated from the culture broth of Penicillium, it acts as a selective inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and a Penicillium metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a tertiary alcohol, a delta-lactone and an enone. 
Methionyl-methionine, also known as m-m dipeptide or met-met, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Methionyl-methionine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may cause vigorous decomposition and rupturing of the container. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it is a nitrofuran antimicrobial agent used in the treatment of diarrhea or enteritis caused by bacteria or protozoan infections. it is also active in treating typhoid fever, cholera and salmonella infections. 
it is a member of the class of catechols that is benzene-1,2-diol substituted by a 2-hydroxyethyl group at position 4. Isolated from Olea europaea, it exhibits antioxidant and antineoplastic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of catechols and a primary alcohol. It derives from a 2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethanol. it is a phenolic phytochemical naturally occurring in extra virgin olive oil, with potential antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and cancer preventive activities. Although the mechanisms of action through which it exerts its effects have yet to be fully determined, this agent affects the expression of various components of the inflammatory response, possibly through the modulation of the nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB) pathway. The effects include the modulation of pro-inflammatory cytokines, such as the inhibition of interleukin-1alpha (IL-1a), IL-1beta, IL-6, IL-12, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a); increased secretion of the anti-inflammatory cytokine IL-10; inhibition of the production of certain chemokines, such as C-X-C motif chemokine ligand 10 (CXCL10/IP-10), C-C motif chemokine ligand 2 (CCL2/MCP-1), and macrophage inflammatory protein-1beta (CCL4/MIP-1b); and inhibition of the expression of the enzymes inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS/NOS2) and prostaglandin E2 synthase (PGES), which prevent the production of nitric oxide (NO) and prostaglandin E (PGE2), respectively. In addition, it is able to regulate the expression of other genes involved in the regulation of tumor cell proliferation, such as extracellular signal-regulated and cyclin-dependent kinases. Also, it scavenges free radicals and prevents oxidative DNA damage. This induces apoptosis and inhibits proliferation in susceptible cancer cells. 
it is an organic cation that is phenothiazin-5-ium substituted by dimethylamino and amino groups at positions 3 and 7 respectively. The chloride salt is the histological dye 'azure B'. 
it is an optically active form of it having L-(2S,3R)-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and an it. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it, also known as it or it , belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a C21-steroid hormone that is 5alpha-pregnane substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 20. It is a metabolite of progestrone. It has a role as a human metabolite and a progestogen. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid hormone and a 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid. It derives from a progesterone. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-pregnane. 
it is a carbon oxoanion which is the dianion obtained by the deprotonation of the hydroxy group of hydrogenit. It is a carbon oxoanion and a member of its. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenit. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxypyrimidines obtained by cyclocondensation of L-arginine and methylglyoxal; a methyl glyoxal-derived advanced glycation end-product (AGE) in familial amyloidotic polyneuropathy and human cancers. It has a role as an epitope. It is a L-arginine derivative, a hydroxypyrimidine and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
(1R, 4R)-p-Mentha-2, 8-dien-1-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (1R, 4R)-p-Mentha-2, 8-dien-1-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (1R, 4R)-p-mentha-2, 8-dien-1-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (1R, 4R)-p-mentha-2, 8-dien-1-ol can be found in caraway and citrus. This makes (1R, 4R)-p-mentha-2, 8-dien-1-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a centrally acting adrenergic agonist with non-stimulant and antihypertensive property. it selectively stimulates alpha-2 adrenergic receptors in the central nervous system, thereby resulting in inhibition of sympathetic nervous system outflow. Used alone or in combination with other drugs, this agent causes reduction of peripheral and renal vascular resistance, and lowers both systolic and diastolic blood pressure and heart rate. 
it is a yellow powder or crystalline solid. It is denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. It may be toxic by ingestion. Likely to generate heat spontaneously upon exposure to air or water. May be sufficient to ignite the material. it is used as a fungicide. Formulations of it include mixing it with many other chemicals such as sulfur, zinc oxide and others to desensitize it. This is done to make it easer for application. 
Seed isolated from one of several species of the plant genus Linum. it-derived foods, lignans, and essential fatty acids such as alpha-linolenic acid, possess anti-inflammatory, lipid-lowering, antioxidant, and antineoplastic properties. 
A 6-kDa polypeptide growth factor initially discovered in mouse submaxillary glands. Human it was originally isolated from urine based on its ability to inhibit gastric secretion and called ite. it exerts a wide variety of biological effects including the promotion of proliferation and differentiation of mesenchymal and EPITHELIAL CELLS. It is synthesized as a transmembrane protein which can be cleaved to release a soluble active form. 
A bile salt formed in the liver from lithocholic acid conjugation with taurine, usually as the sodium salt. It solubilizes fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is a cholagogue and choleretic. 
Lysine is a diamino acid that is caproic (hexanoic) acid bearing two amino substituents at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid, a diamino acid and a polar amino acid. It contains a 4-aminobutyl group. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a lysinium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a lysinate. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the triphosphate OH groups of it; major species at pH 7.3. It derives from a GTP(3-). It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it, also known as liquiritate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Inosine Monophosphate Dehydrogenase Inhibitor it is an orally available, synthetic small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits inosine monosphosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH), an enzyme involved in the de novo synthesis of guanosine triphosphate (GTP), a purine molecule required for DNA and RNA synthesis. Inhibition of IMPDH deprives cancer cells of GTP, resulting in disruption of DNA and RNA synthesis, inhibition of cell proliferation, and the induction of apoptosis. it appears to have a selective effect on cancer cells in that deprivation of GTP in normal cells results in a temporary slowing of cell growth only. IMPDH is overexpressed in some cancer cells, particularly in hematological malignancies. 
Cuscohygrine, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkaloids and derivatives. These are naturally occurring chemical compounds that contain mostly basic nitrogen atoms. This group also includes some related compounds with neutral and even weakly acidic properties. Also some synthetic compounds of similar structure are attributed to alkaloids. In addition to carbon, hydrogen and nitrogen, alkaloids may also contain oxygen, sulfur and more rarely other elements such as chlorine, bromine, and phosphorus. Cuscohygrine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, cuscohygrine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cuscohygrine can be found in fruits and potato. This makes cuscohygrine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aromatic ether in which the ether functionality links two 2,3-dihydroxy-5-methylphenyl groups. Fungal metabolite isolated inter alia from Aspergillus spp. It has a role as a mycotoxin and a metabolite. It is a member of catechols and an aromatic ether. 
Biphenyl-4-ylacetic acid is a monocarboxylic acid in which one of the alpha-hydrogens is substituted by a biphenyl-4-yl group. An active metabolite of fenbufen, it is used as a topical medicine to treat muscle inflammation and arthritis. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a member of biphenyls and a monocarboxylic acid. It contains a biphenyl-4-yl group. It derives from an acetic acid. 
Tomatine, also known as a''-tomatidine or alpha -tomatine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. Tomatine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Tomatine has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, tomatine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, tomatine can be found in garden tomato, garden tomato (var. ), and potato. This makes tomatine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a naphthoquinone that is 1,4-naphthoquinone bearing two methoxy substituents at positions 2 and 3. Redox-cycling agent that induces intracellular superoxide anion formation and, depending on the concentration, induces cell proliferation, apoptosis or necrosis. Used to study the role of ROS in cell toxicity, apoptosis, and necrosis. It derives from a 1,4-naphthoquinone. 
it is a yellowish brown to red solid with a faint odor of ammonia. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in medicine, in making blueprints, and as a feed additive. 
it is a bluish-gray to dark blue powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an acid azo dye commonly used as a stain to distinguish viable from non-viable cells. It turns dead cells blue and viable cells unstained. It is a known animal carcinogen and an experimental teratogen. 
it is a bile acid glycine conjugate having hyocholic acid as the bile acid component. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hyocholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glycohyocholate. 
it is an optically active form of threonine having D-configuration. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a threonine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a D-threoninium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-threoninate. It is an enantiomer of a L-threonine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an azetidinecarboxylic acid that is the parent of the class of its. It is a conjugate acid of a mugineate(2-) and a mugineate(1-). 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2S)-3-hydroxy-2-phenylpropanoic acid with the hydroxy group of (2R,4S,5S,7s)-9-butyl-7-hydroxy-9-methyl-3-oxa-9-azoniatricyclo[3.3.1.0(2,4)]nonane. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is a carboxylic ester, an epoxide, a quaternary ammonium ion and a tropane alkaloid. 
it is a fatty amide that is the carboxamide derived from palmitic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of barbiturates that is barbituric acid in which the hydrogens at position 5 are substituted by an allyl group and an isobutyl group. Frequently combined with other medicines, such as aspirin, paracetamol and codeine, it is used for treatment of pain and headache. It has a role as a sedative and an analgesic. It derives from a barbituric acid. it is a barbiturate that exerts its effect by mimicking the inhibitory effect of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) by binding to a site, distinct from the benzodiazepine binding site, on the GABA receptor. This leads to an increase in the duration of GABA-mediated opening of chloride channels and enhances the inhibitory effect of GABA. Consequently, its physiologic effects include sedation, hypnosis, reduction of anxiety, and respiratory depression and the drug causes tolerance and dependence. 
it is an organic sodium salt having 3-[(4-anilinophenyl)diazenyl]benzene-1-sulfonate as the counterion. Used in one variant of Masson's trichrome to stain collagen yellow in contrast to the red muscle, but is not in common used. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a 3-[(4-anilinophenyl)diazenyl]benzene-1-sulfonate. 
it is a dihydropyridine that is 1,4-dihydropyridine which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 6, a (2-methoxyethoxy)carbonyl group at position 3, a m-nitrophenyl group at position 4, and an isopropoxycarbonyl group at position 5. An L-type calcium channel blocker, it acts particularly on cerebral circulation, and is used both orally and intravenously for the prevention and treatment of subarachnoid hemorrhage from ruptured intracranial aneurysm. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a calcium channel blocker, a vasodilator agent and a cardiovascular drug. It is a dihydropyridine, a C-nitro compound, a diester, a member of dicarboxylic acids and O-substituted derivatives, a 2-methoxyethyl ester and an isopropyl ester. it is a dihydropyridine derivative and an analogue of the calcium channel blocker nifedipine, with antihypertensive activity. it inhibits the transmembrane influx of calcium ions in response to depolarization in smooth muscle cells, thereby inhibiting vascular smooth muscle contraction and inducing vasodilatation. it has a greater effect on cerebral arteries than on peripheral smooth muscle cells and myocardial cells, probably because this agent can cross the blood brain barrier due to its lipophilic nature. Furthermore, this agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein, which is overexpressed in some multi-drug resistant tumors, and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. 
(3, 4, 5, 6-Tetrahydroxyoxan-2-yl)methyl acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharides. Monosaccharides are compounds containing one carbohydrate unit not glycosidically linked to another such unit, and no set of two or more glycosidically linked carbohydrate units. Monosaccharides have the general formula CnH2nOn (3, 4, 5, 6-Tetrahydroxyoxan-2-yl)methyl acetate is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as (ethoxycarbonyl)acetate or 3-ethoxy-3-oxopropanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a nitrogen mustard derivative that cross-links with DNA, causing inhibition of DNA synthesis. It may be used to treat certain cancers, but may cause a higher incidence of leukemia and a dose-related incidence of lung tumors in animals. (NCI) 
it is a thiol that is the alpha-anomeric glycoside of L-cysteinyl-D-glucosamine with L-malic acid. It has a role as an antioxidant, a cofactor and a bacterial metabolite. It is a glycoside, a thiol and a monosaccharide derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Franguloside, also known as it a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthraquinones. These are organic compounds containing either anthracene-9, 10-quinone, 1, 4-anthraquinone, or 1, 2-anthraquinone. Franguloside exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, franguloside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, franguloside can be found in green vegetables. This makes franguloside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
D-2-aminopentanoic acid is a 2-aminopentanoic acid that has R-configuration. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and a 2-aminopentanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-2-aminopentanoic acid. 
An N-acyl derivative of neuraminic acid. N-acetylneuraminic acid occurs in many polysaccharides, glycoproteins, and glycolipids in animals and bacteria. (From Dorland, 28th ed, p1518) 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of clomipramine and hydrogen chloride. One of the more sedating tricyclic antidepressants, it is used for the treatment of depression as well as obsessive-compulsive disorder and phobias. It has a role as an antidepressant, a serotonergic antagonist, a serotonergic drug and an anticoronaviral agent. It contains a clomipramine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of clomipramine, a tertiary amine salt derivative of dibenzazepine. it is a tricyclic antidepressant that acts by reducing the re-uptake of norepinephrine and serotonin in the central nervous system, thereby enhancing the effects of these neurotransmitters. This drug also binds to alpha-adrenergic, histaminergic, and cholinergic receptors which are responsible for the many side effects seen with this agent. 
it atom is the radioactive isotope of phosphorus with relative atomic mass 32.971725, half-life of 25.34 days and nuclear spin (1)/2. 
it is a semi-synthetic, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with a narrow spectrum of activity. it has activity against Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus but little activity against other bacteria. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of 4-methyl-5-(2-phosphonooxyethyl)thiazole; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 4-methyl-5-(2-phosphonooxyethyl)thiazole. 
Obtained as a trihydrate and as a hexahydrate. Both are blue crystalline solids. Used in medicine, as an insecticide, in chemical analysis, in making light sensitive papers. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. it is an inorganic nitrate salt having copper(2+) as the couterion. It contains a copper(2+). 
it appears as white crystals. Ignite easily and burn readily. May detonate under strong shock. Decomposes when heated, evolving toxic gases. Toxic by skin absorption, inhalation or ingestion. 
Benzene-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 5-unsubstituted pyrrogallols. These are pyrrogallols that are unsubstituted at th5-position of the benzene ring. Benzene-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a methanopterin derivative in which the methanopterin is modified by amide formation with L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of tiagabine and hydrogen chloride. A GABA reuptake inhibitor, it is used for the treatment of epilepsy. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a GABA reuptake inhibitor. It contains a tiagabine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of tiagabine, a nipecotic acid derivative with anticonvulsant property. it inhibits the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) transporter type 1 (GAT1), which is predominantly localized in presynaptic terminals of neurons thereby preventing the reuptake of GABA by the presynaptic endings. Consequently, this increases the level of available GABA within the synaptic cleft, thereby resulting in prolongation of its inhibitory actions. Tiagabine is effective against maximum electroshock seizures and both limbic and generalized tonic-clonic seizures. 
A cyclic octapeptide with a thioether bridge between the cystine and tryptophan. It inhibits RNA POLYMERASE II. Poisoning may require LIVER TRANSPLANTATION. 
Octafluorobut-2-ene appears as a colorless, nonflammable gas. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a thiourea resulting from the formal condensation of the secondary amino group of 1-methylpiperazine and the primary amino group of N-(4-nitrophenyl)benzene-1,4-diamine with carbonothioic O,O-acid. It has a role as an antinematodal drug. It is a C-nitro compound, a N-methylpiperazine, a member of thioureas and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a diphenylamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of chromones that is chromone which is substituted by a 2-phenylethyl group at position 2. It is found in agarwood, a fragrant resinous heartwood obtained from certain trees in the genus Aquilaria. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of chromones and a member of benzenes. It derives from a chromone. 
it is an arsonium ion consisting of four phenyl groups attached to a central arsonium. It derives from a hydride of an arsonium. 
Nerolidol, also known as peruviol or (+/-)-nerolidol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Nerolidol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, nerolidol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Nerolidol is a citrus, floral, and green tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as lime, pummelo, tea, and bitter gourd. This makes nerolidol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. Nerolidol is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a colorless, odorless gas. Prolonged exposure to it rich atmospheres may be fatal. It is easily ignited. It is just lighter than air and a flame can flash back to the source of leak very easily. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may violently rupture and rocket. it is a one-carbon compound in which the carbon is joined only to a single oxygen. It is a colourless, odourless, tasteless, toxic gas. It has a role as a neurotoxin, a signalling molecule, a vasodilator agent, a neurotransmitter, a metabolite, a P450 inhibitor, a ligand, a biomarker, a probe, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, an EC 1.9.3.1 (cytochrome c oxidase) inhibitor and a mitochondrial respiratory-chain inhibitor. It is a one-carbon compound, a gas molecular entity and a carbon oxide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an odorless, tasteless, poisonous gas, CO, that results from the incomplete combustion of carbon. Inhalation causes central nervous system damage and asphyxiation. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of betaxolol, a beta-1-selective adrenergic receptor antagonist without intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. it acts on the heart and circulatory system and decreases cardiac contractility and rate, thereby reducing cardiac output. When applied topically in the eye, it lowers intraocular pressure by reducing aqueous humor secretion. 
it, also known as fema 2981, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a bitter, citrus, and geranium taste. 
Dodecyl sulfate, [diethanolamine salt] appears as clear to pale-yellow liquid with a mild odor. May float or sink and mix with water. (USCG, 1999) 
, also known as 1-decanol acetate or decyl ethanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. is a citrus, clean, and fresh tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), pomes, lime, and green vegetables. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a ribitol phosphate. It derives from a riboflavin. it is the phosphate sodium salt form of riboflavin, a water-soluble and essential micronutrient that is the principal growth-promoting factor in naturally occurring vitamin B complexes. Riboflavin phosphate sodium is converted to 2 coenzymes, flavin mononucleotide (FMN) and flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD), which are necessary for energy production by aiding in the metabolism of fats, carbohydrates and proteins and are required for red blood cell formation and respiration, antibody production and for regulating human growth and reproduction. Riboflavin phosphate sodium is essential for healthy skin, nails and hair growth. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 16, 21, 22 and 28 (the 3beta,16alpha,21beta,22alpha stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a pentol and a sapogenin. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 1-(2,2-difluoro-1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)cyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid with the aromatic amino group of 3-(6-amino-3-methylpyridin-2-yl)benzoic acid. Used for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. It has a role as a CFTR potentiator and an orphan drug. It is a member of benzoic acids, a member of pyridines, an aromatic amide, a member of cyclopropanes, a member of benzodioxoles and an organofluorine compound. 
it is a member of the class of anthraquinones that is 10-oxo-3-(3-oxobutanoyl)-9,10-dihydroanthracen-2-yl]acetic acid bearing two additional hydroxy substituents at positions 4 and 5. An intermediate in the biosynthesis of nogalamycin. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of anthracenes, an oxo monocarboxylic acid, a polyketide, a polyphenol, an aromatic ketone and a cyclic ketone. It derives from an anthrone. It is a conjugate acid of a 12-deoxynogalonate(1-). 
it is a pyrrolopyrazine that is hexahydropyrrolo[1,2-a]pyrazine-1,4-dione bearing an indol-3-ylmethyl substituent at position 3 (the 3S,8aS-diastereomer, obtained by formal cyclocondensation of L-tryptophan and L-proline). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pyrrolopyrazine, a member of indoles and a dipeptide. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of linolenic acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from an alpha-linolenic acid. 
it is a straight-chain alkane with 15 carbon atoms. It is a component of volatile oils isolated from plants species like Scandix balansae. It has a role as an animal metabolite, a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it is a tocotrienol that is chroman-6-ol substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 7 and 8 and a farnesyl chain at position 2. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a tocotrienol and a vitamin E. 
CTI-01 (it) is a novel anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of critical inflammatory conditions. CTI-01 shows a  potent anti-inflammatory and tissue protection activity in multiple animal models of disease including pancreatitis, ischemia-reperfusion injury, sepsis, renal injury and endotoxemia. 
it is a tricyclic diterpenoid that is ent-sandaracopimaradiene bearing additional hydroxy and oxo substituents at the 3alpha- and 7-positions respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
cis-2-Coumarate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. cis-2-Coumarate is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a hydroxyquinoxaline that consists of quinoxaline having a single hydroxy substituent located at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a quinoxaline. 
5beta,9alpha,10alpha-labda-8(20),13-dien-15-yl diphosphate(3-) is an organophosphate oxoanion that is a trianion resulting from the removal of all three protons from the diphosphate group of 5beta,9alpha,10alpha-labda-8(20),13-dien-15-yl diphosphate. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 5beta,9alpha,10alpha-labda-8(20),13-dien-15-yl diphosphate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a plant metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a phenylpropanoid and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydroferulate. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00417261 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacodynamic and Pharmacokinetic Effects of Single and Multiple-Doses of ATF936 and it Administered Orally in Healthy Subjects.). 
it is a sulfonamide containing a benzamido substituent on nitrogen. An antibacterial/antimicrobial, it is often used in conjunction with sulfathiazole and sulfacetamide as a topical, intravaginal antibacterial preparation. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial drug. It is a sulfonamide, a member of benzenes and a sulfonamide antibiotic. it is a sulfonamide antibacterial agent used alone or with sulfathiazole and sulfacetamide as a topical, intravaginal antibacterial preparation. 
its, n.o.s. appears as a crystalline solid or the solid dissolved in a liquid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a tetracycline-like polyketide antibiotic that is produced by several species of Penicillium and Aspergillus. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a fungal metabolite, an EC 2.5.1.31 {ditrans,polycis-undecaprenyl-diphosphate synthase [(2E,6E)-farnesyl-diphosphate specific]} inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic polycyclic compound, a polyketide, an enone, an enamide, an enol, a spiro compound, an aromatic ether, a polyphenol, an aromatic ketone, a cyclic ketone, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a primary carboxamide. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the dihydrate form of tolmetin sodium. Used as a nonselective nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It has a role as an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is an organic sodium salt and a hydrate. It contains a tolmetin sodium. Tolmetin Sodium is the sodium salt form of tolmetin, an arylalkanoic acid and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic, anti-inflammatory and antipyretic activities. Although the exact mechanism through which tolmetin exerts its effects has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent appears to inhibit the enzyme prostaglandin synthase. This prevents the formation of prostaglandins from prostaglandin precursors, including the synthesis of the inflammatory prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) from the precursor prostaglandin H2 (PGH2). This prevents prostaglandin-mediated effects, including pain, inflammation and fever. 
it is a clear, colorless liquid with an agreeable aromatic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent that is a four-membered ring comprising of three carbon atoms and an oxygen atom. It is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent and a member of its. 
(+)-6-Hydroxy-2, 6-dimethyl-7-octen-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-hydroxy ketones. These are ketones containing a hydroxyl group attached to the beta-carbon atom, relative to the C=O group (+)-6-Hydroxy-2, 6-dimethyl-7-octen-4-one is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (+)-6-hydroxy-2, 6-dimethyl-7-octen-4-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (+)-6-hydroxy-2, 6-dimethyl-7-octen-4-one can be found in citrus. This makes (+)-6-hydroxy-2, 6-dimethyl-7-octen-4-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamaldehydes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a cinnamlaldehyde moiety, consisting of a benzene and an aldehyde group to form 3-phenylprop-2-enal. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organic phosphonate that is the disoproxil ester of tenofovir. A prodrug for tenofovir, an HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor, it is used as the fumaric acid salt in combination therapy for the treatment of HIV infection. It has a role as a prodrug, a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It derives from a tenofovir (anhydrous). Tenofovir Disoproxil Fumarate is a pro-drug, fumaric acid salt form of tenofovir, a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of adenosine. it fumarate is prescribed to treat HIV and chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) in adults. 
it is a prodrug of acyclovir with activity against viruses in the herpesvirus family. it is absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and is converted to acyclovir by xanthine oxidase. Acyclovir is further converted to cyclovir triphosphate by viral thymidine kinase and competitively inhibits viral DNA polymerase by incorporating into the growing viral DNA chain and terminating further polymerization. 
it is a sulfonamide that is benzene-1,3-disulfonamide in which the hydrogens at positions 4 and 5 are substituted by chlorine. An oral carbonic anhydrase inhibitor, it partially suppresses the secretion (inflow) of aqueous humor in the eye and so reduces intraocular pressure. It is used for the treatment of glaucoma. It has a role as an EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor, an antiglaucoma drug and an ophthalmology drug. It is a sulfonamide and a dichlorobenzene. 
Tucatinbib is a kinase inhibitor drug used with [trastuzumab] and [capecitabine] in the treatment of unresectable or metastatic HER-2 positive breast cancer. It was developed by Seattle Genetics and approved by the FDA on April 17, 2020. it is a promising new treatment for patients with metastatic breast cancer who have not responded adequately to other chemotherapy regimens. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the human epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase ErbB-2 (also called HER2) with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits the phosphorylation of ErbB-2, which may prevent the activation of ErbB-2 signal transduction pathways, resulting in growth inhibition and death of ErbB-2-expressing tumor cells. ErbB-2 is overexpressed in a variety of cancers and plays an important role in cellular proliferation and differentiation. 
it is a member of the class of 1,2,4-triazines that is 1,2,4-triazine-3,5(2H,4H)-dione substituted by an amino group at position 4 and a tert-butyl group at position 6. It is a metabolite of metribuzin. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a diketone and a member of 1,2,4-triazines. 
it is a pentol that is (3S,5R,10R,12S,14S,15R,16R)-12,16-dimethylicosane-3,5,10,14,15-pentol in which the pro-S hydrogen at position 2 is substituted by an amino group. It results from hydrolysis of the O-acyl bonds of fumonisin B1. It is a pentol and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
(+)-catechin-3-O-gallate is a gallate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of gallic acid with the (3S)-hydroxy group of (+)-catechin. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a gallate ester, a polyphenol and a member of flavans. It derives from a (+)-catechin and a gallic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-catechin-3-O-gallate. 
it is an oxylipin, an olefinic compound, a secondary alcohol and a prostaglandins H. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a carboxylic ester that is the methyl ester of (1R,2R)-2-ethyl-2,5,7-trihydroxy-4,6,11-trioxo-1,2,3,4,6,11-hexahydrotetracene-1-carboxylic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a polyphenol, a tertiary alcohol, a tetracenomycin, a carbopolycyclic compound, a member of tetracenequinones, a methyl ester and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a yellow crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in chemical analysis, in making pigments for paints and inks, as a fungicide, and to make other chromium compounds. it is a potassium salt consisting of potassium and chromate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and an oxidising agent. It contains a chromate(2-). it is a yellowish, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic chromium fumes upon heating. it is highly corrosive and is a strong oxidizing agent. This substance is used in the manufacture of dyes and in textile dyeing processes. it primarily affects the nose, throat and lungs causing ulcerations, shortness of breath, bronchitis, pneumonia and asthma but can also affect the gastrointestinal tract, liver, kidneys and immune system. This substance is a known human carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer and cancer of the sinonasal cavity. (NCI05) 
An agent derived from licorice root. It is used for the treatment of digestive tract ulcers, especially in the stomach. Antidiuretic side effects are frequent, but otherwise the drug is low in toxicity. 
it is an acyclic mixed acid anhydride that results from the formal condensation of the phosphoryl group of AMP with the carboxyl group of 2-hydroxybenzoic acid. It is an acyclic mixed acid anhydride and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It derives from a salicylic acid and an adenosine 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
3,3&#39;-dichlorobenzidine is a gray to purple crystalline powder. Insoluble in water. Very toxic. Used in the dye industry, curing agent for isocyanate terminated resins. it is an organochlorine compound, a member of biphenyls and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a synthetic, light-sensitive, gray to purple crystalline solid that is insoluble in cold water but is soluble in ether, benzene, glacial acetic acid and alcohol. It is used primarily in the manufacture of pigments for printing ink, textiles, paper, paint, rubber, and plastics and as a curing agent for isocyanate-containing polymers and solid urethane plastics. When heated to decomposition, 3,3-dichlorobenzidine emits toxic fumes of chlorinated compounds and nitrogen oxides. The primary routes of potential human exposure to 3,3-dichlorobenzidine are inhalation of airborne dust, ingestion of contaminated well water by those living near hazardous waste sites, and dermal contact, primarily during industrial operations. Contact with this compound may cause dermatitis. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an azoxy compound that is acrylic acid in which the olefinic hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by an isobutyl-ONN-azoxy group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is an azoxy compound and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, L-dopaquinone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a small molecule inhibitor of the BET (Bromodomain and Extra-Terminal) family of bromodomain-containing proteins with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to the acetylated lysine recognition motifs on the bromodomain of BET proteins, thereby preventing the interaction between the BET proteins and acetylated histone peptides. This disrupts chromatin remodeling and gene expression. Prevention of the expression of certain growth-promoting genes may lead to an inhibition of tumor cell growth. Characterized by a tandem repeat of bromodomain at the N-terminus, BET proteins, comprising of BRD2, BRD3, BRD4 and BRDT, are transcriptional regulators that play an important role during development and cellular growth. 
it appears as an oily straw yellow clear liquid with a hydrocarbon odor. Flash point 190-196Â°F. Specific gravity 0.76. Boiling point 456Â°F. Repeated or prolonged skin contact may irritate or redden skin, progressing to dermatitis. Exposure to high concentrations of vapor may result in headache and stupor. it is a straight chain alkane containing 13 carbon atoms. It forms a component of the essential oils isolated from plants such as Abelmoschus esculentus. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it, also known as fema 2639, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, banana, and bergamot tasting compound that can be found in fruits and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a perchlorometallate anion having six chlorines and palladium(IV) as the metal component. It is a perchlorometallate anion and a palladium coordination entity. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having succinyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an O-acylcarnitine and a hemisuccinate. It derives from a carnitine. 
it is a broad spectrum antibiotic used orally, topically and parenterally for bacterial infections due to sensitive organisms. it has been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. it is a semisynthetic broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of the parent compound lincomycin. it dissociates peptidyl-tRNA from the bacterial ribosome, thereby disrupting bacterial protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a tripeptide composed of two L-leucine units and glycine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a glycine. 
it is a pentenoic acid having the double bond at position 4. It is a conjugate acid of a pent-4-enoate. 
it is a zirconium coordination entity consisting of zirconium(IV) bound to oxygen via a double bond and to two chlorines. 
it is an AT1 receptor antagonist. It is based on medications of losartan's prototypical chemical structure. The mode of (functional) AT1 receptor antagonism has been characterized as insurmountable/noncompetitive for it.  It is very likely that slow dissociation kinetics from the AT1 receptor underlie insurmountable antagonism. 
it is a furoic acid that is furan-3-carboxylic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 4, a propyl group at position 5 and a 2-carboxyethyl group at position 2. It is a potent uremic toxin that has been found to accumulate in human serum of patients with chronic kidney diseases. It has a role as a uremic toxin and a human metabolite. It is a furoic acid and a dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-carboxy-4-methyl-5-propyl-2-furanpropanoate. 
, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. Thus, is considered to be a steroid lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an L-tyrosine derivative in which the tyrosine skeleton is substituted with a methoxy group at C-3 of the phenyl ring and with a methyl group at the alpha carbon. It can also be regarded as a 3-O-methyl,alpha-methyl derivative of L-dopa. It derives from an alpha-methyl-L-dopa. 
Guaicyl acetate, also known as eucol or 2-acetoxyanisole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. Guaicyl acetate exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, guaicyl acetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Guaicyl acetate has a sweet, clove, and dry taste. 
it is a member of the class of sulfamic acids that is sulfamic acid carrying an N-cyclohexyl substituent. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a sulfamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a cyclohexylsulfamate. 
it, also known as ((furfurylthio)methyl)pyrazine or 6-methyl-2-pyrazinyl 2-furfuryl sulfide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-[(2-furanylmethyl)thio]-6-methylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a biopterin in which the 1,2-dihydroxypropyl group has (1R,2S)-configuration; naturally occurring form. It is an enantiomer of a D-erythro-biopterin. 
Norelgestromin is a drug used in contraception. Norelgestromin is the active progestin responsible for the progestational activity that occurs in women after application of ORTHO EVRA patch. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl heptanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, apricot, and banana taste. 
Sucrose, also known as cane sugar or saccharose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. Sucrose exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Sucrose has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in most biofluids, including blood, saliva, feces, and urine. Within the cell, sucrose is primarily located in the myelin sheath. Sucrose exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Sucrose participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Sucrose and D-galactose can be biosynthesized from raffinose through the action of the enzyme Alpha-galactosidase a. Furthermore, Sucrose can be converted into D-galactose and D-fructose; which is mediated by the enzyme lysosomal alpha-glucosidase. Finally, Sucrose can be biosynthesized from Alpha-D-glucose and D-fructose through its interaction with the enzyme sucrase-isomaltase, intestinal. In humans, sucrose is involved in the galactose metabolism pathway and the starch and sucrose metabolism pathway. Sucrose is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the glycogenosis, type iii. cori disease, debrancher glycogenosis pathway, the glycogenosis, type vi. hers disease pathway, the galactosemia pathway, and the mucopolysaccharidosis vi. sly syndrome pathway. Outside of the human body, sucrose can be found in a number of food items such as horchata, eastern oyster, corn grits, and rye. This makes sucrose a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a bis-naphthalimide compound with anticancer activity. it selectively intercalates guanine-cytosine (GC) rich regions of DNA, thereby interfering with DNA replication machinery and activity of topoisomerase II. As a result, this agent causes potent cytotoxicity. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpene lactones. These are diterpenoids containing a lactone moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, rosmaricine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, rosmaricine can be found in herbs and spices and rosemary. This makes rosmaricine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a yellow solid. Sinks in and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a member of the class of its that is phenol in which one of the hydrogens that is ortho to the hydroxy group has been replaced by a nitro group. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. 
2-amino-2,4-dimethyl-pentane nitrile appears as a clear red liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Produces toxic fumes during combustion. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic n-nitroso compounds. These are organic compounds containing a n-nitroso group -NN=O. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-[(3-methylbutyl)nitrosoamino]-2-butanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-[(3-methylbutyl)nitrosoamino]-2-butanone can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes 3-[(3-methylbutyl)nitrosoamino]-2-butanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fruity odor. Flash point 24Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. it is the acetate ester formed between acetic acid and ethanol. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, an EC 3.4.19.3 (pyroglutamyl-peptidase I) inhibitor, a metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an acetate ester, an ethyl ester and a volatile organic compound. 
Mannobiose is a glycosylmannose that is D-mannopyranose attached to a beta-D-mannopyranosyl group at position 4 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Sorbose is a ketohexose often involved in the commercial production of vitamin C. It has been found to occur naturally in grapes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is an oligopeptide composed of L-glutamine, L-tyrosine, L-isoleucine, L-lysine, L-alanine, L-asparagine, L-serine, L-lysine, L-phenylalanine, L-isoleucine, glycine, L-isoleucine, L-threonine, L-glutamic acid and L-leucine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is the 1,2-dehydro derivative of geissoschizoline. Isolated from Geissospermum sericeum, it exhibits antiplasmodial activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a primary alcohol. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sarcoma, Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, Liver Cancer, and Kidney Cancer, among others. it is a piperidinedione antineoplaston with potential antineoplastic activity. it was originally isolated from human urine but is now synthetically derived. This agent intercalates into DNA, resulting in cell cycle arrest in G1 phase, reduction of mitosis, and decreased protein synthesis. it may also inhibit ras-oncogene expression and activate tumor suppressor gene p53, leading to cell differentiation and apoptosis. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of phenylacetic acids that is phenylacetic acid in which the phenyl group is substituted by iodo, hydroxy and nitro groups at positions 3, 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as an antigen. It is an organoiodine compound, a member of 2-nitrophenols and a member of phenylacetic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a (4-hydroxy-5-iodo-3-nitrophenyl)acetate. 
it is a quinolizidine alkaloid that is sparteine in which the hydrogen atom at position 6 is in the beta-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it appears as a grayish green to bluish green powder. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in tanning and in textile dyeing. 
it is a synthetic piperazine derivative with hypotensive antiadrenergic properties, it reduces peripheral resistance and relaxes vascular smooth muscles as a selective adrenergic alpha-1 antagonist by a mechanism not completely known. It is used in the treatment of heart failure, hypertension, pheochromocytoma, Raynaud's syndrome, prostatic hypertrophy, and urinary retention. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives. Hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives are compounds containing an cinnamic acid (or a derivative thereof) where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and Cytomegalovirus Infections. it is a nucleoside analog of deoxyguanine with broad-spectrum antiviral activity. it is phosphorylated in vivo to its triphosphate form and inhibits viral DNA polymerase and viral DNA replication. 
it is a phenethylamine alkaloid that is tyramine in which one of the amino hydrogens has been replaced by a 3,4-dihydroxybenzyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a phenethylamine alkaloid, a polyphenol, a secondary amino compound and a member of catechols. It derives from a tyramine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Antibiotic produced by Streptomyces pactum used as an antineoplastic agent. It is also used as a tool in biochemistry because it inhibits certain steps in protein synthesis. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of hydroxyzine, a piperazine histamine H1-receptor antagonist with anti-allergic, antispasmodic, sedative, anti-emetic and anti-anxiety properties. Hydroxyzine hydrochloride blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilatation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In addition, it crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts on the histamine H1-receptors in the central nervous system. (NCI05) 
it is riboflavin in which the nitrogen at position 5 is replaced by CH and the methyl groups at positions 7 and 8 are substituted by hydrogen and hydroxy, respectively. It has a role as a prosthetic group. It derives from a riboflavin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the anhydrous hydrochloride salt form of spectinomycin, an aminocyclitol aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces spectabilis with bacteriostatic activity. Spectinomycin binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the initiation of protein synthesis and with proper protein elongation. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it is an O-sulfoamino acid and an aryl sulfate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a 3,3',5-triiodo-L-thyronine. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of Janus kinases 1 and 2 (JAK1/2), with potential anti-inflammatory, immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it binds to JAK1/2, which inhibits JAK1/2 activation and leads to the inhibition of the JAK-signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT) signaling pathway. This decreases the production of inflammatory cytokines and may prevent an inflammatory response. In addition, it may induce apoptosis and reduce proliferation of JAK1/2-expressing tumor cells. JAK kinases are intracellular enzymes involved in cytokine signaling, inflammation, immune function and hematopoiesis; they are also upregulated and/or mutated in various tumor cell types. 
it is a benzoate ester that is the methyl ester of vanillic acid. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is a benzoate ester, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It derives from a vanillic acid. 
4,4',4''-(4-propylpyrazole-1,3,5-triyl)trisphenol is a pyrazole that is 1H-pyrazole bearing three 4-hydroxyphenyl substituents at positions 1, 3 and 5 as well as a propyl substituent at position 4. Potent, subtype-selective estrogen receptor agonist (EC50 ~ 200 pM); displays 410-fold selectivity for ERalpha over ERbeta. Prevents ovariectomy-induced weight gain and loss of bone mineral density, and induces gene expression in the hypothalamus following systemic administration in vivo. It has a role as an estrogen receptor agonist. It is a member of pyrazoles and a member of phenols. 
(-)-catechin-3-O-gallate is a gallate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of gallic acid with the (3R)-hydroxy group of (-)-catechin. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a gallate ester, a polyphenol and a member of flavans. It derives from a (-)-catechin and a gallic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-catechin-3-O-gallate. 
Aldoxorubicin is a 6-maleimidocaproyl hydrazone derivative prodrug of the anthracycline antibiotic doxorubicin (DOXO-EMCH) with antineoplastic activity. Following intravenous administration, aldoxorubicin binds selectively to the cysteine-34 position of albumin via its maleimide moiety. Doxorubicin is released from the albumin carrier after cleavage of the acid-sensitive hydrazone linker within the acidic environment of tumors and, once located intracellularly, intercalates DNA, inhibits DNA synthesis, and induces apoptosis. Albumin tends to accumulate in solid tumors as a result of high metabolic turnover, rapid angiogenesis, hypervasculature, and impaired lymphatic drainage. Because of passive accumulation within tumors, this agent may improve the therapeutic effects of doxorubicin while minimizing systemic toxicity. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3 and 6 and a methyl group at position 8. It has been isolated from Wardomyces anomalus. It has a role as an antimalarial and a fungal metabolite. It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-5-(methylthio)thiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a parenterally administered, selective thrombin inhibitor that is used to decrease the risk of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolus in patients undergoing hip replacement surgery. it has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. it is a synthetic recombinant form of the naturally occurring hirudin, the anticoagulant substance found in leech. it is a selective and almost irreversible inhibitor of thrombin, both free and clot-bound, by blocking its active site. This anticoagulant agent has no effect on other components of the hemostatic system. it is particularly used to prevent deep vein thrombosis in patients undergoing hip and knee replacement surgery. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetracarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly four carboxyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it (it) is a paramagnetic gadolinium-containing contrast agent in which its salt form, it disodium, is used for intravenous injection. Ethoxybenzyl diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid is the moiety that chelates with a gadolinium ion and forms a stable complex with it to make up the drug. It is marketed by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals and FDA approved on July 3, 2008. 
it is a dihydroxyquinoline that is quinoline in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 6 are replaced by hydroxy groups. 
it is a sulfamate ester that is 1,2,3-oxathiazin-4(3H)-one 2,2-dioxide substituted by a methyl group at position 6. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a sweetening agent. It is a sulfamate ester, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, an oxacycle and an organic heteromonocyclic compound. 
it is a ribose monophosphate and a N-glycosyl compound. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a 2,3-dihydro-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid in which both stereocentres have S-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (2R,3R)-2,3-dihydro-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a guanidinium ion resulting from the protonation of the guanidinyl group of L-arginine amide. It is a conjugate acid of a L-arginine amide. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is N-(methanesulfonyl)-2-{4-[(propan-2-yl)(pyrazin-2-yl)amino]butoxy}acetamide carrying two additional phenyl substituents at positions 5 and 6 on the pyrazine ring. An orphan drug used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is a prodrug for ACT-333679 (the free carboxylic acid). It has a role as an orphan drug, a prostacyclin receptor agonist, a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a vasodilator agent and a prodrug. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, an ether, a member of pyrazines, an aromatic amine, a tertiary amino compound and a N-sulfonylcarboxamide. It derives from an ACT-333679. 
it is an aziridine alkylating agent that cross-links with DNA, causing inhibition of DNA synthesis. It has been used as a chemosterilant. (NCI) 
it is an N-acylglycine where the acyl group is specified as acetyl. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-amino acid and a N-acylglycine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetylglycinate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-prenylated flavones. These are flavones that features a C5-isoprenoid substituent at the 2'-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Melanoma, Solid Tumours, Cervical Cancer, and HER2/Neu Negative, among others. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase Akt (protein kinase B) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the activity of Akt, which may result in inhibition of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway and tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. Activation of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis and dysregulated PI3K/Akt signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
it, also known as mucotherm, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridinecarboxylic acids. Pyridinecarboxylic acids are compounds containing a pyridine ring bearing a carboxylic acid group. it is soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, it can be found in sweet orange. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a C18, saturated fatty acid composed of octadecanoic acid having an 11,12-methylene substituent forming a cyclopropane. It is a carbocyclic fatty acid, a saturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. 
it is a tetracarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of gadoteric acid. It is a conjugate base of a gadoteric acid. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of choline sulfates. It is a conjugate acid of a choline sulfate. 
it, originally named AP26113, is a reversible dual inhibitor of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). It presents selectivity against the mutant forms of EGFR compared to the wild-type. It also exhibits selectivity against 9 different Crizotinib-resistant mutants of the EML4-ALK fusion gene, which is a pivotal player in the transformation of susceptible lung parenchyma. it was developed by Ariad Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, and FDA-approved on April 28, 2017. it is an orally available inhibitor of receptor tyrosine kinases anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) and the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits ALK kinase and ALK fusion proteins as well as EGFR and mutant forms. This leads to the inhibition of ALK kinase and EGFR kinase, disrupts their signaling pathways and eventually inhibits tumor cell growth in susceptible tumor cells. In addition, AP26113 appears to overcome mutation-based resistance. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development; ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a series of tumors. EGFR is overexpressed in a variety of cancer cell types. 
it is a light green to steel-blue powder. Acquires a greenish-brown tint under exposure to sunlight. (NTP, 1992) it is the 10H-tautomer of it. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tautomer of a 4aH-it, a 1H-it and a 3H-it. it is a class of agents exhibiting antiemetic, antipsychotic, antihistaminic, and anticholinergic activities. its antagonize the dopamine D2-receptor in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) of the brain, potentially preventing chemotherapy-induced emesis. In addition, these agents have peripherally or centrally antagonistic activity against alpha adrenergic, serotonergic, histaminic, and muscarinic receptors. (NCI) 
it is a piperidine alkaloid comprising the 14,15,16,17-tetradehydro derivative of veratraman having two hydroxy groups at the 3- and 23-positions. It derives from a hydride of a veratraman. 
it is an organic chloride salt having dibenziodolium as the counterion. It has a role as an EC 1.6.3.1. [NAD(P)H oxidase (H2O2-forming)] inhibitor and a G-protein-coupled receptor agonist. It contains a dibenziodolium. 
(-)-it is a member of the classs of octahydronaphthalenes and a sesquiterpene that is 1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,7-octahydronaphthalene which is substituted by an isopropenyl group at position 3 and by methyl groups at positions 4a and 5 (the 3R,4aR,5S- diastereoisomer). It is a member of octahydronaphthalenes, a polycyclic olefin and a sesquiterpene. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
Siccanin is a succinate dehydrogenase inhibitor originally isolated from the pathogenic fungus Helminthosposium siccans with antifungal activity. Siccanin, in a quinone-dependent manner, inhibits succinate dehydrogenase in the terminal electron transport chain thereby disrupting cellular respiration. 
Streptomycin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of streptomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces griseus with antibacterial property. Streptomycin sulfate binds to the S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide elongation and protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. 
it is a dipeptide formed from glycine and L-phenylalanine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a polyether antibiotic that is isolated from cultures of a strain of Streptomyces albus. It has a role as an ionophore. It is a polyether antibiotic, a member of oxolanes, a cyclic hemiketal and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a carbamate ester that is methyl 1H-benzimidazol-2-ylcarbamate substituted by a propylsulfanyl group at position 5. It is commonly used in the treatment of parasitic worm infestations. It has a role as a tubulin modulator, a microtubule-destabilising agent and an anthelminthic drug. It is a carbamate ester, a benzimidazolylcarbamate fungicide, an aryl sulfide and a member of benzimidazoles. it is a broad-spectrum, synthetic benzimidazole-derivative anthelmintic. it interferes with the reproduction and survival of helminths by inhibiting the formation of microtubules from tubulin. This leads to an impaired uptake of glucose, a depletion of glycogen stores, and results in the worm's death. it is used in the treatment of dog and pork tapeworm-causing diseases, including hydatid disease and neurocysticercosis. it may also be used to treat a variety of other roundworm infections. (NCI05) 
1,2,3,4,6-pentakis-O-galloyl-beta-D-glucose is a galloyl-beta-D-glucose compound having five galloyl groups in the 1-, 2-, 3-, 4- and 6-positions. It is a gallate ester and a galloyl beta-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,2,3,4,6-pentakis-O-galloyl-beta-D-glucose(1-). 
it is 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are both specified as heptadecanoyl. It derives from a heptadecanoic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the fumarate salt of an orally-active benzimidazole derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. As a retinoic acid metabolism blocking agent (RAMBA), liarozole inhibits cytochrome P450-dependent all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA)-4-hydroxylase, resulting in an increase in endogenous ATRA production, inhibition of cell proliferation, and induction of cell differentiation. This agent also inhibits aromatase, the enzyme that catalyzes the final, rate-limiting step in estrogen biosynthesis. 
it is needed for the new reaction: trans,octacis-decaprenyl phosphate + 5-phospho-alpha-D-ribose 1-diphosphate = trans,octacis-decaprenylphospho-beta-D-ribofuranose 5-phosphate + diphosphate It is a conjugate base of a trans,octacis-decaprenylphospho-beta-D-ribofuranose 5-phosphate. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Metastatic Breast Cancer and Locally Advanced Breast Cancer. Steroid sulfatase inhibitor BN 83495 selectively binds to and inhibits steroid sulfatase (STS), which may inhibit the production of locally active estrogens and so inhibit estrogen-dependent cell growth in tumor cells, such as those of the breast, ovary, and endometrium. STS is a cytoplasmic enzyme responsible for the conversion of circulating inactive estrone sulfate and estradiol sulfate to biologically active unconjugated estrone and estradiol, respectively. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03218826 (PI3Kbeta Inhibitor it and Docetaxel in Treating Patients Advanced Solid Tumors With PTEN or PIK3CB Mutations That Are Metastatic or Cannot Be Removed by Surgery). 
Transparent colorless crystals or white crystalline solid. Aromatic penetrating slightly acrid odor and a slightly bitter caustic taste. Alcoholic solution (1 in 20) does not at once redden moistened blue litmus paper. (NTP, 1992) it is an organochlorine compound that is the hydrate of trichloroacetaldehyde. It has a role as a sedative, a general anaesthetic, a mouse metabolite and a xenobiotic. It is an organochlorine compound, an aldehyde hydrate and an ethanediol. it is a synthetic monohydrate of chloral with sedative, hypnotic, and anticonvulsive properties. it is converted to the active compound trichloroethanol by hepatic alcohol dehydrogenase. The agent interacts with various neurotransmitter-operated ion channels, thereby enhancing gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A receptor mediated chloride currents and inhibiting amino acid receptor-activated ion currents. In addition, it enhances the agonistic effects of glycine receptors, inhibits AMPA-induced calcium influx in cortical neurons, and facilitates 5-HT 3 receptor-mediated currents in ganglionic neurons. Overall, this results in a depressive effect on the central nervous system. 
it is the conjugate base of 4-hydroxybenzoic acid, comprising a 4-hydroxybenzoic acid core with a proton missing to give a charge of -1. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-hydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of amino-nitrotoluenes that is 2,6-diaminotoluene bearing a nitro substituent at position 4. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a penicillin antibiotic carrying a 5-methyl-3-phenylisoxazole-4-carboxamide group at position 6beta. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is a semisynthetic penicillinase-resistant and acid-stable penicillin with an antimicrobial activity. it binds to penicillin-binding proteins in the bacterial cell wall, thereby blocking the synthesis of peptidoglycan, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to inhibition of cell growth and causes cell lysis. 
it is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to treat mild to moderate pain. It is available in several over-the-counter (OTC) formulations. Though the recommended doseage is 1160 mg every six hours, per package directions of the Doan's OTC brand (580 mg it tetrahydrate, equivalent to 934.4 mg anhydrous it), effective pain relief is often found with a half dosage, with reduced anti-inflammatory results. 
it is a straight-chain alkane with 19 carbon atoms. It has been found as a component of essential oils isolated from Artemisia armeniaca. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it is a member of the class of phenanthrenes that is phenanthrene substituted by a methyl group at position 1. It has a role as a mutagen. 
it is a C21-steroid that is pregnane which contains a double bond between positions 4 and 5 and is substituted by an oxo group at position 3 and a hydroxy group at position 20. It is a C21-steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 20-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
A condensation product of riboflavin and adenosine diphosphate. The coenzyme of various aerobic dehydrogenases, e.g., D-amino acid oxidase and L-amino acid oxidase. (Lehninger, Principles of Biochemistry, 1982, p972) 
it is a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is hydrolyzed into its active form itat, which competitively inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. itat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a secoiridoid that is the methyl ester of 3,4-dihydro-2H-pyran-5-carboxylic acid which is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 4 by hydroxy, ethylidene, and carboxymethyl groups, respectively and in which the carboxylic acid moiety of the carboxymethyl substituent has been converted to the corresponding 3,4-dihydroxyphenethyl ester (the 2R,3E,4S stereoisomer). The most important phenolic compound present in olive cultivars. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent, a TRPA1 channel agonist, a mTOR inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is a methyl ester, a diester, a member of catechols, a member of pyrans, a lactol and a secoiridoid. It derives from an oleuropein. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenolic glycosides. These are organic compounds containing a phenolic structure attached to a glycosyl moiety. Some examples of phenolic structures include lignans, and flavonoids. Among the sugar units found in natural glycosides are D-glucose, L-Fructose, and L rhamnose. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is the N(6)-hydroxy derivative of L-lysine. It is a hydroxy-L-lysine and a N-hydroxy-alpha-amino-acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a nucleotide-alditol, an alditol 4-phosphate and a tetritol phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a long-chain fatty acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of arachidonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an icosanoid anion, an icosatetraenoate and a long-chain fatty acid anion. It derives from an 11-HPETE(1-). It is a conjugate base of an arachidonic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid bearing a 2-thienyl group at position 4. It has a role as a hapten. It is a member of thiophenes and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a butyric acid. 
it is an alpha-oxyketone that consists of propiophenone bearing an alpha-hydroxy substituent. It is an aromatic ketone and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a propiophenone. 
it is a member of the class of resolvins that is (6E,8Z,11Z,14Z,16E)-icosapentaenoic acid carrying two hydroxy substituents at positions 5 and 18 (the 5S,18R stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a human xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a resolvin, a diol, a secondary allylic alcohol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a propanoate ester, a tropane alkaloid and a quaternary ammonium ion. it is a synthetic derivative of the alkaloid atropine with anticholinergic properties. it antagonizes the actions of acetylcholine at parasympathetic postganglionic effector cell junctions. When inhaled, ipratropium binds competitively to cholinergic receptors in the bronchial smooth muscle thereby blocking the bronchoconstrictor actions of the acetylcholine (Ach) mediated vagal impulses. Inhibition of the vagal tone leads to dilation of the large central airways resulting in bronchodilation. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is perfluorinated pentanoic acid. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It derives from a valeric acid. 
A decapeptide that stimulates the synthesis and secretion of both pituitary gonadotropins, LUTEINIZING HORMONE and FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE. GnRH is produced by neurons in the septum PREOPTIC AREA of the HYPOTHALAMUS and released into the pituitary portal blood, leading to stimulation of GONADOTROPHS in the ANTERIOR PITUITARY GLAND. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as proline and derivatives. Proline and derivatives are compounds containing proline or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of proline at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, L-trans-4-methyl-2-pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, L-trans-4-methyl-2-pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid can be found in pomes. This makes L-trans-4-methyl-2-pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as white to off-white or light yellow powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydroxybenzophenone that is benzophenone which is substituted at the 2- and 4-positions of one of the benzene rings by hydroxy and methoxy groups respectively. It has a role as a dermatologic drug, a protective agent, an ultraviolet filter, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a hydroxybenzophenone and a monomethoxybenzene. it is a benzophenone derivative used as a sunscreen agent. it absorbs UVB and UVA II rays, resulting in a photochemical excitation and absorption of energy. Upon return to ground state, the absorbed energy results in emission of longer wavelength radiation and decreased skin penetration of radiation which reduces the risk of DNA damage. 
it, also known as it or fema 3893, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 1-methylbutyl butanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, apricot, and banana tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes 1-methylbutyl butanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a tripeptide composed of glycine, glycine and L-proline amino acids joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides, obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-(trifluoromethyl)benzoic acid with the amino group of 3-(ispropyloxy)aniline. A fungicide used to control a range of pathogens especially Rhizoctonia spp. on rice, turf and other crops. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzamides, an aromatic ether, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a benzanilide fungicide. 
(1R,2S)-tranylcypromine is a 2-phenylcyclopropan-1-amine that is the (1R,2S)-enantiomer of tranylcypromine. It is a conjugate base of a (1R,2S)-tranylcypromine(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (1S,2R)-tranylcypromine. 
it is an aminobenzoic acid that is the N-phenyl derivative of anthranilic acid. It acts as a parent skeleton for the synthesis of several non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. It has a role as a membrane transport modulator. It is a secondary amino compound and an aminobenzoic acid. It derives from an anthranilic acid. 
At low doses, OPC 28326 selectively vasodilates the femoral arterial bed due to its inhibitory action at alpha-2-adrenoceptors while having minimal action on systemic blood pressure, heart rate and coronary, carotid, vertebral, renal, and mesenteric blood flows. It is the only clinical compound with this profile. It is currently being investigated in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and Raynaud's syndrome. 
it is an amino sugar. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N(beta)-acetylstreptothricin D(4+). 
it is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-methyldeoxycytidine 5'-diphosphate(3-). 
it, also known as fema 3941, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranones and derivatives. Pyranones and derivatives are compounds containing a pyran ring which bears a ketone. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, berry, and bready taste. 
it appears as a white to yellowish powder. Toxic by skin absorption, by ingestion, and by inhalation of dust, or hydrogen cyanide produced by slight decomposition. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen in fires. 
it is conjugate base of D-ribosylnicotinic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-ribosylnicotinic acid. 
it is a hydrazine derivative and a potent non-selective monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitor with anxiolytic and antidepressant properties. it irreversibly binds to MAO, thereby blocking the oxidative deamination of monoamines resulting in an increased concentration of biogenic amines and a concurrent decrease in catabolism of monoamine neurotransmitters, norepinephrine and serotonin, in the brain. In addition, through its primary metabolite phenylethylidenehyrazine (PEH), phenelzine causes elevated GABA levels in the caudate-putamen and nucleus accumbens thereby exerting its anxiolytic effects. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a faint ethereal odor. Flash point 55Â°F. Slightly denser than water and soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Susceptible to autooxidation to form peroxides. it is a dioxane with oxygen atoms at positions 1 and 4. It has a role as a non-polar solvent, a carcinogenic agent and a metabolite. It is a volatile organic compound and a dioxane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it or 2-fenchanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sweet, bitter, and borneol tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as lime, nutmeg, sweet basil, and wild celery. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a synthetic decapeptide analog of luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) with antineoplastic activity. it binds to and activates pituitary gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors. Prolonged administration of it inhibits the secretion of pituitary gonadotropin, thereby decreasing levels of testosterone (in males) and estradiol (in females). Administration of this agent in a depot formulation may result in the regression of sex hormone-sensitive tumors and a reduction in sex organ size and function. (NCI04) 
it is an organosilicon compound that is dimethylsilane in which one of the hydrogens attached to the silicon is replaced by a 4-ethoxyphenyl group, while the other is replaced by a 3-(4-fluoro-3-phenoxyphenyl)propyl group. It is an insecticide used to control soil-borne insects. It has a role as a pyrethroid ether insecticide. It is an organofluorine compound, an organosilicon compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 4-(trimethylsilyl)phenol. 
it is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is dihydrochalcone with hydroxy substituents at positions 2' ,4' , and 6' and a formyl substituent at position 3'. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a polyphenol and a member of benzaldehydes. It derives from a dihydrochalcone. 
Tetrabutyl titanate appears as a water-white to pale-yellow liquid with an alcohol-like odor. About the same density as water. Flash point 170Â°F. Contact may irritate or cause burns. 
it is an aldotriose comprising propanal having hydroxy groups at the 2- and 3-positions. It plays role in the formation of advanced glycation end-products (AGEs), a deleterious accompaniment to ageing. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03641586 (The Study of it in Chinese Subjects With Local Advanced or Metastatic Malignant Solid Tumor). it is an inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase B-raf (BRAF) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits the activity of BRAF and certain BRAF mutant forms, and EGFR. This prevents BRAF- and EGFR-mediated signaling and inhibits the proliferation of tumor cells that either contain a mutated BRAF gene or express over-activated EGFR. In addition, it inhibits mutant forms of the Ras proteins K-RAS and N-RAS. BRAF and EGFR are mutated or upregulated in many tumor cell types. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of phaseic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a phaseic acid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a mild, pleasant odor. Less dense than water. Flash point 160Â°F. Irritates skin and eyes and may be toxic by ingestion. Used as a solvent and to make paints and varnish. it is a primary alcohol that is ethanol in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a butoxy group. A high-boiling (171â„ƒ) colourless liquid, it is used as a solvent for paints and inks, as well as in some dry cleaning solutions. It has a role as a protic solvent. It is a primary alcohol and an ether. 
it is a succinate dehydrogenase inhibitor originally isolated from the pathogenic fungus Helminthosposium siccans with antifungal activity. it, in a quinone-dependent manner, inhibits succinate dehydrogenase in the terminal electron transport chain thereby disrupting cellular respiration. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-alanine, L-cysteine, and glycine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-cysteine and a glycine. 
Chaulmoogric acid is a monounsaturated long-chain fatty acid composed of tridecanoic acid having a 2-cyclopentenyl substituent at the 13-position. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid and a cyclopentenyl fatty acid. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that is luteolin substituted at positions 8 and 6 by alpha-L-arabinopyranosyl and beta-D-glucosyl residues respectively. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a C-glycosyl compound. It derives from a luteolin. 
it appears as a colorless volatile liquid with a strong odor. Denser than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. May also be combustible. 
it is a 1-pyrrolinecarboxylic acid that is 1-pyrroline in which one of the hydrogens at position 5 is replaced by a carboxy group. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-it. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of tizanidine, an imidazoline derivative structurally similar to clonidine and an adrenergic agonist with muscle relaxant property. Tizanidine stimulates alpha-2 adrenergic receptors in the central nervous system, thereby inhibiting presynaptic release of norepinephrine and increasing the inhibitory effect on alpha motor neurons and motor reflexes. Tizanidine exerts some activity at the postsynaptic excitatory amino acid receptors and imidazoline receptors which may contribute to the overall reduction in facilitation of spinal motor neurons. Overall, it causes muscle relaxation, reduces spasticity and antinociceptive effects. 
it appears as a viscous heavy oil (technical). Formerly used as an insecticide. Production discontinued by Sandoz Agro, Inc. Insoluble in water. it is an organochlorine insecticide, an organochlorine acaricide, an organofluorine insecticide, an organofluorine acaricide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a nitrile, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and an aromatic ether. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide, a pyrethroid ester acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a valine. 
it is a sulfonamide-based topical agent with antibacterial and antifungal activity. Silver sulfadiazine may act through a combination of the activity of silver and sulfadiazine. When this agent interacts with sodium chloride-containing body fluids, silver ions are released slowly and sustainably into wounded areas. Ionized silver atoms catalyze the formation of disulfide bonds leading to protein structural changes and inactivating thiol-containing enzymes; silver ions may also intercalate DNA thereby interfering with replication and transcription of bacteria. As a competitive inhibitor of para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), sulfadiazine inhibits bacterial dihydropteroate synthase, thereby resulting in disruption of folic acid metabolism and ultimately DNA synthesis. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-glutamic acid, two L-threonine units and L-tyrosine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid, a L-threonine and a L-tyrosine. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid that is lauric acid substituted at position 11 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a medium-chain fatty acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an 11-hydroxylaurate. 
3-allyfentanyl is a fentanyl derivative opioid that can cause itching, nausea and serious respiratory depression. Fentanyl and its analogs have killed thousands of people around the world as drugs of abuse. 
cis-p-Menthane-1, 7, 8-triol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. cis-p-Menthane-1, 7, 8-triol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, cis-p-menthane-1, 7, 8-triol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cis-p-menthane-1, 7, 8-triol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes cis-p-menthane-1, 7, 8-triol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
9-[(9Z)-octadecenoyloxy]octadecanoic acid is a fatty acid ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of oleic acid with the hydroxy group of 9-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. It is a fatty acid ester and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an oleic acid and a 9-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 9-[(9Z)-octadecenoyloxy]octadecanoate. 
it is a member of the class of dihydrochalcones that is the 2'-O-methyl derivative of odoratol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of dihydrochalcones, a dimethoxybenzene, a secondary alcohol and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from an odoratol. 
it is a glycosyl alditol consisting of beta-D-glucopyranose and D-glucitol joined in sequence by a (1->6) glycosidic bond. It derives from a D-glucitol and a beta-D-glucose. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 90Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a saturated fatty aldehyde that is hexane in which one of the terminal methyl group has been mono-oxygenated to form the corresponding aldehyde. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a saturated fatty aldehyde, a n-alkanal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it is an orally bioavailable oxazaphosphorine prodrug with antineoplastic activity. it (TFF) is metabolized predominantly to the cyclophosphamide analogue ifosfamide (IFO), which is then metabolized by liver cytochrome P450s to the active isophosphoramide mustard (IPM). IPM alkylates DNA to form DNA-DNA cross-links, which may result in inhibition of DNA, RNA and protein synthesis, and ultimately lead to tumor cell apoptosis. 
it is a scyllo-inositol phosphate compound having a phosphate group in the 5-position and amino groups in place of hydroxy groups in the 1- and 3-positions. It derives from a streptamine. 
it is a first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with a methyl substituent at position 3, and a (2R)-2-amino-2-cyclohexa-1,4-dien-1-ylacetamido substituent at position 7, of the cephem skeleton. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen. it is a beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of it, a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a pyridoisoquinoline which was developed in response to the cardiovascular toxicity associated with emetine and results from the dehydrogenation of the heterotricylic ring of emetine. It is an antiprotozoal agent and displays antimalarial, antiamoebic, and antileishmanial properties. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug, an antimalarial and an antileishmanial agent. It is a member of isoquinolines, an aromatic ether and a pyridoisoquinoline. It derives from a hydride of an emetan. it is a synthetic derivative of emetine; used in the treatment of intestinal amoebiasis. 
it is flavone hydroxylated at positions 3', 4', 5, 5' and 7. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a catechin that is flavan carrying five hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 3', 4', 5 and 7 (the 2S,3S-stereoisomer). It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a catechin and a polyphenol. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-epicatechin. 
it is a L-glutamine derivative that is L-glutamine substituted by a 1-[(carboxymethyl)amino]-1-oxobutan-2-yl at the terminal amino nitrogen atom. It has a role as a biomarker and a human metabolite. 
it appears as a colorless or yellow colored liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a solvent in paints and varnishes. it is a beta-diketone that is pentane in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 4 are replaced by oxo groups. It is a conjugate acid of an acetylacetonate. 
it is an acetate ester that is phenyl acetate substituted by an acetylamino group at position 2 and a methyl group at position 4. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a member of acetamides, a member of toluenes and a member of phenyl acetates. 
it, also known as 1, 1-bis(isopentyloxy)-ethane or 1, 1-di-3-methylbutoxyethane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an alcoholic, ethereal, and fermented taste. 
it is a member of the class of amphetamines in which the amino group of (S)-amphetamine carries a methyl substituent. It has a role as a neurotoxin, a psychotropic drug, a central nervous system stimulant, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a member of amphetamines and a secondary amine. It derives from a (S)-amphetamine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an amphetamine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulating activity. it acts by both facilitating the release of catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline, dopamine and serotonin, from nerve terminals in the brain and by inhibiting their uptake. This leads to an increase in synaptic concentration of these neurotransmitters and results in increased stimulation of postsynaptic receptors. 
it is a member of the class of oxazolidines that is isoxazoldin-3-one which is substituted at position 4 by an amino group. It is a serine derivative, a member of oxazolidines, a primary amino compound and a hydroxamic acid ester. 
The sequential set of three nucleotides in TRANSFER RNA that interacts with its complement in MESSENGER RNA, the CODON, during translation in the ribosome. 
(+)-it is a phytocassane that is (+)-phytocassane C which has been substituted with an additional hydroxy group at the 2alpha position. It is a triol and a phytocassane. 
it is an amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of pantothenic acid and the maino group of cysteamine. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a thiol and a member of its. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3,4-bisphosphate in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are both specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is an acetate ester consiting of umbelliferone carrying a 7-O-acetyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester and a member of coumarins. It derives from an umbelliferone. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of L-glutamine; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an amino acid zwitterion and a polar amino acid zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a L-glutamine. 
it is a product candidate that belongs to a class of small molecule compounds called neuroimmunophilin ligands. In preclinical experiments, neuroimmunophilin ligands have been shown to repair and regenerate damaged nerves without affecting normal, healthy nerves.  it is being studied in phase 2 clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease and post-prostatectomy erectile dysfunction and in pre-clinical development for HIV related dementia and neuropathy. 
D-trans-allethrin is a clear to amber viscous liquid. A synthetic insecticide structurally similar to pyrethrin. it is a (+)-trans-allethrin. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-trans-(R)-allethrin. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03318562 (A PD Study of Oral it in Subjects With Advanced TNBC and HCC). it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)-interacting serine/threonine-protein kinase 1 (MNK1) and 2 (MNK2), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, tomivosertib binds to and inhibits the activity of MNK1 and 2. This prevents MNK1/2-mediated signaling, and inhibits the phosphorylation of certain regulatory proteins, including eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E (eIF4E), that regulate the translation of messenger RNAs (mRNAs) involved in tumor cell proliferation, angiogenesis, survival and immune signaling. This inhibits tumor cell proliferation in MNK1/2-overexpressing tumor cells. MNK1/2 are overexpressed in a variety of tumor cell types and promote phosphorylation of eIF4E; eIF4E is overexpressed in many tumor cell types and contributes to tumor development, maintenance and resistance. 
it is an imine that is 4-methylidenecyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-imine in which both the hydrogens of the methylidene group are replaced by 4-(dimethylamino)phenyl groups. The hydrochloride salt is the histological dye 'Methyl violet 2B'. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor, a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an imine, a substituted aniline and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a Methyl violet 2B(1+). 
it solution is a light yellow liquid. Mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a dialdehyde comprised of pentane with aldehyde functions at C-1 and C-5. It has a role as a cross-linking reagent, a disinfectant and a fixative. it is a water-soluble oily liquid, C5H8O2, containing two aldehyde groups, used as a disinfectant and as a fixative for biological tissues. 
it is an D-arabinose 5-phosphate that is beta-D-arabinofuranose attached to a phospahte group at position 5. It derives from a beta-D-arabinofuranose. 
it, also known as g-D dipeptide or gly-asp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it appears as a colorless aqueous solution. Concentration of ammonia ranges up to approximately 30%. Ammonia vapors (which arise from the solution) irritate the eyes. it is a solution of ammonia in water. It has a role as a food acidity regulator. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of hexadecanoic acid (palmitic acid); major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a fatty acid anion 16:0, a 2-saturated fatty acid anion and an omega-methyl fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is the phosphate salt form of clindamycin, a semi-synthetic, chlorinated broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of lincomycin. it is used in topical preparations. 
it is a polypeptide compound composed of ten natural and non-natural amino acid resiudes in a linear sequence. It has a role as a hormone antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. it is a synthetic decapeptide and antagonist of naturally occurring gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). it directly and competitively binds to and blocks the gonadotropin releasing hormone receptor in the anterior pituitary gland, thereby inhibiting the secretion and release of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). In males, the inhibition of LH secretion prevents the release of testosterone. As a result, this may relieve symptoms associated with prostate hypertrophy or prostate cancer, since testosterone is required to sustain prostate growth. 
it is a bromo fatty acid consisting of lauric acid having a single bromo-substituent at the 12-position. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
2-[(4-Methoxyphenyl)formamido]acetic acid, also known as it or 4-methoxyhippate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hippuric acids. Hippuric acids are compounds containing hippuric acid, which consists of a of a benzoyl group linked to the N-terminal of a glycine. 2-[(4-Methoxyphenyl)formamido]acetic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
(2E)-hexenal is a it in which the olefinic double bond has E configuration. It occurs naturally in a wide range of fruits, vegetables, and spices. It has a role as a flavouring agent, an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. 
it, also known as burtonitte 44 or danish agar, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamic acid esters. These are compound containing an ester derivative of cinnamic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, furcelleran is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the sodium salt of a benzoic acid having iodo substituents at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions and acetamido substituents at the 3- and 5-positions. It is used, often as a mixture with the meglumine salt, as an X-ray contrast medium in gastrointestinal studies, angiography, and urography. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. It is an organoiodine compound and an organic sodium salt. It contains an amidotrizoic acid anion. it is an iodinated radiopaque X-ray contrast medium. it blocks X-rays, thereby allowing body structures containing iodine to be delineated in contrast to those structures that do not contain iodine and allowing visualization of these areas. This contrast agent is used as a diagnostic aid in angiography, urography and radiography. (NCI05) 
it, is a novel small molecule with anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory properties that was discovered by AtheroGenics and designed to treat atherosclerosis of the blood vessels of the heart, or coronary artery disease. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of proguanil, a synthetic biguanide derivative of pyrimidine and an folate antagonist with antimalarial property. Upon hydrolysis, proguanil is converted to its active cyclic triazine metabolite, cycloguanil, by a cytochrome P450 dependent reaction. Cycloguanil selectively inhibits the bifunctional dihydrofolate reductase-thymidylate synthase (DHFR-TS) of plasmodium parasite, thereby disrupting deoxythymidylate synthesis and ultimately blocking DNA and protein synthesis in the parasite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleosides. Purine nucleosides are compounds comprising a purine base attached to a ribosyl or deoxyribosyl moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
This is a chemical weapon related to sulfur mustard (mustard gas) and is expected to react in a similar fashion. See the chemical datasheet for sulfur mustard for more information. 
it is a member of the class of dithiocarbamic acids that is the N-dithiocarboxy derivative of pyrrolidine. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a neuroprotective agent, a radical scavenger, an antineoplastic agent and a NF-kappaB inhibitor. It is a member of pyrrolidines and a member of dithiocarbamic acids. 
it is a phenyl acetate obtained by the formal condensation of phenolic group of vanillin with acetic acid. It is a member of benzaldehydes, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a vanillin. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines that consists of hexanoic acid substituted by a guanidino group at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
2-Amino-3, 4, 8-trimethyl-3H-imidazo[4, 5-F]quinoxaline, also known as 4, 8-it or 3, 4, 8-trimethylimidazo(4, 5-F)quinoxalin-2-amine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinoxalines. Quinoxalines are compounds containing a quinoxaline moiety, a bicyclic heterocycle made up of a benzene ring fused to a pyrazine ring. 2-Amino-3, 4, 8-trimethyl-3H-imidazo[4, 5-F]quinoxaline exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-amino-3, 4, 8-trimethyl-3H-imidazo[4, 5-F]quinoxaline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is scopoletin attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monosaccharide derivative, a member of coumarins and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a scopoletin. 
Epigallocatechin 3, 4', -di-O-gallate, also known as 3, 4'-di-O-galloylepigallocatechin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechin gallates. These are organic compounds containing a gallate moiety glycosidically linked to a catechin. Epigallocatechin 3, 4', -di-O-gallate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, epigallocatechin 3, 4', -di-O-gallate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, epigallocatechin 3, 4', -di-O-gallate can be found in tea. This makes epigallocatechin 3, 4', -di-O-gallate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of propiomazine, a phenothiazine derivative and atypical antipsychotic agent with sedative, antiemetic and antipsychotic activities. Propiomazine binds to a variety of receptors, including alpha1, dopamine, histamine H1, muscarinic, and serotonin type 2 (5-HT2) receptors. Propiomazine exerts its antiemetic and sedative effects through antagonism at histamine H1 receptors; Its antipsychotic effect is attributed to antagonistic activities at dopamine and 5-HT2 receptors. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a trialkyl phosphate, an organophosphate insecticide and an organochlorine compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a hydride of a bicyclo[3.2.0]hepta-2,6-diene. 
Chlorfenvinfos is an amber-colored liquid with a mild chemical odor. Used for control of ticks, flies, lice, and mites on cattle and for blowfly, lice, ked, and itchmite on sheep. Controls fleas and mites on dogs; not used on cats. Applied on organic wastes and breeding places of fly larvae. Also used as a foliage insecticide for potatoes, rice, maize, and sugar cane. Used to control soil insects. (EPA, 1998) 
3-(3, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. 3-(3, 4, 5-Trihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-homoserine substituted at oxygen with a guanidino (carbamimidamido) group. Although structurally related to L-arginine, it is non-proteinogenic. It has a role as a phytogenic insecticide and a plant metabolite. It derives from a L-homoserine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Cotinine, also known as (S)-cotinine or cotininum, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidinylpyridines. Pyrrolidinylpyridines are compounds containing a pyrrolidinylpyridine ring system, which consists of a pyrrolidine ring linked to a pyridine ring. Cotinine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Cotinine has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine, saliva, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. Within the cell, cotinine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Cotinine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Cotinine can be biosynthesized from nicotine imine; which is mediated by the enzyme aldehyde oxidase. In addition, Cotinine can be converted into hydroxycotinine through the action of the enzyme cytochrome P450 2A6. In humans, cotinine is involved in the nicotine action pathway and the nicotine metabolism pathway. Outside of the human body, cotinine can be found in a number of food items such as onion-family vegetables, rowanberry, ginger, and swamp cabbage. This makes cotinine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. Cotinine is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a serine derivative in which the alpha-hydrogen of serine is replaced by a hydroxymethyl group. It is an aminodiol, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a serine derivative. 
it is a benzocycloheptathiophene that is 9,10-dihydro-4H-benzo[4,5]cyclohepta[1,2-b]thiophene 4-ylidene)-1-methylpiperidine which is joined from the 4 position to the 4 position of an N-methylpiperidine moiety by a double bond. It is a sedating antihistamine, with strong serotonin antagonist and weak antimuscarinic activity. It is generally used as the malate salt for the treatment of migraine and the prevention of headache attacks during cluster periods. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist and a histamine antagonist. It derives from a piperidine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a sulfonamide and a member of guanidines. It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug, a H2-receptor antagonist and a P450 inhibitor. it is a propanimidamide and histamine H2-receptor antagonist with antacid activity. As a competitive inhibitor of histamine H2-receptors located on the basolateral membrane of the parietal cell, famotidine reduces basal and nocturnal gastric acid secretion, resulting in a reduction in gastric volume, acidity, and amount of gastric acid released in response to various stimuli. 
it is a fatty acid derivative of [cytarabine], an approved cytotoxic cancer drug. Cytarabine has limitations such as minimal uptake in solid tumours and is only used to treat leukaemia. it is designed to overcome this limitation and has shown considerable uptake in solid tumour cells. it is a patented new chemical entity of the nucleoside analog class, with improved biological properties and the potential to treat solid tumours such as non-small cell lung cancer, malignant melanoma and ovarian cancer. it is the lipophilic 5'-elaidic acid ester of the deoxycytidine analog cytosine arabinoside (cytarabine; Ara-C) with potential antineoplastic activity. As a prodrug, it is converted intracellularly into cytarabine triphosphate by deoxycytidine kinase and subsequently competes with cytidine for incorporation into DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis. Compared to cytarabine, it shows increased cellular uptake and retention, resulting in increased activation by deoxycytidine kinase to cytarabine triphosphate, decreased deamination and deactivation by deoxycytidine deaminase, and increased inhibition of DNA synthesis. This agent also inhibits RNA synthesis, an effect not seen with cytarabine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxychalcones. These are organic compounds containing chalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Potassium sulfide, hydrated, with not less than 30% water of crystallization appears as a red crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-18-ene substituted at position 3 by an oxo group and position 28 by a carboxy group. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-HSV-1 agent and an anti-HIV agent. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is an arsenate ion resulting from the removal of one proton from arsenic acid. It is a conjugate base of an arsenic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an arsenate(2-). 
it is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a nematicide and an agrochemical. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-prenylated flavones. These are flavones that features a C5-isoprenoid substituent at the 8-position. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organofluorine compound that is benzyl alcohol substituted by fluoro groups at positions 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. It is a member of benzyl alcohols and an organofluorine compound. 
it is a organonitrogen heterocyclic compound consisting of 2,3,1-benzodiazaborinine substituted at positions 1 and 2 by hydroxy and 4-toluenesufonyl groups respectively. It is an organoboron compound, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and a sulfonamide. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Strongly irritates skin and eyes. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Flash point 165Â°F. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Used as a solvent. 
Prostaglandin G1 is a member of the class of prostaglandins G that is 9alpha,11alpha-epidioxy-13-trans-prostenoic acid carrying an additional hydroperoxy substituent at the 15S-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a prostaglandins G, a peroxol and an olefinic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a prostaglandin G1(1-). 
it is an aminopyrimidine that is 2-amino-4-hydroxypyrimidine in which the hydrogen at position 5 is substituted by an ethoxycarbonyl group. It is a pyrimidinecarboxylate ester, an aminopyrimidine, a hydroxypyrimidine and an ethyl ester. 
it is a limonoid found in Azadirachta indica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, an enone, a member of furans, a limonoid, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a methyl ester. 
it. A family of heat-stable, polypeptide hormones secreted by the thymus gland. Their biological activities include lymphocytopoiesis, restoration of immunological competence and enhancement of expression of T-cell characteristics and function. They have therapeutic potential in patients having primary or secondary immunodeficiency diseases, cancer or diseases related to aging. 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid. Flash point 95Â°F. May violently decompose if intensely heated when contaminated. Denser than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Moderately toxic. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is a primary nitroalkane that is methane in which one of the hydrogens is replace by a nitro group. A polar solvent (b.p. 101 â„ƒ), it is an important starting material in organic synthesis. It is also used as a fuel for rockets and radio-controlled models. It has a role as an EC 4.3.1.3 (histidine ammonia-lyase) inhibitor, a polar aprotic solvent and an explosive. It is a primary nitroalkane and a volatile organic compound. it is a colorless, oily, highly flammable liquid with a strong, disagreeable odor that emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides upon decomposition. it is used to make industrial antimicrobials and pharmaceuticals, and is also used as a soil fumigant and as a fuel in race car engines. Exposure to it irritates the skin and affects the central nervous system causing nausea, dizziness and narcosis. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it (2,5-Dimethylfentanyl) is a synthetic fentanyl derivative opioid. It was developed in 1972, and is used for surgical anasthesia in Russia. it has similar effects to fentanyl. In rat studies, it was less potent than fentanyl. Side effects include itching, nausea and serious to life threatening respiratory depression. Fentanyl analogs have killed hundreds of people throughout Europe and the former Soviet republics since the most recent resurgence in use began in Estonia in the early 2000s, and novel derivatives continue to appear. 
Gadobutrol is a gadolinium-based, hydrophilic, macrocyclic, electrically neutral contrast agent used in contrast-enhanced MRI (CE-MRI). Gadobutrol is a non-ionic, paramagnetic complex consisting of gadolinium (Gd3+) chelated with the macrocyclic compound dihydroxy-hydroxymethylpropyl-tetraazacyclododecane-triacetic acid (butrol). Following intravenous administration, gadobutrol may increase MRI sensitivity for the detection of tumors and inflammatory and demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) that are associated with areas with blood-brain barrier defects due to altered perfusion or an enlarged extracellular space. This agent is eliminated in an unchanged form via the kidneys; extra-renal elimination is negligible. 
it is a propanal having an amino substituent at the 3-position It is an omega-aminoaldehyde and a member of propanals. It is a conjugate base of a 3-ammoniopropanal. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2-nitro-1H-imidazol-1-yl)acetic acid with the amino group of ethanolamine. Used as a radiosensitising agent for hypoxic tumour cells. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a prodrug, an alkylating agent and a radiosensitizing agent. It is a member of imidazoles, a C-nitro compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an ethanolamine. it is a 2-nitroimidazole with radiosensitizing properties. it depletes glutathione and inhibits glutathione transferase, thereby enhancing the cytotoxicity of ionizing radiation. This agent may also be useful as an imaging agent for identifying hypoxic, drug-resistant regions of primary tumors or metastases. (NCI04) 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of bromodiphenhydramine, a synthetic ethanolamine with histamine H1 antagonistic and sedative properties. it blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. This drug also prevents histamine-induced pain and itching of mucous membranes. 
it is an acetylenic compound that is deca-4,6-diyne substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 8 and hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 8 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an acetylenic compound and a diol. 
(Â±)-menthyl acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (Â±)-menthyl acetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (Â±)-menthyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (Â±)-menthyl acetate can be found in cornmint. This makes (Â±)-menthyl acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
3 alpha, 7 alpha, 24-Trihydroxy-5beta-cholestanoyl-CoA, also known as 3 Î±, 7 Î±, 24-trihydroxy-5Î²-cholestanoyl-coa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-hydroxyacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-hydroxyl acylated coenzyme A derivative. 3 alpha, 7 alpha, 24-Trihydroxy-5beta-cholestanoyl-CoA is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3 alpha, 7 alpha, 24-Trihydroxy-5beta-cholestanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3 alpha, 7 alpha, 24-trihydroxy-5beta-cholestanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 3 alpha, 7 alpha, 24-Trihydroxy-5beta-cholestanoyl-CoA participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 3 alpha, 7 alpha, 24-Trihydroxy-5beta-cholestanoyl-CoA can be converted into chenodeoxycholoyl-CoA through the action of the enzyme peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 2. In addition, 3 alpha, 7 alpha, 24-Trihydroxy-5beta-cholestanoyl-CoA can be biosynthesized from 3a, 7a-dihydroxy-5b-cholest-24-enoyl-CoA through the action of the enzyme peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 2. In humans, 3 alpha, 7 alpha, 24-trihydroxy-5beta-cholestanoyl-CoA is involved in bile acid biosynthesis pathway, the cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) pathway, congenital bile acid synthesis defect type II pathway, and congenital bile acid synthesis defect type III pathway. 3 alpha, 7 alpha, 24-Trihydroxy-5beta-cholestanoyl-CoA is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include the zellweger syndrome pathway, 27-hydroxylase deficiency, and the familial hypercholanemia (fhca) pathway. 
it is a retinoid derived from 3,4-desaturation of the beta-ionone ring of all-trans-retinol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a retinoid and a vitamin A. It derives from an all-trans-retinol. 
it is the 7,8-dihydro-7,8-dihydroxy derivative of kynurenic acid. It derives from a kynurenic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 7,8-dihydro-7,8-dihydroxykynurenate. 
it is the principal alkaloid of the plant family Calycanthaceae. It is a calycanthaceous alkaloid, an aminal and an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of a calycanine. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sezary Syndrome, Mycosis fungoides, Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and Lymphoma, T-Cell, Cutaneous, among others. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of histone deacetylases (HDACs) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits HDACs leading to an accumulation of highly acetylated histones. This may result in an induction of chromatin remodeling, inhibition of the transcription of tumor suppressor genes, inhibition of tumor cell division and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. HDACs, upregulated in many tumor types, are a class of enzymes that deacetylate chromatin histone proteins. 
it is a it. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-it. it Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of it, a fluoxetine derivative belonging to the class of selective serotonin (5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE) reuptake inhibitors (SSNRIs) and exhibiting antidepressant activity. it selectively prevents the reuptake of 5-HT and NE via transporter complexes on the pre-synaptic membrane, thereby increasing the level of these neurotransmitters within the synaptic cleft. As a result, this agent potentiates serotonergic and noradrenergic activities in the central nervous system, and alleviates depression and neuropathy sensations, such as pain and tingling. Furthermore, it does not show significant affinity for dopaminergic, adrenergic, cholinergic, histaminergic, opioid, glutamate, and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptors. 
it is the monohydrochloride salt of profenamine. An antimuscarinic, it is used for the symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's disease. It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist, a histamine antagonist, an antiparkinson drug and a muscarinic antagonist. It contains a profenamine. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is 3,3a,4,4a,7a,8,9,9a-octahydroazuleno[6,5-b]furan-2,5-dione substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4, methyl groups at positions 4a and 8 and a methylidene group at position 3 (the 3aS,4S,4aR,7aR,8R,9aR stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite and a metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, a cyclic ketone, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a sesquiterpene lactone and a secondary alcohol. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostatic Neoplasms, Hematologic Neoplasms, and Platinum Sensitive Recurrent High-grade Serous Ovarian Cancer With Mutated p53. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of magnesium dichloride. It is a hydrate, an inorganic chloride and a magnesium halide. It contains a magnesium dichloride. 
One of the non-essential amino acids commonly occurring in the L-form. It is found in animals and plants, especially in sugar cane and sugar beets. It may be a neurotransmitter. 
it appears as white to light tan crystals or white powder. No odor. (NTP, 1992) it is the simplest member of the class of benzotriazoles that consists of a benzene nucleus fused to a 1H-1,2,3-triazole ring. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. 
UDP-beta-L-arabinopyranose is a it in which the arabinose has the arabinopyranose form with beta-configuration at the anomeric centre. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-beta-L-arabinopyranose(2-). 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion of alpha-D-glucose 1-phosphate, obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monosaccharide 1-phosphate(2-). It is a conjugate base of an alpha-D-glucose 1-phosphate. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted by a 4-methylphenyl group and a methyl(1-methylpiperidin-4-yl)nitrilo group at positions 2 and 4, respectively. It is a member of quinazolines, a tertiary amino compound, a member of piperidines and a member of toluenes. 
it is an N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 4-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a C-nitro compound and a N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminide. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is a member of the class of pyrimidines carrying iodo and phenyl substituents at positions 4 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a macrophage migration inhibitory factor inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a member of pyrimidines, a biaryl and an organoiodine compound. 
it is a pyridinemonocarboxylate resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of picolinic acid. It is a conjugate base of a picolinic acid. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound obtained via intramolecular oxidative aromatic coupling of cyclo(L-tyrosyl-L-tyrosyl). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a polyphenol, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of 2,5-diketopiperazines. It derives from a cyclo(L-tyrosyl-L-tyrosyl). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Toxic by inhalation, ingestion and/or skin contact. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen when heated to decomposition. Used to make other chemicals and in medicine. 
ite is a nicotine analog that is an alkaloid found in tree tobacco (Nicotiana glauca) and is comprised of a pyridine substituted by a piperidin-2-yl group at position 3. ite has been used as an industrial insecticide and, since it is present in trace amounts in tobacco smoke, its detection in urine can be used as an indicator of exposure to tobacco smoke. 
it is a colorless liquid. Must be preheated before ignition can occur. (NTP, 1992) it is a straight chain alkane consisting of 14 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isoamyl p-anisate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a sulfonamide antimicrobial used for urinary tract infections and in veterinary medicine. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor and a drug allergen. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyridazines and an organochlorine compound. it is a broad spectrum sulfonamide antibiotic used in veterinary medicine and in the swine and cattle industries. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylethers. These are aromatic ethers with the general formula ROCR' (R = alkyl, aryl; R'=benzene). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, benzyl ethyl ether is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a fruity, pineapple, and powerful tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products. This makes benzyl ethyl ether a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a pungent odor. Fumes irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue and is toxic. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat, the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used as a catalyst in chemical manufacture, in soldering fluxes, and for many other uses. 
1-{2-[(2-chloro-3-thienyl)methoxy]-2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethyl}imidazole is a member of the class of imidazoles that comprises 2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)ethylimidazole carrying an additional (2-chloro-3-thienyl)methoxy substituent at position 2. It is an ether, a member of imidazoles, a member of thiophenes and a dichlorobenzene. it is a synthetic imidazole derivative, fungicidal Terconazole inhibits cell wall synthesis by inhibiting the biosynthesis of ergosterol or other sterols, damaging the fungal cell membrane, altering its permeability, and promoting loss of essential intracellular elements. it is active against pathogenic Candida. (NCI04) 
A narcotic analgesic partly metabolized to meperidine in the liver. It is similar to morphine in action and used for neuroleptanalgesia, usually with droperidol. 
it appears as white to yellowish crystals that redden on exposure to light. (NTP, 1992) (+)-it is a it. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
it, also known as (2-methylfuryl-3) furfuryl disulfide or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a meaty and sulfurous taste. 
Needle-like white or colorless crystals. Shipped as a solid or suspended in a liquid medium. Very corrosive to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Solid turns dark when exposed to light. Flash point 190Â°F. Used as a corrosion inhibitor and as an insecticide. it is an azacycloalkane that consists of a six-membered ring containing two nitrogen atoms at opposite positions. It has a role as an anthelminthic drug. It is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, an azacycloalkane and a member of its. It is a conjugate base of a itium(2+). it is a cyclic organic compound possessing two nitrogen atoms in opposite positions within a 6-member heterocyclic ring that serves as a backbone for it derivatives and acts as a gamma-amino-butyric acid (GABA) receptor agonist in nematodes, with potential anti-helminthic activity. Upon administration, it binds to the GABA inhibitory receptors in susceptible nematodes, thereby inducing chloride channel opening and hyperpolarization. This results in paralysis of the worm musculature and allows normal peristalsis to dislodge the worm from the intestinal lumen, which causes the worm to be expelled from the body. Unlike vertebrates where GABA is restricted to the central nervous system (CNS), the GABA receptors in helminths are also expressed in the peripheral nervous system. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylnaphthalenes. Phenylnaphthalenes are compounds containing a phenylnaphthalene skeleton, which consists of a naphthalene bound to a phenyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Trypan blue is a bluish-gray to dark blue powder. (NTP, 1992) Trypan blue sulfonic acid is an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid that is the free acid form of trypan blue dye. It has a role as a dye. It is a member of naphthols, an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of azobenzenes. It is a conjugate acid of a trypan blue(4-). Trypan Blue is an acid azo dye commonly used as a stain to distinguish viable from non-viable cells. It turns dead cells blue and viable cells unstained. It is a known animal carcinogen and an experimental teratogen. 
A quinolizidine alkaloid isolated from several FABACEAE including LUPINUS; SPARTIUM; and CYTISUS. It has been used as an oxytocic and an anti-arrhythmia agent. It has also been of interest as an indicator of CYP2D6 genotype. 
it is an alkaloid sulfate salt. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a vindesine. Vindesine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of Vindesine. Vindesine binds to and stabilizes tubulin, thereby interrupting tubulin polymerization and preventing the formation of the mitotic spindle and cell division; treated cells are unable to undergo mitosis and are arrested in metaphase. This agent also disrupts macromolecular synthesis. (NCI) 
it is an inhibitor of one or more as of yet undisclosed bromodomain (BRD)-containing protein(s), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to the acetyl-lysine binding site in the BRD of certain BRD-containing protein(s), thereby preventing the interaction between those proteins and acetylated histones. This disrupts chromatin remodeling, prevents the expression of certain growth-promoting genes, and leads to an inhibition of cell growth in susceptible tumors. 
it is a beta-diketone and an oxo dicarboxylic acid. It derives from an oct-2-enedioic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-maleylacetoacetate. It is a tautomer of a (2Z,4E)-4-hydroxy-6-oxoocta-2,4-dienedioic acid. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is N-ethyl-N,N-dimethylanilinium in which one of the meta positions is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a reversible inhibitor of cholinesterase, with a rapid onset (30-60 seconds after injection) but a short duration of action (5-15 minutes). The chloride salt is used in myasthenia gravis both diagnostically and to distinguish between under- or over-treatment with other anticholinesterases. It has also been used for the reversal of neuromuscular blockade in anaesthesia, and for the management of poisoning due to tetrodotoxin, a neuromuscular blocking toxin found in puffer fish and other marine animals. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a diagnostic agent and an antidote. It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a member of phenols. 
it appears as a white or light-yellow odorless crystalline powder. Mp:126Â°C. Soluble in water (27 g / L at room temperature). Decomposes exothermically at temperatures above 126Â°C with the emission of noxious gases (sulfur oxides, ammonia, carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxides and hydrogen sulfide) and carbon dioxide. Extended exposure to temperatures above 50Â°C and moisture may cause visible decomposition. Irritating to skin and mucous membranes. Corrosive to eye tissue. Used in leather processing, the paper industry, photographic industry, and in textile processing as a bleaching agent. 
it is the sodium salt form of darglitazone, an agent belonging to the glitazone class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic and anti-inflammatory activities. Darglitazone may be able to abrogate acute cerebral inflammatory responses via its suppression of proinflammatory gene expression. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is 1-(4-isopropylphenyl)-3-methyl-1-butanone in which one of the methylene hydrogens adjacent to the keto group has been replaced by a chloro group. It is an alpha-chloroketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces clavuligerus. It acts as a suicide inhibitor of bacterial beta-lactamase enzymes. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a bacterial metabolite, an anxiolytic drug and an EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of a it. it is a semisynthetic beta-lactamase inhibitor isolated from Streptomyces. it contains a beta-lactam ring and binds strongly to beta-lactamase at or near its active site, thereby hindering enzymatic activity. This protects other beta-lactam antibiotics from beta-lactamase catalysis, thereby enhancing their antibacterial effects. This agent is used in conjunction with beta-lactamase susceptible antibiotics, such as penicillins and cephalosporins, to treat infections caused by beta-lactamase producing organisms. 
it is a member of the class of prostaglandins D that is prosta-5,13-dien-1-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 9 and 15 and an oxo group at position 11 (the 5Z,9alpha,13E,15S- stereoisomer). It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a benzochromenone that is rubrofusarin in which the hydroxy group at position 6 has been converted to the corresponding methyl ether. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a benzochromenone, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, a polyketide and a naphtho-gamma-pyrone. It derives from a rubrofusarin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as H-y dipeptide or his-tyr, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the sodium succinate salt of a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory effects. Methylprednisolone sodium succinate is converted into active prednisolone in the body, which activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. This includes inducing synthesis of anti-inflammatory protein IkappaB-alpha and inhibiting synthesis of nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB). As a result, proinflammatory cytokine production such as IL-1, IL-2 and IL-6 is down-regulated and cytotoxic T-lymphocyte activation is inhibited. Therefore, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions may be achieved. 
it is an acetate ester derived from hexadecan-1-ol (palmityl alcohol); used as an emollient, masking agent and skin conditioner; pheromone constituent present in various species of mouse, arachnid and insect. It has a role as a cosmetic, a pheromone and an epitope. It derives from a hexadecan-1-ol. 
L-alpha-phenylglycine is the S stereoisomer of alpha-phenylglycine. It is an enantiomer of a D-alpha-phenylglycine. It is a tautomer of a L-alpha-phenylglycine zwitterion. 
1,1-bis(2-aminoethyl)-2-hydroxy-3-oxotriazane is a nitroso compound that is triazane in which the the nitrogen at position 1 is substituted by two 2-aminoethyl groups, that at position 2 is substituted by a hydroxy group, and that at position 3 is substituted by an oxo group. It has a role as a nitric oxide donor. It is a tertiary amino compound and a nitroso compound. It derives from a hydride of a triazane. 
it is a synthetic, noncardiotoxic aza-anthracenedione analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it intercalates into DNA and induces topoisomerase II-mediated DNA strand crosslinks, resulting in inhibition of DNA replication and tumor cell cytotoxicity. 
it is a it that is L-tyrosine carrying iodo-substituents at positions C-3 and C-5 of the benzyl group. It is an intermediate in the thyroid hormone synthesis. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a L-tyrosine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a it. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,5-diiodo-L-tyrosinate(1-). 
it, also known as benzenepropanol, 1-propanoate or fema 2897, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a balsam, floral, and hyacinth taste. 
it is a linear amino pentasaccharide comprising one fucose, two galactose, one glucosamine and one glucose unit (at the reducing end), linked as shown. It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it appears as a colorless volatile liquid. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Flash point below 0Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air. Toxic by inhalation. Irritates skin and eyes. Used to make pharmaceuticals and as a solvent. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid consisting of salicylic acid carrying a methyl group at the 3-position. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a salicylic acid. it is a long-acting salicylate derivative with antilipidemic properties. it has been shown to lower plasma free fatty acid and cholesterol levels. 
it is a straight-chain alkane with 17 carbon atoms. It is a component of essential oils from plants like Opuntia littoralis and Annona squamosa. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
3, 4-Dihydro-8-hydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-1H-2-benzopyran-1-one, also known as phyllodulcin or 3, 4-dihydro-3-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-8-hydroxyisocoumarin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 3, 4-Dihydro-8-hydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-1H-2-benzopyran-1-one exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3, 4-dihydro-8-hydroxy-3-(3-hydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-1H-2-benzopyran-1-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of biindoles that is indirubin substituted at position 6 by a bromo group and in which the keto group at position 3' has undergone condensation with hydroxylamine to form the corresponding oxime. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor and an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a ketoxime, an organobromine compound, a member of oxindoles and a biindole. 
it is the phosphate salt of oseltamivir, a synthetic derivative prodrug of ethyl ester with antiviral activity. By blocking neuraminidases on the surfaces of influenza viruses, oseltamivir interferes with host cell release of complete viral particles. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 30Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is the organoarsonic acid anion formed by loss of a single proton from the arsonic acid grouping in phenylarsonic acid. It is a conjugate base of a phenylarsonic acid. 
it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of margaric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a fatty acid anion 17:0. It is a conjugate base of a heptadecanoic acid. 
Cedr-8(15)-en-9-ol is a sesquiterpenoid that is cedr-8(15)-ene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 9. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol, a bridged compound and a cedrane sesquiterpenoid. 
it is a member of the class of oxolanes that is oxolane (tetrahydrofuran) substituted by a dichloromethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of oxolanes and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a hydride of an oxolane. 
it is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as paritaprevir. As a newer generation and directly acting HCV antiviral, paritaprevir products have better Sustained Virological Response (SVR) rates, higher barriers to resistance, fewer side effects, and a reduced pill burden compared to older agents such as [DB08873], [DB05521], [DB00008], [DB00022], and [DB00811]. By combining multiple antiretroviral medications into fixed dose products, the viral lifecycle can be targeted at multiple stages while simultaneously reducing the risk of developing resistant viral strains. Within Canada and the United States, paritaprevir is currently available in three fixed dose products: Viekira Pak (FDA), Technivie (FDA and Health Canada), and Holkira Pak (Health Canada).  More specifically, paritaprevir prevents viral replication by inhibiting the NS3/4A serine protease of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). Following viral replication of HCV genetic material and translation into a single polypeptide, Nonstructural Protein 3 (NS3) and its activating cofactor Nonstructural Protein 4A (NS4A) are responsible for cleaving genetic material into the following structural and nonstructural proteins required for assembly into mature virus: NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A, and NS5B. By inhibiting viral protease NS3/4A, paritaprevir therefore prevents viral replication and function.   In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend it as a first line therapy option when used in combination with other antivirals for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4. Depending on the genotype, it is often used in combination with other antivirals such as [DB09296], [DB09183], [DB00503], and [DB00811], with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as paritaprevir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects.   it first came on the market as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09296], [DB09183], and [DB00503] as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak. First approved in December 2014, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with [DB00811] for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.  it is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09296] and [DB00503] as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie. First approved in July 2015, Technivie is indicated in combination with [DB00811] for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.  In Canada, paritaprevir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with [DB09296], [DB09183], and [DB00503] as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak. First approved in January 2015, Holkira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with [DB00811] for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis. it is an orally bioavailable, synthetic acylsulfonamide inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) protease complex comprised of non-structural protein 3 and 4A (NS3/NS4A), with potential activity against HCV genotype 1. Upon administration, paritaprevir reversibly binds to the active center and binding site of the HCV NS3/NS4A protease and prevents NS3/NS4A protease-mediated polyprotein maturation. This disrupts both the processing of viral proteins and the formation of the viral replication complex, which inhibits viral replication in HCV genotype 1-infected host cells. NS3, a serine protease, is essential for the proteolytic cleavage of multiple sites within the HCV polyprotein and plays a key role during HCV ribonucleic acid (RNA) replication. NS4A is an activating factor for NS3. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family, and infection is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
Glutathionate(1-), also known as glutathione or glutathionic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Glutathionate(1-) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as fema 3457 or hexyl alpha-toluate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sweet, foliage, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an orally available inhibitor of mutated forms of both isocitrate dehydrogenase type 1 (IDH1, IDH1 [NADP+] soluble) in the cytoplasm and type 2 (IDH2, isocitrate dehydrogenase [NADP+], mitochondrial) in the mitochondria, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it specifically inhibits mutant forms of IDH1 and IDH2, thereby inhibiting the formation of the oncometabolite 2-hydroxyglutarate (2HG) from alpha-ketoglutarate (a-KG). This prevents 2HG-mediated signaling and leads to both an induction of cellular differentiation and an inhibition of cellular proliferation in tumor cells expressing IDH mutations. In addition, it is able to penetrate the blood-brain barrier (BBB). IDH1 and 2, metabolic enzymes that catalyze the conversion of isocitrate into a-KG, play key roles in energy production and are mutated in a variety of cancer cell types. In addition, mutant forms of IDH1 and 2 catalyze the formation of 2HG and drive cancer growth by blocking cellular differentiation and inducing cellular proliferation. 
Methanide is a hydrocarbyl anion. It is a conjugate base of a methane. It is a conjugate acid of a methanediide. 
it is under investigation for the treatment of Severe Eosinophilic Asthma. it has been investigated for the treatment of Bronchial Asthma. 
it is an aspartic acid derivative comprising L-aspartic acid carrying an N-amidino substituent. It is a L-aspartic acid derivative and a N-amidinoaspartic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-amidino-L-aspartate(1-) and a N-amidino-L-aspartate(2-). 
it is an odorless colorless to yellow liquid. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. it is a trialkyl phosphate that is the tributyl ester of phosphoric acid. it, Bu3-P, TBP. Industrial chemical; used as a plasticizer, in hydraulic fluid, as a solvent and extractant for metal ions, and as a heat exchange agent. 
Cefetamet Pivoxil Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of cefetamet pivoxil, a pivalate ester prodrug form of a cefetamet. After oral administration of cefetamet pivoxil hydrochloride, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active cefetamet. 
it appears as orange red crystals. Denser than water and soluble in water. No distinctive odor. May severely irritate the eyes and respiratory tract. Avoid contact with organic materials. Noncombustible. Used in pyrotehnic displays with tungsten and iron. it is a potassium salt that is the dipotassium salt of dichromic acid. It has a role as an oxidising agent, an allergen and a sensitiser. It contains a dichromate(2-). it is an orange to red colored, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic chromium fumes upon heating. it is highly corrosive and is a strong oxidizing agent. This substance is used in wood preservatives, in the manufacture of pigments and in photomechanical processes, but is mainly replaced by sodium dichromate. it primarily affects the respiratory tract causing ulcerations, shortness of breath, bronchitis, pneumonia and asthma but can also affect the gastrointestinal tract, liver, kidneys and immune system. This substance is a known human carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer and cancer of the sinonasal cavity. (NCI05) 
it is a fatty acid derivative that is the 9Z-octadecenoyl derivative of glycine. It is believed to be an intermediate in oleamide biosynthesis. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a fatty amide and a N-acylglycine 18:1. It derives from an oleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-oleoylglycinate. 
it is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of phenylcarbamic acid with the hydroxy group of N-ethyl-2-hydroxypropanamide. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a herbicide. It is a carbamate ester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a phenylcarbamic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as melleolides and analogues. Melleolides and analogues are compounds with a structure characterized by the presence of a 2-hydroxy-4-methoxy-6-methylbenzoic acid derivative linked to a 3, 6, 6, 7b-tetramethyl-cyclobuta[e]indene moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
5alpha-Cholest-7-en-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cholesterols and derivatives. Cholesterols and derivatives are compounds containing a 3-hydroxylated cholestane core. 5alpha-Cholest-7-en-3-one exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. 5alpha-Cholest-7-en-3-one has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 5alpha-cholest-7-en-3-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5alpha-cholest-7-en-3-one can be found in milk and milk products. This makes 5alpha-cholest-7-en-3-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
4,5-dihydro-1,3-thiazol-2-amine is a 1,3-thiazole that is 4,5-dihydro-1,3-thiazole substituted by an amino group at position 2. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles and a primary amino compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methyl-5-hexanolide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 4-methyl-5-hexanolide can be found in milk and milk products. This makes 4-methyl-5-hexanolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydroxybenzoate that is obtained by removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 6-it. It derives from a salicylate. It is a conjugate base of a 6-it. 
it is the pivaloyloxymethyl ester prodrug of cefditoren. It has a role as a prodrug and an antibacterial drug. It is a pivaloyloxymethyl ester, a member of 1,3-thiazoles, an oxime O-ether and a member of cephams. It derives from a cefditoren. Cefditoren Pivoxil is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it is a prodrug that is rapidly hydrolyzed by intestinal esterases during absorption to the microbiologically active cefditoren, an active aminothiazolyl cephalosporin. Cefditoren inactivates penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with peptidoglycan synthesis and inhibiting bacterial cell wall synthesis. Another consequence of beta-lactam exposure results in the loss of lipoteichoic acids from the cell wall. Lipoteichoic acids inhibit murein hydrolase activity and their absence from the cell wall triggers uncontrolled autolytic activity rendering bacterial cells susceptible to osmotic shock. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
Cyclosporine is a calcineurin inhibitor and potent immunosuppressive agent used largely as a means of prophylaxis against cellular rejection after solid organ transplantation. Cyclosporine therapy can be associated with mild elevations in serum bilirubin and transient serum enzyme elevations, and to rare instances of clinically apparent cholestatic liver injury. Cyclosporine is a natural cyclic polypeptide immunosuppressant isolated from the fungus Beauveria nivea. The exact mechanism of action of cyclosporine is not known but may involve binding to the cellular protein cytophilin, resulting in inhibition of the enzyme calcineurin. This agent appears to specifically and reversibly inhibit immunocompetent lymphocytes in the G0-or G1-phase of the cell cycle. T-lymphocytes are preferentially inhibited with T-helper cells as the primary target. Cyclosporine also inhibits lymphokine production and release. (NCI04) 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is pentadecanedioic acid which is substituted by methyl groups groups at positions 2 and 14, and by a hydroxy group at position 8. It is a drug used for the treatment of high LDL cholesterol, which is sometimes referred to as 'bad cholesterol'. It has a role as an antilipemic drug, an EC 2.3.3.8 (ATP citrate synthase) inhbitor and a prodrug. 
it is a organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 10H-benzo[b]xanthene-7,10,12-trione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 11, methoxy groups at positions 3 and 8 and a methyl group at position 1. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an antifungal agent and an antibacterial agent. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a polyphenol, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ether and a cyclic ketone. 
it is a propanoate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of propanol with the carboxy group of propanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a rat metabolite, a biomarker and a fungal metabolite. It derives from a propan-1-ol. 
it is a homodetic cyclic peptide that consists of L-threonine and L-valine as the amino acid residues cyclised via amide bonds. It is isolated from Lissoclinum bistratum and exhibits antitumour activity against the human colon tumour cell line. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide and a macrocycle. 
A quinazoline derivative that inhibits EPIDERMAL GROWTH FACTOR RECEPTOR and HER2 (RECEPTOR, ERBB-2) tyrosine kinases. It is used for the treatment of advanced or metastatic breast cancer, where tumors overexpress HER2. 
it is the citric acid salt of fentanyl, comprising equimolar amounts of citric acid and fentanyl. A mu-opioid receptor agonist, it is a potent opioid analgesic used in the management of labour pain, postoperative pain, and chronic intractable cancer pain. It is also widely used as the analgesic component of balanced anaesthesia. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist and an opioid analgesic. It contains a fentanyl. it is the citrate salt of fentanyl, a synthetic opioid related to the phenylpiperidines with analgesic and anesthetic properties. Fentanyl exerts its analgesic effect by selectively binding to the mu-opioid receptor in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby mimicking the effects of endogenous opiates. Additional pharmacological effects of fentanyl include anxiolysis, euphoria, feelings of relaxation, respiratory depression, constipation, miosis, and cough suppression. 
it, also known as arginyl-glutamate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a straight-chain fatty acid consisting of hexanoic acid having an oxo group at position 2. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid, an oxo fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxohexanoate. 
it is a commonly used cholesterol lowering agent (statin) that is associated with mild, asymptomatic and self-limited serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy, and rarely with clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a statin with antilipidemic and potential antineoplastic activities. it selectively and competitively binds to and inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a precursor of cholesterol. This leads to a decrease in hepatic cholesterol levels and increase in uptake of LDL cholesterol. In addition, it, like other statins, exhibits pro-apoptotic, growth inhibitory, and pro-differentiation activities in a variety of tumor cell types; these antineoplastic activities may be due, in part, to inhibition of the isoprenylation of Ras and Rho GTPases and related signaling cascades. 
Cefmenoxime is a third-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cefmenoxime binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
it is a monohydroxyacetophenone that is acetophenone in which one of the hydrogens ortho to the acetyl group has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a flavouring agent. It is a monohydroxyacetophenone and a member of phenols. 
it is an ortho-fused polycyclic arene resulting from the symmetrical fusion of the C1-C2 bonds of two naphthalene units. It is a benzenoid aromatic compound and an ortho-fused polycyclic arene. 
2,5-dimethyl-p-phenylenediamine is a primary arylamine that is p-xylene substituted at the 2 and 5 positions by amino groups. It is formally a reduction product of 2,5-dimethyl-1,4-benzoquinonediimine. It has a role as an allergen. It derives from a hydride of a p-xylene. 
Scopolamine as a natural plant alkaloid that has potent anticholinergic effects and is used to treat mild to moderate nausea, motion sickness and allergic rhinitis. Scopolamine has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Scopolamine is a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it, also known as methyl decine carbonate or fema 2751, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a floral, fruity, and green taste. 
it is a beta-carboline that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-pyrido[4,3-b]indole which is substituted by a 3-(pyridin-3-yl)propyl group at position 2 and a fluoro group at position 8. It has a role as an antipsychotic agent and a dopamine receptor D2 antagonist. It is a member of beta-carbolines, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a member of pyridines. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a 2-hydroxy steroid that is estrone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy steroid and a member of catechols. It derives from an estrone. it is a metabolite formed during the catabolism of estrone by the liver through the hydroxylation of the carbon at position 2 by cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes, including CYP1A1 and 1A2, with potential anticarcinogenic activity. The mechanism of action for the antitumor activity of it is not known but this metabolic product has minimal estrogenic activity compared to the parent compound and other estrone metabolites. Additionally, O-methylation of this compound produces 2-methoxyestradiol (2-MeOE2), which is a potent inhibitor of both cell proliferation and angiogenesis. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of razaxaban, an orally active, 1,2-benzisoxazole-containing, inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. Razaxaban forms an isoxazole-ring opened, stable, benzamidine metabolite which is subsequently excreted through the bile. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of anlotinib, a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic and anti-angiogenic activities. Upon administration, anlotininib targets multiple RTKs, including vascular endothelial growth factor receptor type 2 (VEGFR2) and type 3 (VEGFR3). This agent may both inhibit angiogenesis and halt tumor cell growth. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Vapors irritate eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Density 13.9 lb / gal. 
it is a topical and oral antifungal agent with activity against many species of yeast and candida albicans, which is used largely to treat skin and oropharyngeal candidiasis. it is not absorbed orally and has not been linked to drug induced liver injury. 
it is a linear amino pentasaccharide comprising lacto-N-neotetraose having an alpha-N-acetylneuraminyl residue attached at the 6-position of the galactosyl residue at the non-reducing end. It is an amino pentasaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is the orally bioavailable citrate salt of enclomiphene, the trans-isomer of the nonsteroidal triphenylethylene compound clomiphene, with tissue-selective estrogenic and antiestrogenic activities. As a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM), enclomiphene binds to hypothalamic estrogen receptors, blocking the negative feedback of endogenous estrogens and stimulating the release of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) from the hypothalamus; released GnRH subsequently stimulates the release of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) from the anterior pituitary, resulting in ovulation. In addition, this agent may bind to estrogen receptors on breast cancer cells, resulting in the inhibition of estrogen-stimulated proliferation in susceptible cell populations. 
it appears as odorless, white powder or granules. mp: 995Â°C. Density: 2.53 g/cm3. Solubility in water: 3.16 g/100 mL (cold water); 40.26 g/100 mL boiling water. Used as a wool de-fatting agent, in bleaching operations, as a food additive. The related substance it decahydrate (Na4P2O7*10H2O) occurs as colorless transparent crystals. Loses its water when heated to 93.8Â°C. it is an inorganic sodium salt comprised of a diphosphate(4-) anion and four sodium(1+) cations. More commonly known as it, it finds much use in the food industry as an emulsifier and in dental hygiene as a calcium-chelating salt. It has a role as a food emulsifier and a chelator. It contains a diphosphate(4-). 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is isoflavone with a hydroxy substituent at position 7. It has a role as an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an iminium ion that is a dark bluish synthetic dye used as a food colouring agent It has a role as a dye and an allergen. 
Cefcanel Daloxate is the cephem double ester prodrug of cefcanel, a semisynthetic third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefcanel daloxate is hydrolyzed in the intestinal lumen and in the gut wall by esterases to form the active metabolite cefcanel. Cefcanel binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a benzodiazepine with anxiolytic, anti-anxiety, anticonvulsant, anti-emetic and sedative properties. it enhances the effect of the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid on the GABA receptors by binding to a site that is distinct from the GABA binding site in the central nervous system. This leads to an increase in chloride channel opening events, a facilitation of chloride ion conductance, membrane hyperpolarization, and eventually inhibition of the transmission of nerve signals, thereby decreasing nervous excitation. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-histidine and L-alanine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a derivative of streptomycin, aminoglycoside antibiotic, with bactericidal property. it depends on active transport across the bacterial cell membrane before irreversibly binding S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the initiation complex between messenger RNA and the bacterial ribosome thereby causing the misreading of the genetic code resulting in the production of non-functional proteins, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. 
Trichloro-s-triazinetrione, dry appears as a white slightly hygroscopic crystalline powder or lump solid with a mild chlorine-like odor. Said to have 85 percent available chlorine. Decomposes at 225Â°C. Moderately toxic by ingestion. May irritate skin and eyes. Active ingredient in household dry bleaches. Used in swimming pools as a disinfectant . 
it is a beta-alanine derivative that is propionic acid bearing a ureido group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-carbamoyl-beta-alaninate. 
Trans-3-hydroxycotinine beta-D-glucuronide is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid that is trans-3-hydroxycotinine in which the hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a beta-D-glucuronyl residue. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a member of pyridines and a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones. It derives from a trans-3-hydroxycotinine. It is a conjugate acid of a trans-3-hydroxycotinine beta-D-glucuronide(1-). 
3, 3'-Dithiobis[4, 5-dihydro-2-methylfuran], also known as bis(2-methyl-4, 5-dihydro-3-furyl) disulfide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydrofurans. Dihydrofurans are compounds containing a dihydrofuran moiety, which is a furan derivative with only one double bond. 3, 3'-Dithiobis[4, 5-dihydro-2-methylfuran] is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as elemane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the elemane skeleton. Elemane is a monocyclic compound consisting of a cyclohexane ring substituted with a methyl group, an ethyl group, and two 1-methylethyl groups at the 1-, 1-, 2-, and 4-position, respectively. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an indolyl carboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by an indol-1-yl group. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an indolyl carboxylic acid. It derives from an acetic acid. 
Cefuroxime is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, second-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefuroxime binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it, also known as 1-ethyl-2-acetylpyrrole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-acetyl-1-ethylpyrrole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a nutty taste. 
it is a penicillanic acid ester that is the 1-ethoxycarbonyloxyethyl ester of ampicillin. It is a semi-synthetic, microbiologically inactive prodrug of ampicillin. It has a role as a prodrug. It derives from an ampicillin. it is a prodrug of ampicillin, a broad-spectrum, semisynthetic, beta-lactam aminopenicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it is hydrolyzed in vivo by esterases to its active metabolite ampicillin. Ampicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an octanoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of octanoic acid with the hydroxy group of butanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a butan-1-ol. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of myristic acid with the hydroxy group of ethanol. 
it is a triterpenoid alcohol that is a constituent of ambergris, an intestinal secretion of the sperm whale Physeter catodon. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a mammalian metabolite. It is a triterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a catechol bearing an additional fluoro substituent at position 3. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of catechols, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a fluorophenol. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is 4-methylphenol substituted by tert-butyl groups at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as an antioxidant and a food additive. It derives from a phenol. it is an organic chemical composed of 4-methylphenol modified with tert-butyl groups at positions 2 and 6. it (BHT) inhibits autoxidation of unsaturated organic compounds. BHT is used in food, cosmetics and industrial fluids to prevent oxidation and free radical formation. 
Chlorpheniramine maleate appears as odorless white crystalline solid or white powder with a bitter taste. pH (2% aqueous solution) 5. pH (1% aqueous solution) 4-5. (NTP, 1992) 
it is an enamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2Z)-2-cyano-3-hydroxybut-2-enoic acid with the anilino group of 4-(trifluoromethyl)aniline. Used for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as an EC 1.3.98.1 [dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate)] inhibitor, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent, a drug metabolite and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a nitrile, an enol, an aromatic amide, an enamide, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of isobutanol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It derives from an isobutanol. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the formal condensation of it (acid form) with three equivalents of sodium hydroxide. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a it(3-). 
Woodstain scarlet is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 7-hydroxy-8-{[4-(phenyldiazenyl)phenyl]diazenyl}naphthalene-1,3-disulfonic acid. Occasionally used for the demonstration of muscle fibres in conjunction with, or as a replacement for, acid fuchsin. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a 7-hydroxy-8-{[4-(phenyldiazenyl)phenyl]diazenyl}naphthalene-1,3-disulfonate. 
it is a white to pale-yellow crystalline powder with a slight odor. Bitter and saline taste. pH (saturated aqueous solution) about 6.5. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of imidazoles substituted at C-1, -2 and -5 with 2-hydroxyethyl, nitro and methyl groups respectively. It has activity against anaerobic bacteria and protozoa, and has a radiosensitising effect on hypoxic tumour cells. It may be given by mouth in tablets, or as the benzoate in an oral suspension. The hydrochloride salt can be used in intravenous infusions. it is a prodrug and is selective for anaerobic bacteria due to their ability to intracellularly reduce the nitro group of it to give nitroso-containing intermediates. These can covalently bind to DNA, disrupting its helical structure, inducing DNA strand breaks and inhibiting bacterial nucleic acid synthesis, ultimately resulting in bacterial cell death. It has a role as an antitrichomonal drug, a prodrug, an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent, an antiparasitic agent, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a radiosensitizing agent. It is a member of imidazoles, a C-nitro compound and a primary alcohol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic nitroimidazole derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activities. Although its mechanism of action is not fully elucidated, un-ionized it is readily taken up by obligate anaerobic organisms and is subsequently reduced by low-redox potential electron-transport proteins to an active, intermediate product. Reduced it causes DNA strand breaks, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis and bacterial cell growth. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as herbs and spices, potato, nuts, and coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid substituted by methoxycarbonyl groups at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a benzoate ester and a member of benzoic acids. 
it is a diaminopyrimidine folate antagonist with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in decreased cellular folate metabolism and cell growth; it also inhibits histamine-N-methyltransferase, resulting in decreased histamine catabolism. Lipid-soluble it is capable of crossing the blood-brain barrier. (NCI04) 
it is a gamma-amino acid that is shikimic acid in which the 3- and 5-hydroxy groups are replaced by oxo and amino groups respectively. It is a gamma-amino acid, a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 5-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, an enone and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a shikimic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an organic disulfide resulting from the formal oxidative coupling of the thiol groups of N(1),N(8)-bis(glutathionyl)-spermidine from the insect-parasitic trypanosomatid Crithidia fasciculata. It derives from a it. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Saccharin, sodium salt appears as odorless white crystals or crystalline powder. Aqueous solution is neutral or alkaline to litmus, but not alkaline to phenolphthalein. Effloresces in dry air. Intensely sweet taste. (NTP, 1992) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthopyrans. Naphthopyrans are compounds containing a pyran ring fused to a naphthalene moiety. Furan is a 6 membered-ring non-aromatic ring with five carbon and one oxygen atoms. Naphthalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon made up of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, diosbulbin D is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, diosbulbin D can be found in root vegetables. This makes diosbulbin D a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is lup-20(29)-ene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 1 and an oxo group at position 3. It has been isolated from Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a lupane. 
it is a C21-steroid that is cortisol bearing an additional hydroxy substituent at the 6beta-position. In humans, it is produced as a metabolite of cortisol by cytochrome p450-3A4 (CYP3A4, an important enzyme involved in the metabolism of a variety of exogenous and endogenous compounds) and can be used to detect moderate and potent CYP3A4 inhibition in vivo. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite, a human metabolite and a probe. It is a C21-steroid, a 6beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a cortisol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C2' atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in hyacinth bean and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an iridoid monoterpenoid that is acetaldehyde in which on of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by a 2-(beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy)-3,4-dihydro-2H-pyran-4-yl group which is substituted at positions 3 and 5 by a vinyl and a methoxycarbonyl group, respectively (the 2S,3R,4S stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a methyl ester, an aldehyde, an enoate ester, a secoiridoid glycoside and a member of pyrans. 
Fertaric acid is a cinnamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of ferulic acid with one of the hydroxy groups of tartaric acid. It is an aromatic ether, a cinnamate ester, a dicarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and a tetraric acid derivative. It derives from a 2,3-dihydroxybutanedioic acid. 
Lidocaine hydrochloride monohydrate is the monohydrate form of lidocaine hydrochloride. It has a role as a local anaesthetic and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It contains a lidocaine hydrochloride. 
it is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule, ATP-competitive inhibitor of Janus-associated kinase 2 (JAK2) and FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3; CD135; STK1; FLK2), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, fedratinib competes with wild-type JAK2 as well as mutated forms for ATP binding, which may result in inhibition of JAK2 activation, inhibition of the JAK-STAT signaling pathway, inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and induction of tumor cell apoptosis. JAK2 is the most commonly mutated gene in bcr-abl-negative myeloproliferative disorders (MPDs). In addition, fedratinib targets, binds to and inhibits the activity of FLT3. This inhibits uncontrolled FLT3 signaling and results in the inhibition of proliferation in tumor cells overexpressing FLT3. FLT3, a class III receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK), is overexpressed or mutated in most B-lineage neoplasms and in acute myeloid leukemias and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as docosanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a N-acylsphingosine and a Cer(d40:1). It derives from a docosanoic acid. 
1-(2, 6-Dihydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxychalcones. These are organic compounds containing chalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. 1-(2, 6-Dihydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
, also known as 3-hexadecanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. Thus, is considered to be an oxygenated hydrocarbon lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). is a fruity tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages and fats and oils. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as NACHAL1 or benzyl acetone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is isolated from Acroptilon repens and displays anti-allergic properties. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene lactone, an azulenofuran, an epoxide, an olefinic compound, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an organochlorine compound and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is a steroid C-21 acid having a 29-nordammarane skeleton substituted with an acetoxy group at C-16 and oxo groups at C-3 and -7, with double bonds at C-1, -17(20) and -24. It has a role as a mycotoxin, an antibacterial agent and a fungal metabolite. It is a steroid acid, a monocarboxylic acid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1) steroid and an acetate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a helvolate. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is an iridoid monoterpenoid that is 1,4a,5,6,7,7a-hexahydrocyclopenta[c]pyran substituted by methyl groups at positions 4 and 7 and a hydroxy group at position 1 (the 1R,4aS,7S,7aR-stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lactol and an iridoid monoterpenoid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Melanoma, Brain Cancer, Solid Tumors, and Central Nervous System Neoplasms. STAT3 Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailable, small molecule inhibitor of signaling transducer and activator 3 (STAT3), with potential antineoplastic and immunomodulatory activities. Upon administration, STAT3 inhibitor it blocks the intranuclear translocation of p-STAT, thereby suppressing STAT3 signaling and decreasing the levels of downstream products including c-Myc. Additionally, it may upregulate costimulatory molecules including CD80 and CD86 on human microglia, and reverse glioma cancer stem cell (gCSC)-mediated innate and adaptive immune suppression allowing for the restoration of antitumor effector immune responses. The STAT3 pathway is overly active in many cancer types and is implicated in CSC-mediated growth, recurrence and resistance to conventional chemotherapies. 
it is an oligopeptide composed of L-proline, L-arginine, L-tyrosine, L-valine, L-lysine, L-glutamine, L-asparagine, L-threonine, L-leucine, L-lysine, L-leucine, L-alanine and L-threonine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. 
, also known as fema 2814 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a mild, floral, and honey taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mentha (mint). This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 9-cyclohexyl-eicosane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloalkanes. These are saturated monocyclic hydrocarbons (with or without side chains). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is tricosane in which a hydrogen attached to one of the terminal carbons is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has been isolated from bulbs of Polianthes tuberosa, bran from the Italian bread wheat variety Pegaso and its 11 near-isogenic lines, and from the aerial parts of f Centaurea austro-anatolica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a tricosane. 
Dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(2-methylpropyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3, 5-dithiazinanes. These are cyclic compounds that contain a dithiazinane ring, which is a saturated heterocycle that consisting of one nitrogen atom, two sulfur atoms at the 1-, 3-, and 5- position, respectively. Dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(2-methylpropyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(2-methylpropyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(2-methylpropyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine is a cocoa, peanut, and roasted tasting compound that can be found in mollusks. This makes dihydro-4, 6-dimethyl-2-(2-methylpropyl)-4H-1, 3, 5-dithiazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a nitrile that is cyanamide in which the hydrogens are replaced by a 1,3-thiazolidin-2-ylidene group which in turn is substituted by a (6-chloropyridin-3-yl)methyl group at the ring nitrogen. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a neonicotinoid insectide. It is a member of thiazolidines, a nitrile and a monochloropyridine. It derives from a 2-chloropyridine and a cyanamide. 
it is an imidazopyridine that is 1H--imidazo[4,5-b]pyridine which is substituted at positions 1, 2, and 6 by methyl, hydoxyamino, and phenyl groups, respectively. The active metabolite of the dietary carcinogen PhIP. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a mutagen, a genotoxin, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a rat metabolite and a neurotoxin. It is an imidazopyridine and a hydroxylamine. It derives from a PhIP. 
it is a rhinovirus 3C protease inhibitor in development for use against human rhinoviral (HRV) infections. it was active against all 48 HRV serotypes tested in a cell protection assay in H1-HeLa cells. It is designed to combat colds caused by rhinovirus. it is a peptidomimetic inhibitor with activity against human rhinoviruses. it is an irreversible 3C protease inhibitor which blocks processing of viral proteins, thus blocking viral replication. 
it is a semisynthetic penicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a white crystalline solid which is often dissolved in a liquid carrier such as diesel oil. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. If dissolved in a liquid carrier, it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It is used as a pesticide. 
it is a hydrate derived from vanadyl sulfate (number of water molecules is not specified). It is a hydrate, a vanadium coordination entity and a metal sulfate. It contains a vanadyl sulfate. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 3 and a carboxy group at position 28 (the 2alpha,3beta stereoisomer). It is isolated from Olea europaea and Salvia canariensis and exhibits anti-inflammatory, antioxidant and antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a triterpenoid saponin that is cycloastragenol with a 2-O-beta-D-glucopyranosyl-beta-D-xylopyranosyl moiety attached at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It is a triterpenoid saponin and a disaccharide derivative. It derives from a cycloastragenol. 
it is a yellow to tan oily liquid with a slight odor of garlic. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic thiophosphate that is O,O-dimethyl hydrogen phosphorothioate in which the hydrogen atom of the hydroxy group is replaced by a 3-methyl-4-(methylsulfanyl)phenyl group. It exhibits acaricidal and insecticidal activities. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical, an avicide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an insecticide. It derives from a 4-(methylsulfanyl)-m-cresol. it is a synthetic organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a volatile and persistent colorless or yellow to tan oily liquid with a slight garlic odor, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid substituted by a 4'-acetoxyphenyl group at position 3. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an acetate ester. 
Geldanamycin is a benzoquinone antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces hygroscopicus. Geldanamycin binds to and inhibits the cytosolic chaperone functions of heat shock protein 90 (HSP90). HSP90 maintains the stability and functional shape of many oncogenic signaling proteins; the inhibition of HSP90 promotes the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins that may be over-expressed or overactive in tumor cells. (NCI04) 
it is a resolvin that is (6Z,8E,10E,14Z,16E)-icosa-6,8,10,14,16-pentaenoic acid which is substituted at positions 5, 12 and 18 by hydroxy groups (the 5S,12R,18R stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a nonclassic icosanoid, a long-chain fatty acid, a resolvin, a triol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Enzyme that is a major constituent of kidney brush-border membranes and is also present to a lesser degree in the brain and other tissues. It preferentially catalyzes cleavage at the amino group of hydrophobic residues of the B-chain of insulin as well as opioid peptides and other biologically active peptides. The enzyme is inhibited primarily by EDTA, phosphoramidon, and thiorphan and is reactivated by zinc. Neprilysin is identical to common acute lymphoblastic leukemia antigen (CALLA Antigen), an important marker in the diagnosis of human acute lymphocytic leukemia. There is no relationship with CALLA PLANT. 
Kaempferol 3-beta-gentiobioside is a kaempferol O-glucoside in which the hydroxy hydrogen at position 3 of kaempferol has been replaced by a gentiobiosyl group. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite. It is a disaccharide derivative, a kaempferol O-glucoside and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from a gentiobiose. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and to make flavorings. 
it is an it having its double bond in the 10-position. It is derived from castor oil and is used for the treatment of skin problems. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antifungal drug. It is a conjugate acid of a 10-undecenoate. it is a natural or synthetic fungistatic fatty acid, antifungal it is used topically as a zinc salt in various creams against fungal infections, eczemas, ringworm, and other cutaneous conditions. The zinc provides an astringent action, reducing rawness and irritation. 
it is a monoatomic monocation obtained from potassium. It has a role as a human metabolite and a cofactor. It is an alkali metal cation, an elemental potassium, a monovalent inorganic cation and a monoatomic monocation. 
it is an alkanesulfonic acid in which the alkyl group directly linked to the sulfo functionality is ethyl. It is a conjugate acid of an ethanesulfonate. 
it appears as a clear liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 20Â°F. Boiling point 75.7Â°F (Hawley's). Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a member of the class of its that consists of propane bearing a formyl substituent at the 1-position. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a biomarker, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
Generally purplish colored. Soluble in water. Noncombustible, but accelerate the burning of combustible material. If the combustible material is finely divided, the mixture may be explosive. May spontaneously ignite in contact with liquid combustible materials. Contact with sulfuric acid may cause fire or explosion. it is a manganese oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a permanganic acid. 
it is the chloride salt of edrophonium. A reversible inhibitor of cholinesterase with a rapid onset (30-60 seconds after injection) but a short duration of action (5-15 minutes), it is used in myasthenia gravis both diagnostically and to distinguish between under- or over-treatment with other anticholinesterases. It has also been used for the reversal of neuromuscular blockade in anaesthesia, and for the management of poisoning due to tetrodotoxin, a neuromuscular blocking toxin found in puffer fish and other marine animals. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a diagnostic agent and an antidote. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and a chloride salt. It contains an edrophonium. it is the chloride salt form of edrophonium, a short and rapid-acting cholinesterase inhibitor with parasympathomimetic activity. Echothiophate chloride potentiates the action of endogenous acetylcholine by inhibiting acetylcholinesterase that hydrolyzes acetylcholine. When applied topically to the eye, this agent prolongs stimulation of the parasympathetic receptors at the neuromuscular junctions of the longitudinal muscle of the ciliary body. Contraction of longitudinal muscle pulls on the scleral spur, and opens the trabecular meshwork, thereby increases aqueous humor outflow from the eye and reduces intraocular pressure. 
it appears as crystalline needles and plates. Used in electron microscopy to produce electron-opaque deposits for ultra structural analysis. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a pyrrolotriazine that is pyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazine which is substituted at position 2 by the pyrrolidine nitrogen of (2S)-N-(6-fluoropyridin-3-yl)-2-methylprolinamide, and at position 4 by a (5-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-3-yl)amino group. It is a potent, reversible inhibitor of the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor/insulin receptor family kinases. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyrrolotriazine, a member of pyrazoles, a member of pyridines and a member of pyrrolidines. Dual IGF-1R/InsR Inhibitor it is an oral small molecule inhibitor of insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1R) and insulin receptor (InsR) tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. Dual IGF-IR/InsR inhibitor it binds reversibly to and inhibits the activities of IGF-1R and InsR, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. IGF-1R and InsR tyrosine kinases, overexpressed in a variety of human cancers, play significant roles in mitogenesis, angiogenesis, and tumor cell survival. 
it is a propanoate ester of hexan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a propanoate ester and a fatty acid ester. It derives from a hexan-1-ol. 
it is the sodium salt form of oxacillin, a semisynthetic penicillinase-resistant and acid-stable penicillin with an antimicrobial activity. Oxacillin binds to penicillin-binding proteins in the bacterial cell wall, thereby blocking the synthesis of peptidoglycan, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to inhibition of cell growth and causes cell lysis. 
it appears as a crystalline solid or a solid dissolved in a liquid. Denser than water. Contact may slightly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be slightly toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a benzoate ester obtained by condensation of benzoic acid and methanol. It has a role as a metabolite and an insect attractant. It is a benzoate ester and a methyl ester. 
it is the anion resulting from the addition of a proton to the amino group and the removal of the two acidic protons from the phosphate group of it. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a sulfonamide, a N-acylurea and a N-sulfonylurea. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and an insulin secretagogue. it is a long-acting, third-generation sulfonylurea with hypoglycemic activity. Compared to other generations of sulfonylurea compounds, it is very potent and has a longer duration of action. This agent is metabolized by CYP2C9 and shows peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARgamma) agonistic activity. 
it is a methionine sulfoximine in which the amino group has S-stereochemistry. It has a role as an EC 6.3.1.2 (glutamate--ammonia ligase) inhibitor. It is a methionine sulfoximine, a L-methionine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
A local anesthetic that is chemically related to BUPIVACAINE but pharmacologically related to LIDOCAINE. It is indicated for infiltration, nerve block, and epidural anesthesia. Mepivacaine is effective topically only in large doses and therefore should not be used by this route. (From AMA Drug Evaluations, 1994, p168) 
it is the sodium salt form of a broad-spectrum, semisynthetic aminopenicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Amoxicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a member of the class of imidazolidines that is (4S)-1-methyl-2-oxoimidazolidine-4-carboxylic acid in which the hydrogen of the imidazolidine nitrogen has been substituted by (1S)-1-{[(2S)-1-ethoxy-1-oxo-4-phenylbutan-2-yl]amino}ethyl group. It is the prodrug for itat, an ACE inhibitor used for the treatment of chronic heart failure. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a dipeptide, a member of imidazolidines, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a secondary amino compound, an ethyl ester and a N-acylurea. it is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is converted by hydrolysis in the liver into its active form itat. itat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. itat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
(+)-car-3-ene is a car-3-ene (3,7,7-trimethylbicyclo[4.1.0]hept-3-ene) that has S configuration at position 1 and R configuration at position 6. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-car-3-ene. 
it is a taxane diterpenoid that is taxa-4(20),11-diene in which the 5alpha, 9alpha, 10beta and 13alpha hydrogens have been replaced by acetoxy groups. It is a prominent secondary metabolite of yew heartwood. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a taxane diterpenoid, an acetate ester and a carbotricyclic compound. 
it, stabilized appears as a yellow-colored liquid with an irritating pungent odor. Light sensitive, but stabilized with the addition of small amounts of water and/or calcium carbonate. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Vapors much heavier than air. Irritates skin and eyes. Very toxic by ingestion or inhalation. Used to make other chemicals. A lachrymator. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of asparagine, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of an asparagine. 
Cationic ionophore antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces lasaliensis that, among other effects, dissociates the calcium fluxes in muscle fibers. It is used as a coccidiostat, especially in poultry. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-branched alpha, beta-unsaturated ketones. These are alpha, beta-unsaturated ketones that carry a branch on the alpha carbon. They have the generic structure RC(=O)C(R')=C, R = organyl group and R'= any heteroatom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices and roman camomile. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a hydracid and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a thiocyanate. It is a tautomer of a thiocyanic acid. 
it is a recombinant DNA produced polypeptide analogue of human glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) which is used in combination with diet and exercise in the therapy of type 2 diabetes, either alone or in combination with other antidiabetic agents. There have been no published reports of hepatotoxicity attributed to it therapy. it is a long-acting, fatty acylated glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) analog administered subcutaneously, with antihyperglycemic activity. it's prolonged action and half-life of 11-15 hours are attributed to the attachment of the fatty acid palmitic acid to GLP-1 that reversibly binds to albumin. Albumin binding protects it from immediate degradation and elimination and causes GLP-1 to be released from abumin in a slow and consistent manner. This agent may cause thyroid C-cell tumors and increases the risk of acute pancreatitis. 
Cellobiose is a glycosylglucose consisting of two glucose units linked via a beta(1->4) bond. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a very long-chain fatty acid that is tricosane in which one of the methyl groups has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human metabolite and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a very long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tricosanoate. 
it is a colorless liquid. Used as a systemic aphicide in Europe, insecticide. Currently of little commercial interest. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
GR 65630 is a member of the class of methylindoles that is 1-methylindole substituted at position 3 by a 3-(4-methylimidazol-5-yl)propanoyl group. It is a methylindole, a member of imidazoles and an aromatic ketone. 
it is the L-enantiomer of the amino acid it. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-histidinium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a L-histidinate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a semi-essential amino acid (children should obtain it from food) needed in humans for growth and tissue repair, it is important for maintenance of myelin sheaths that protect nerve cells and is metabolized to the neurotransmitter histamine. Histamines play many roles in immunity, gastric secretion, and sexual functions. it is also required for blood cell manufacture and protects tissues against damage caused by radiation and heavy metals. (NCI04) 
it is a pyranoxanthene that is 2,3-dihydropyrano[3,2-a]xanthen-12(1H)-one bearing hydroxy substituents at positions 1 and 11 as well as a prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 2, a methyl substituent at position 5 and a 3,3-dimethylallyl group at position 8. A secondary metabolite produced by Aspergillus nidulans. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a cyclic ketone and a pyranoxanthene. 
it, also known as it or fema 2740, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-methyl-1-phenyl-2-pentanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, spice, and woody taste. 
Methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-2-furoylalaninate is an alanine derivative that is the N-furoyl derivative of methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)alaninate It is an alanine derivative, an aromatic amide, a carboxamide, a member of furans and a methyl ester. 
it is the bromide salt form of methylnaltrexone, a methyl derivative of noroxymorphone with selective, peripherally-acting mu-opioid receptor antagonistic activity. Methylnaltrexone displaces opioids from peripheral opioid receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, the bladder, and the skin, thereby reversing the opioid-related peripheral side-effects, such as constipation, urinary retention, and pruritis, respectively. Unlike naltrexone and due to the presence of a positively charged nitrogen atom in methylnaltrexone, this agent does not cross the blood-brain barrier and does not affect the centrally-mediated analgesic effect of opioids. 
it is a primary aliphatic amine that is pentan-3-amine substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 4. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an oligopeptide comprising pyroglutamyl, histidyl, tryptophyl, seryl, tyrosyl, 1-benzyl-D-histidyl, leucyl, arginyl, and N-ethylprolinamide residues joined in sequence. It is a synthetic nonapeptide analogue of gonadotropin-releasing hormone, and is used as a subcutaneous hydrogel implant (particularly as the diacetate salt) for the treatment of prostate cancer and for the suppression of gonadal sex hormone production in children with central precocious puberty. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist. it is a long-acting, synthetic nonapeptide analog of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH) with potential anti-tumor activity. Upon administration, it binds to and activates GnRH receptors; prolonged administration results in pituitary GnRH receptor desensitization and inhibition of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) secretion, leading to a significant decline in testosterone production in males and may inhibit androgen receptor-positive tumor progression; in females, prolonged administration results in decreased estradiol production. 
it is the conjugate base of trans-4-hydroxycyclohexanecarboxylic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It derives from a cyclohexanecarboxylate. It is a conjugate base of a trans-4-hydroxycyclohexanecarboxylic acid. 
it, also known as N-phenyl-p-aminophenol or p-anilino-phenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aniline and substituted anilines. These are organic compounds containing an aminobenzene moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone comprising isoflavanone carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 5, 7 and 4'. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
Rhodinyl phenylacetate, also known as fema 2985, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Rhodinyl phenylacetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Rhodinyl phenylacetate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, rhodinyl phenylacetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Rhodinyl phenylacetate has a floral, geranium, and honey taste. 
N-octadecanoylglycine is a fatty acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of octadecanoic acid with the amino group of glycine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a N-acylglycine 18:0 and a fatty amide. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-octadecanoylglycinate. 
it is a synthetic form of urodilatin, a naturally occurring human natriuretic peptide that is involved in regulating blood pressure and the excretion of water and sodium from the kidneys. Urodilatin is produced in the kidney and excreted into the urine, and thus exists in low levels naturally in the systemic blood circulation. When injected into the blood, it appears to cause diuresis (urine output) and natriuresis (sodium excretion), as well as vasodilation.  it is currently in Phase 2 development as a potential treatment for patients with acute decompensated heart failure (ADHF). 
it is a 2-acyl-4,6-diprenylphloroglucinol in which the acyl group is specified as isobutyryl. It has a role as an agrochemical and an insecticide. 
it is the parent compound of the its, comprising a purine core carrying an amino substituent at the 2-position. It has a role as an antimetabolite. It is a member of its and a nucleobase analogue. 
it appears as a clear colorless to light yellow liquid with a penetrating nauseating odor. Density 0.978 g / cm3. Flash point 68Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Combustion produces toxic oxides of nitrogen. it is an azaarene comprising a benzene core in which one -CH group is replaced by a nitrogen atom. It is the parent compound of the class its. It has a role as an environmental contaminant. It is a mancude organic heteromonocyclic parent, a monocyclic heteroarene, an azaarene and a member of its. 
it, also known as fema 3834, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a fruity and sulfury taste. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is (13aR)-9,11,12,13,13a,14-hexahydrodibenzo[f,h]pyrrolo[1,2-b]isoquinoline substituted at positions 2, 3 and 6 by methoxy groups. It is an alkaloid produced by relatives of the milkweed family and exhibits antiviral, anti-inflammatory, antiadipogenic and antitumorigenic activities. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite, a phytotoxin, an antimicrobial agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antiviral agent and an angiogenesis inhibitor. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether, an alkaloid and an alkaloid antibiotic. 
it is a white to very pale yellow crystalline powder with a pleasant sharp acidic taste. Almost odorless. (NTP, 1992) it is the L-enantiomer of it and conjugate acid of L-it. It has a role as a water-soluble vitamin, a it, a coenzyme, a flour treatment agent, a food antioxidant, a plant metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a L-it. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. Ascorbic Acid is a natural water-soluble vitamin (Vitamin C). Ascorbic acid is a potent reducing and antioxidant agent that functions in fighting bacterial infections, in detoxifying reactions, and in the formation of collagen in fibrous tissue, teeth, bones, connective tissue, skin, and capillaries. Found in citrus and other fruits, and in vegetables, it cannot be produced or stored by humans and must be obtained in the diet. (NCI04) 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is (5R)-8-[(6,7-difluoroquinolin-3-yl)methyl]-5-ethyl-5-hydroxy-1,4,5,8-tetrahydrooxepino[3,4-c]pyridine-3,9-dione in which position 7 of the oxepinopyridine moiety is joined to position 3 of the difluoroquinoine ring by a single bond. An E-ring modified camptothecin analogue that has greater lactone stability in plasma compared with other topoisomerase I inhibitors. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an organofluorine compound, a tertiary alcohol, an epsilon-lactone and an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound. It derives from a (R)-homocamptothecin. 
it, also known as 3-penten-1-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a brownish-yellow oil. Used as a selective acaricide and a contact and stomach insecticide against chewing and sucking insects on rice, orchard fruits, vegetables, cereals, cotton and forest. Also used against flies, mosquitoes, and cockroaches. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate that is O,O-dimethyl O-phenyl phosphorothioate substituted by a methyl group at position 3 and a nitro group at position 4. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an insecticide. It is an organic thiophosphate and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 4-nitro-m-cresol. it is a synthetic organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and endocrine disrupter that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a volatile yellow brown oily liquid, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2E)-{2-[(2,5-dimethylphenoxy)methyl]phenyl}(methoxyimino)acetic acid with the amino group of methylamine. A fungicide used for disease control in cereals, vegetables and turf. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an oxime O-ether, an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an amide fungicide and a methoxyiminoacetamide strobilurin antifungal agent. 
Sinapine, also known as sinapoylcholine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. Sinapine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, sinapine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Sinapine can be biosynthesized from trans-sinapic acid. Outside of the human body, sinapine can be found in a number of food items such as common wheat, evergreen huckleberry, rosemary, and sweet potato. This makes sinapine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a hopanoid that is hopane substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 22 (the (6alpha)-stereoisomer). It has been isolated from the fungi Aschersonia and Hypocrella. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a hopanoid, a diol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentahydroxy bile acids, alcohols and derivatives. These are bile acids, alcohols or derivatives bearing five hydroxyl groups. Thus, it is considered to be a bile acid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
Hexadiene appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a member of the class of furans that in which the furan ring is substituted by a (2-amino-4-oxo-1,3-thiazol-5(4H)-ylidene)methyl group at position 2 and a 4,5-dimethyl-2-nitrophenyl group at position 5, and i which the amino substituent of the thiazolone has been substituted by a 3-carboxy-4-chlorophenyl group. It is a direct activator of the alpha-subunit of AMP-activated protein kinase (5' adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase, AMPK). It has a role as a protein kinase agonist. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a biaryl, a member of furans, a C-nitro compound, an aminobenzoic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a 2-amino-3-oxobutanoic acid and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-2-amino-3-oxobutanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 3,6,8-trihydroxy-1H-xanthene-2,9-dione substituted by geminal prenyl groups at position 1 and a single prenyl group at position 7. It is isolated from the stem barks of Allanblackia monticola and exhibits antiplasmodial activity. It also shows weak cytotoxicity against human melanoma cells. It has a role as a metabolite, an antiplasmodial drug and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of xanthones and a polyphenol. 
it is an aminoalkylpyridine that is pyridine substituted by a 2-(methylamino)ethyl group at position 2. It acts as a histamine agonist and a vasodilator, and is thought to improve the microcirculation of the labyrinth, resulting in reduced endolymphatic pressure. It is used (generally as the hydrochloride or mesylate salt) to reduce the symptoms of vertigo, tinnitus, and hearing loss associated with Meniere's disease. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and a H1-receptor agonist. It is an aminoalkylpyridine and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a pyrazinecarboxamide derivative with activity against RNA viruses. it is converted to the ribofuranosyltriphosphate derivative by host enzymes and selectively inhibits the influenza viral RNA-dependent RNA polymerase. 
it is a pyridopyrimidine that is pyrido[3,4-d]pyrimidine-4,6-diamine in which the amino groups at positions 4 and 6 are substituted by a m-bromophenyl group and a methyl group, respectively. It is a potent, cell-permeable, reversible ATP-competitive inhibitor of EGFR tyrosine kinase activity [IC50 values of 0.008, 49 and 52 nM for EGFR, ErbB2 (HER2) and Erb4 (HER4)]. It does not inhibit FGF or PDGF-mediated tyrosine phosphorylation. Induces G1 cell cycle arrest in MCF10A cells and is antiproliferative in A431 human epidermal carcinoma cells. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a pyridopyrimidine, a secondary amino compound, a member of bromobenzenes, a diamine and an aromatic amine. 
it is a drug of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) potentiator class. It was developed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals and FDA approved in combination with [ivacaftor] to manage cystic fibrosis. This drug was approved by the FDA on February 12, 2018.  Cystic Fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by one of several different mutations in the gene for the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) protein, an ion channel involved in the transport of chloride and sodium ions across cell membranes. CFTR is active in epithelial cells of organs such as of the lungs, pancreas, liver, digestive system, and reproductive tract. Alterations in the CFTR gene result in altered production, misfolding, or function of the protein and consequently abnormal fluid and ion transport across cell membranes. As a result, CF patients produce thick, sticky mucus that clogs the ducts of organs where it is produced making patients more susceptible to complications such as infections, lung damage, pancreatic insufficiency, and malnutrition. 
The pure compound consists of colorless crystals melting at 30Â°C. Soluble in alcohol and ether. Often transported as a 25% solution in dimethyl phthalate for use as an initiator and catalyst. 
Sordaricin is a tetracyclic diterpenoid that is produced by several fungi including Sordaria araneosa. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, a bridged compound, a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid, an aldehyde and a primary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a sordaricin(1-). 
it is a carboxylic acid having D-lactic acid as the carboxylic acid component and a 3-hydroxycyclohexa-1,4-diene as the alcohol component. It is an oxo dicarboxylic acid and a lactate ester. It derives from a (R)-lactic acid. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01513928 (A Study To Compare The Pharmacokinetics Of Different Formulations Of it In Healthy Subjects). 
Quercetin 3-O-beta-D-galactopyranoside is a quercetin O-glycoside that is quercetin with a beta-D-galactosyl residue attached at position 3. Isolated from Artemisia capillaris, it exhibits hepatoprotective activity. It has a role as a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone, a monosaccharide derivative, a beta-D-galactoside and a quercetin O-glycoside. 
it is the D-enantiomer of 5-oxoproline. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a D-proline derivative and a 5-oxoproline. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-oxo-D-prolinate. It is an enantiomer of a 5-oxo-L-proline. 
it is dianion of 2,5-diamino-4-hydroxy-6-(5-phosphoribosylamino)pyrimidine. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2,5-diamino-4-hydroxy-6-(5-phosphoribosylamino)pyrimidine. It is a tautomer of a it(2-). 
it is a disaccharide that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 3 has been converted into the corresponding alpha-D-xylopyranoside. It is a glycoside and a glycosylglucose. 
A variable mixture of the mono- and disodium salts of gold thiomalic acid used mainly for its anti-inflammatory action in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It is most effective in active progressive rheumatoid arthritis and of little or no value in the presence of extensive deformities or in the treatment of other forms of arthritis. 
it is a hexahydroxyanthraquinone that is anthracene-9,10-dione in which the six hydroxy substituents are located at positions 1, 2, 4, 5, 6 and 8. Used as as a hematoxylin substitute in H&E staining. It has a role as a histological dye. 
it is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide bearing a nitroso substituent at position 4. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. It is a nitroso compound and a sulfonamide. 
Chondroitin 4'-sulfate is a chondroitin sulfate in which the site of sulfation is carbon 4 of the N-acetylgalactosamine (GalNAc) sugar. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a chondroitin 4'-sulfate anion. 
it is a member of the class of adamantanes that is used as an antiviral and antiparkinson drug. It has a role as an antiviral drug, an antiparkinson drug, a dopaminergic agent, an analgesic, a NMDA receptor antagonist and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a primary aliphatic amine and a member of adamantanes. It is a conjugate base of an adamantan-1-aminium. It derives from a hydride of an adamantane. it is a synthetic tricyclic amine with antiviral, antiparkinsonian, and antihyperalgesic activities. it appears to exert its antiviral effect against the influenza A virus by interfering with the function of the transmembrane domain of the viral M2 protein, thereby preventing the release of infectious viral nucleic acids into host cells. Furthermore, this agent prevents virus assembly during virus replication. it exerts its antiparkinsonian effects by stimulating the release of dopamine from striatal dopaminergic nerve terminals and inhibiting its pre-synaptic reuptake. This agent may also exert some anticholinergic effect through inhibition of N-methyl-D-aspartic acid (NMDA) receptor-mediated stimulation of acetylcholine, resulting in antihyperalgesia. 
Pirarubicin is an analogue of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. Pirarubicin intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin and exhibits activity against some doxorubicin-resistant cell lines. (NCI04) 
it is a glycol that is butane-1,4-diol substituted at the 2- and 3-positions by (1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl)methyl groups (the R,R-configuration). It is a lignan, a member of butanediols, a glycol and a member of benzodioxoles. 
FMN is a it that is riboflavin (vitamin B2) in which the primary hydroxy group has been converted to its dihydrogen phosphate ester. It has a role as a coenzyme, a bacterial metabolite, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a FMN(3-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, malformin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as manninotriose or D-gal-Î±1->6d-gal-Î±1->6d-glucose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an N-sulfonylurea in which the sulfur atom is attached to a 4-carboxy-2-methylthiophen-3-yl group and in which the non-sulfonated nitrogen is substituted by a 3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl group. It is a metabolite of the herbicide, it-methyl. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a thiophenecarboxylic acid, a N-sulfonylurea, an ether and a member of triazoles. 
it is a 3-(1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl)pyridine in which the chiral centre has R-configuration. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-nicotinium(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-nicotine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
5-acetamido-4-hydroxy-3-(phenyldiazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is 3-(phenyldiazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid carrying additional phenyldiazenyl, hydroxy and acetamido substituents at position 3, 4, and 5 respectively. The disodium salt is the biological stain 'azophloxine'. It is a member of azobenzenes, a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of naphthols and a member of acetamides. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-acetamido-4-hydroxy-3-(phenyldiazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, artemisia alcohol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Ethylenediamine tetraacetic acid is a colorless crystalline solid. It is slightly soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in chemical analysis, to make detergents and cleaning compounds, and for many other uses. it is a polyamino carboxylic acid, a tetracarboxylic acid and an ethylenediamine derivative. It has a role as a chelator, an antidote and an anticoagulant. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). it is the acid form of edetate, a chelating agent with anti-hypercalcemic and anticoagulant properties. it binds calcium and heavy metal ions, forming soluble stable complexes which are readily excreted by the kidneys. This results in a decrease in serum calcium levels. This agent is also used as an anticoagulant for blood specimens and is applied as a treatment of lead poisoning. 
it is an organic tricyclic compound that is 10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene substituted by a 3-(methylamino)propylidene group at position 5. It is an active metabolite of amitriptyline. It has a role as a drug metabolite, an antidepressant, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an analgesic, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is an organic tricyclic compound and a secondary amine. It derives from an amitriptyline. It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. it is a tricyclic antidepressant agent used for short-term treatment of various forms of depression. it blocks the norepinephrine presynaptic receptors, thereby blocking the reuptake of this neurotransmitter and raising the concentration in the synaptic cleft in the CNS. it also binds to alpha-adrenergic, histaminergic and cholinergic receptors. Long-term treatment with it produces a downregulation of adrenergic receptors due to the increased stimulation of these receptors. 
it is a mixture comprising of theophylline and ethylenediamine in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent and a cardiotonic drug. It contains a theophylline and an ethylenediamine. it is a methylxanthine and derivative of theophylline. it relaxes smooth muscles, particularly bronchial muscles. This xanthine most likely exerts its effect by inhibiting cAMP or cGMP phosphodiesterases, thereby increasing levels of the second messenger cAMP or cGMP intracellularly. Other mode of actions include an adenosine antagonistic effect on the activity of CD4 lymphocytes and mediator release from mast cells thereby decreasing lung sensitivity to allergens and other substances that cause inflammation. it also acts as a CNS stimulant and exerts a positive chronotropic and inotropic effect on the heart. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a pungent tasting compound that can be found in mushrooms and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 21-membered macrocycle isolated from the fermentation broth of Streptomyces sp.AC654. It exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a secondary alcohol, a carboxylic ester, an ether, a lactam, a macrocycle, an aryl sulfide and a member of hydroquinones. 
it is a primary alcohol that is pentanol substituted by a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Proguanil Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of proguanil, a synthetic biguanide derivative of pyrimidine and an folate antagonist with antimalarial property. Upon hydrolysis, proguanil is converted to its active cyclic triazine metabolite, cycloguanil, by a cytochrome P450 dependent reaction. Cycloguanil selectively inhibits the bifunctional dihydrofolate reductase-thymidylate synthase (DHFR-TS) of plasmodium parasite, thereby disrupting deoxythymidylate synthesis and ultimately blocking DNA and protein synthesis in the parasite. 
trans-2, 3, 4-Trimethoxycinnamate, also known as 3-(2, 3, 4-trimethoxyphenyl)acrylic acid or 3-(2, 3, 4-trimethoxyphenyl)-2-propenoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. trans-2, 3, 4-Trimethoxycinnamate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. trans-2, 3, 4-Trimethoxycinnamate has been found in human prostate tissue. 
it appears as colorless liquid with a rose or fruity odor. Floats on water. Freezing point 23Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is a fatty alcohol consisting of a hydroxy function at C-1 of an unbranched saturated chain of nine carbon atoms. It has been isolated as a component of volatile oils from plants like Hordeum vulgare. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It derives from a hydride of a nonane. 
it is a cytochalasan alkaloid found in Chaetomium globosum. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a cytochalasan alkaloid, a member of indoles and a macrocycle. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation between (1R)-cis-2,2-dimethyl-3-(1,2,2,2-tetrabromoethyl)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid and the alcoholic hydroxy group of (2S)-hydroxy(3-phenoxyphenyl)acetonitrile. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide. It is an organobromine compound, a nitrile, a member of cyclopropanes, a carboxylic ester and an aromatic ether. It derives from a (1R)-cis-2,2-dimethyl-3-(1,2,2,2-tetrabromoethyl)cyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound resulting from the formal condensation of the 3-keto-aldehyde moiety of oxymetholone with hydrazine. Like oxymetholone, it is a synthetic anabolic steroid. It has both anabolic and androgenic properties, and has been used to treat hereditary angioedema and various vascular disorders. It has also been widely abused by professional athletes. It has a role as an androgen and an anabolic agent. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a tertiary alcohol, an anabolic androgenic steroid and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It derives from an oxymetholone. it is an orally active synthetic anabolic steroid and a 17alpha-alkylated derivative of dihydrotestosterone that is formed by the condensation of the 3-keto-aldehyde moiety of oxymetholone with hydrazine, with androgenic activity. Although it has low affinity for binding the androgen receptor (AR), it strongly activates AR-mediated signaling, which stimulates both protein synthesis and erythropoietin production. This agent may stimulate fat loss while retaining lean body mass, and may induce hemoglobin production and red blood cell formation; therefore, it may be used to treat wasting diseases or anemia. 
1-behenoylglycerol is a fatty acid ester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group at position-1 of glycerol with the carboxy group of docosanoic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a 1-monoglyceride and a fatty acid ester. It derives from a glycerol and a docosanoic acid. 
Rhenium Re 186 is a radioisotope with an atomic number of 75 and a half life of 90 hours that emits beta particles and gamma rays and is used in cancer treatment and diagnostic imaging technique. (NCI) 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine in which the 1- and 2-acyl groups are both specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a green crystalline solid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used in making blueprints. 
3',4',5-trihydroxy-3,7-dimethoxyflavone is a dimethoxyflavone that the 3,7-di-O-methyl derivative of quercetin. It has a role as an EC 1.3.1.22 [3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a dimethoxyflavone. It derives from a quercetin. It is a conjugate acid of a 3',4',5-trihydroxy-3,7-dimethoxyflavone(1-). 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-aspartic acid and glycine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid and a glycine. 
it is the 1-O-phospho derivative of L-fuculose. It derives from a L-fuculose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
2, 8-Dihydroxyadenine, also known as 6-amino-purine-2, 8-diol or dimethyloctanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purinones. These are purines in which the purine moiety bears a C=O group. Purine is a bicyclic aromatic compound made up of a pyrimidine ring fused to an imidazole ring. 2, 8-Dihydroxyadenine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 8-dihydroxyadenine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Acorenone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexenones. Cyclohexenones are compounds containing a cylohexenone moiety, which is a six-membered aliphatic ring that carries a ketone and has one endocyclic double bond. Acorenone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, acorenone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, acorenone can be found in carrot, herbs and spices, root vegetables, and wild carrot. This makes acorenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aminoquinoline that is quinoline which is substituted at position 4 by a [5-(diethylamino)pentan-2-yl]amino group at at position 7 by chlorine. It is used for the treatment of malaria, hepatic amoebiasis, lupus erythematosus, light-sensitive skin eruptions, and rheumatoid arthritis. It has a role as an antimalarial, an antirheumatic drug, a dermatologic drug, an autophagy inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is an aminoquinoline, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound and an organochlorine compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). it is a 4-aminoquinoline with antimalarial, anti-inflammatory, and potential chemosensitization and radiosensitization activities. Although the mechanism is not well understood, it is shown to inhibit the parasitic enzyme heme polymerase that converts the toxic heme into non-toxic hemazoin, thereby resulting in the accumulation of toxic heme within the parasite. This agent may also interfere with the biosynthesis of nucleic acids. it's potential chemosensitizing and radiosensitizing activities in cancer may be related to its inhibition of autophagy, a cellular mechanism involving lysosomal degradation that minimizes the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) related to tumor reoxygenation and tumor exposure to chemotherapeutic agents and radiation. 
it appears as a fine green powder. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Primary hazard is threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. it is a green, crystalline, inorganic compound that produces toxic gases upon heating. it is used in nickel-cadmium batteries and as a catalyst in chemical reactions. Exposure to this substance can cause severe dermatitis, skin and asthma-like allergies and affects the lungs, kidneys, gastrointestinal tract and neurological system. it is a known carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung and nasal cancers. (NCI05) 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Density 5.7 lb / gal. Flash point -65Â°F. Boiling point 93Â°F. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If polymerization takes place inside a closed container, the container may rupture violently. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is a hemiterpene with the formula CH2=C(CH3)CH=CH2; the monomer of natural rubber and a common structure motif to the isoprenoids, a large class of other naturally occurring compounds. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an alkadiene, a hemiterpene and a volatile organic compound. it is an unsaturated pentahydrocarbon, it is found in certain plants or obtained by distillation of caoutchouc or gutta-percha. In plants, it is elementary in the formation of isoprenoids, fat-soluble vitamins, carotenoids and related pigments. its contribute to flavors and fragrances of essential oils and other plant-derived substances. (NCI04) 
Isosorbide-5-mononitrate is a crystalline solid. It is very flammable and may be toxic by ingestion. it is a nitrate ester and a glucitol derivative. It has a role as a nitric oxide donor and a vasodilator agent. it is the mononitrate salt form of isosorbide, an organic nitrate with vasodilator activity. it relaxes vascular smooth muscle by formation of the free radical nitric oxide (NO), which is identical to the endothelium-derived relaxing factor (EDRF). NO activates guanylyl cyclase, thereby increasing the synthesis of cGMP within smooth muscle, resulting in dephosphorylation of light chain myosin and relaxation of peripheral arteries and veins. In addition, it relaxes coronary arteries, thereby increasing the blood circulation through the ischemic area. (NCI05) 
it is an 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid substituted by an oxo group at position 3 and a beta-hydroxy group at position 17. It is an anabolic androgenic steroid that has been developed for veterinary use. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an anabolic androgenic steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. 
Dithiazanine iodide appears as green, needle-like crystals. Used as a veterinary anthelmintic, as a sensitizer for photographic emulsions and as an insecticides. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a lactol that consists of 1,4-benzoxazine bearing two hydroxy substituents at positions 2 and 4 as well as a keto group at position 3. It has a role as a phytotoxin, a herbicide, an allelochemical and a plant metabolite. It is a benzoxazine, a cyclic hydroxamic acid and a lactol. 
it is a semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic with bactericidal properties. it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit. This antibiotic is active against most gram-positive and gram-negative organisms and is used in the treatment of tuberculosis and tulemia. 
it is a cyclic hydrocarbon consisting of cyclohexane with a methylene bridge linking positions 1 and 4. It is a bridged compound and a cyclic hydrocarbon. 
it, also known as barrigenol A2 or theasapogenin i, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an isoquinolinol that is isoquinoline in which the hydrogens at positions 1 and 5 are replaced by hydroxy groups. It has a role as an EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor. 
(S)-it, also known as 3-hydroxy-isobutyryl-coenzyme A or 3-hydroxy-2-methylpropanoyl-CoA, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain (S)-it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa) (S)-it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (S)-3-hydroxyisobutyryl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm (S)-it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, (S)-3-hydroxyisobutyryl-CoA is involved in the valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation pathway (S)-it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the maple syrup urine disease pathway, the 3-methylglutaconic aciduria type IV pathway, the propionic acidemia pathway, and the isovaleric aciduria pathway. 
it appears as a white solid (shipped packed in Dry Ice to stabilize) with a sharp unpleasant odor. Insoluble in sater and sinks in water. Used as polymerization catalyst. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid that is the ethyl derivative of beta-D-glucuronic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is 2-aminopyrimidine substituted at positions N2, 5 and 6 by (5-cyanopyridin-2-yl)ethyl, 4-methylimidazol-2-yl and 2,4-dichlorophenyl groups respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of imidazoles, a dichlorobenzene, an aminopyrimidine, an aminopyridine, a cyanopyridine, a secondary amino compound and a diamine. 
it is a yellow crystalline solid. Mp: 76Â°C; bp: 315Â°C. Insoluble in water. Very soluble in ethyl alcohol and in diethyl ether. Toxic to aquatic organisms, may cause long-term adverse effects in the environment. it is a mononitronaphthalene carrying a nitro group at position 2. 
Pollinastanol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-hydroxysteroids. These are steroids carrying a hydroxyl group at the 3-position of the steroid backbone. Pollinastanol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Pollinastanol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, pollinastanol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, pollinastanol can be found in dandelion. This makes pollinastanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as fema 3707, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an apple, berry, and fruity taste. 
Bromazine hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of bromazine. An antihistamine with antimicrobial properties, it is used in the control of cutaneous allergies. It has a role as a histamine antagonist, an antimicrobial agent, a muscarinic antagonist and a H1-receptor antagonist. It is a hydrochloride and an organobromine compound. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthen-9-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 6 and 8, a geranyl group at position 1 and a methoxy group at position 2. Isolated from Mesua and Garcinia dioica, it exhibits antibacterial and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antibacterial agent. It is an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a member of xanthones. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Post-herpetic Neuralgia, Pain Associated With Fibromyalgia, and Diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain. 
it is an alkane that is hexane substituted by a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. 
Alpha-Terpineol butanoate, also known as alpha -terpinyl butyrate or a-terpineol butanoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Alpha-Terpineol butanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-terpineol butanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Alpha-Terpineol butanoate has a balsam, fruity, and rosemary taste. 
Zinc ferrite is a mixed metal oxide with formula Fe2O4Zn. It is a mixed metal oxide, a zinc coordination entity and an iron coordination entity. It contains an iron(3+). 
it appears as a water-white liquid. Flash point near 125Â°F. Less dense than water. May be mildly toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used as a solvent. it is a tertiary amine that is ammonia in which each hydrogen atom is substituted by a propyl group. 
it, also known as L-histamine deriv. 1, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylethylamines. These are primary amines that have the general formula RCCNH2, where R is an organic group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
2,4,5-trichlorophenoxypropionic acid is a white powder. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a phenoxy herbicide. 
Focalin is a DEA controlled drug. It is classified by the DEA as Stimulants. Street names for Amphetamines are Bennies, Black Beauties, Crank, Ice, Speed, and Uppers. it is a synthetic sympathomimetic amine with CNS stimulating properties. it acts by facilitating the release of catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and inhibits their uptake. This leads to an increase in motor activity, causes euphoria, mental alertness and excitement and suppresses appetite. This drug causes dependence and may cause an increase in heart rate and blood pressure. It is used in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. It may also be used in the treatment of fatigue and other nervous system effects seen with chemotherapy. 
An anti-inflammatory agent used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. It also has uricosuric properties and has been used to treat gout. 
Tellurium, also known as tellur or aurum paradoxum, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as homogeneous metalloid compounds. These are inorganic compounds containing only metal atoms, with the largest atom being a metalloid atom. Tellurium has been primarily detected in urine, saliva, blood, and bile. 
it is a secondary amino compound that is 1-phenyl-propan-2-amine in which one of the meta-hydrogens is substituted by trifluoromethyl, and one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by an ethyl group. It binds to the serotonin reuptake pump, causing inhbition of serotonin uptake and release of serotonin. The resulting increased levels of serotonin lead to greater serotonin receptor activation which in turn lead to enhancement of serotoninergic transmission in the centres of feeding behavior located in the hypothalamus. This suppresses the appetite for carbohydrates. it was used as the hydrochloride for treatment of diabetes and obesity. It was withdrawn worldwide after reports of heart valve disease and pulmonary hypertension. It has a role as a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. It is a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. it is an amphetamine derivative and a sympathomimetic stimulant with appetite-suppressant property. it, which was part of the Fen-Phen anti-obesity medication, stimulates the release of serotonin from vesicular storage, and modulates serotonin transporter function. Since serotonin regulates mood and appetite, among other functions, increased serotonin level results in a feeling of fullness and loss of appetite. 
P-it appears as pale-yellow viscous liquid (that becomes solid on standing at room temperature) or a peach colored powder. Pungent faintly fatty odor. Sharp astringent taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a substituted phenol with bactericidal, antihelminthic and potential antineoplastic activities. it is used as an antiseptic in mouthwashes and skin wound cleansers. it may also inhibit oxidative DNA damage by enhancing the activity of antioxidant enzymes, including glutathione peroxidase and glutathione reductase, which facilitate scavenging reactive oxygen molecules by glutathione (GSH). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fenugreek and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as colorless liquid with a mild pleasant odor. May float or sink in water. Freezing point is 81Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is an aromatic ether in which the oxygen is attached to two phenyl substituents. It has been found in muscat grapes and vanilla. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a prenol phosphate comprising 3-methylbut-3-en-1-ol having an O-diphosphate substituent. It has a role as an epitope, a phosphoantigen, an antioxidant, an antigen, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it(3-). 
it is an imidazole derivative with short-acting sedative, hypnotic, and general anesthetic properties. it appears to have gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) like effects, mediated through GABA-A receptor. The action enhances the inhibitory effect of GABA on the central nervous system by causing chloride channel opening events which leads to membrane hyperpolarization. 
it is a sulfoglycosphingolipid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a psychosine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Difenoxin hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of difenoxin. It has similar actions and uses to diphenoxylate hydrochloride, being administered for the symptomatic treatment of acute and chronic diarrhoea. In an attempt to discourage abuse (at high doses, difenoxin acts like morphine), preparations usually contain subclinical amounts of atropine sulfate. It has a role as an antidiarrhoeal drug. It contains a difenoxin. 
it is a member of the class of muricholic acids in which the hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 7 both have beta configuration. It is a member of muricholic acids, a 6beta-hydroxy steroid and a 7beta-hydroxy steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-muricholate. 
it is a glucocorticoid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a fluorinated steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug, an anti-asthmatic agent and an immunosuppressive agent. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with metabolic, immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory activities. it binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
it is a derivative of beta-D-glucuronic acid in which a methyl group is present at the anomeric position. It derives from a beta-D-glucuronic acid. 
it is developed for the treatment of SLE (Systemic Lupus Erythematosus), which is an autoimmune disease. The disease affects mainly women of fertile age and progresses in flares with relatively symptom free periods in between. Current treatments of SLE are NSAID (nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs), corticosteroids, antimalarians or cytotoxic drugs like for example Cyclophosphamide. The autoimmune attack affects several different organ systems and many patients suffer from serious secondary disease symptoms such as renal disorders as the disease progresses. 
it is a carbotricyclic compound and sesquiterpenoid tertiary alcohol that is tricyclo[5.3.1.0(3,8)]undecan-3-ol which is substituted at positions 2, 2, 6 and 8 by methyl groups (the 1R,3R,6S,7S,8S-diastereoisomer). It is a tertiary alcohol, a sesquiterpenoid and a carbotricyclic compound. 
it is triamcinolone acetonide with hydrogen instead of the fluorine substituent at position 9. A corticosteroid anti-inflammatory, it is used topically as a cream, ointment or lotion for the treatment of various skin disorders. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a corticosteroid, a cyclic ketal, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. it is a synthetic glucocorticosteroid for topical use, with anti-inflammatory activity. it binds to glucocorticoid receptors in the cytoplasm, and the ligand-receptor complex is translocated as a homodimer into the nucleus, where transcription activation via glucocorticoid response elements within glucocorticoid-responsive genes occur. This agent induces transcription of genes coding for anti-inflammatory proteins, including lipocortin-1, interleukin-10, interleukin-1 receptor antagonist and neutral endopeptidase. Increased synthesis of lipocortin-1 has an inhibitory effect on phospholipase A2, which in turn inhibits the release arachidonic acid, thereby controlling the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. 
it is the mesylate salt of bromocriptine, a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid with dopaminergic, antidyskinetic, and antiprolactinemic activities. Bromocriptine selectively binds to and activates postsynaptic dopamine D2 receptors in the corpus striatum of the central nervous system (CNS). Activation of these D2 receptors activate inhibitory G-proteins, which inhibit adenylyl cyclase, preventing signal transduction mediated via cAMP and resulting in the inhibition of neurotransmission and an antidyskinetic effect. This agent also stimulates dopamine D2 receptors in the anterior pituitary gland, which results in the inhibition of prolactin secretion and lactation and may inhibit the proliferation of prolactin-dependent breast cancer cells. 
Technetium Tc-99m Tetrofosmin is a radiopharmaceutical consisting of tetrofosmin, composed of two bidentate diphosphine ligands chelating the metastable radioisotope technetium Tc-99 (99mTc), with potential imaging activity upon SPECT (single photon emission computed tomography). Upon administration, technetium Tc 99m tetrofosmin is preferentially taken up by, and accumulates in, myocardial cells. Upon imaging, myocardial cells can be visualized and changes in ischemia and/or perfusion can be detected. 
21-hydroxyit is a steroid sulfate that is 21-hydroxypregnenolone in which both hydroxy hydrogens have been replaced by sulfo groups. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a steroid sulfate and a 20-oxo steroid. It derives from a 21-hydroxypregnenolone. It is a conjugate acid of a 21-hydroxyit anion and a 21-hydroxyit(2-). 
(2->6)-it is a fructan compound consisting of repeating (2->6)-beta-linked fructofuranose units. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is an intermediate involved in the glycine and serine metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-it. 
it is a vitamin D3 analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and activates the vitamin D receptor, a cytoplasmic polypeptide expressed in normal vitamin D responsive tissues, but also overexpressed in certain cancers including hepatocellular carcinoma and pancreatic cancer. Mediated through vitamin D receptor, this agent induces cancer cell differentiation, inhibits cancer cell growth and induces apoptosis. In addition, it may also induce growth arrest and apoptosis independent of vitamin D receptor activation through mechanisms that are not fully elucidated. 
it is a hydroxy seco-steroid and synthetic vitamin D2 analogue that undergoes metabolic activation in vivo to form 1alpha,25-dihydroxyvitamin D2 (1alpha,25-(OH)2D2), a naturally occurring, biologically active form of vitamin D2. It is used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism, a condition in which the body produces excess parathyroid hormone (PTH; a natural substance needed to control the amount of calcium in the blood) in certain people with chronic kidney disease. It has a role as a provitamin, a bone density conservation agent and a prohormone. It is a vitamin D and a hydroxy seco-steroid. it is a synthetic analog of vitamin D with potential antineoplastic activity. In the liver, it is converted to its biologically active vitamin D metabolites, which control the intestinal absorption of dietary calcium, the tubular reabsorption of calcium by the kidney and, in conjunction with parathyroid hormone (PTH), the mobilization of calcium from the skeleton. Through interaction with specific receptor proteins in target tissues, these vitamin D metabolites act directly on osteoblasts to stimulate skeletal growth, and on the parathyroid glands to suppress PTH synthesis and secretion. This agent has also been shown to inhibit the growth of retinoblastomas, and may exhibit some antiproliferative activity against prostate cancer cells. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a cabbage and radish tasting compound that can be found in brassicas. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A proline analog that acts as a stoichiometric replacement of proline. It causes the production of abnormal proteins with impaired biological activity. 
2,5,7-trihydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-2,3-dihydro-4H-chromen-4-one is a tetrahydroxyflavanone carrying the hydroxy groups at positions 2, 4', 5 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone and a member of 2-hydroxyflavanones. 
it is a carbotricyclic sesquiterpene obtained from several natural sources, including Australian Tea Tree oil (Melaleuca alternifolia.) It is a sesquiterpene and a carbotricyclic compound. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dioxolopyrans. Dioxolopyrans are compounds containing a dioxolopyran moiety, which consists of a dioxole ring fused to a pyran ring. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as furfuryl ethyl ether or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet and spicy taste. 
it is a member of the class of butanals that is succinic semialdehyde in which the hydroxy group of the carboxylic acid function is replaced by a pyridin-3-yl group. It is a member of butanals, a member of pyridines and an aromatic ketone. 
it is a it that is the conjugate base of trans-3-coumaric acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a trans-3-coumaric acid. 
it appears as colorless monoclinic crystals with a faint aromatic odor. Solutions exhibit a blue fluorescence. (NTP, 1992) it is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon composed of three fused benzene rings which takes its name from the two terms 'phenyl' and 'anthracene.' It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a mouse metabolite. It is an ortho-fused polycyclic arene, an ortho-fused tricyclic hydrocarbon and a member of its. 
it appears as a white to light-colored crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Readily ignited by sparks or flames and burns vigorously. Used to make other chemicals. 
it, also known as 2-carboxybenzyl alcohol or a-hydroxy-O-toluic acid, 8CI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acids. These are organic Compounds containing a benzene ring which bears at least one carboxyl group. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow-colored liquid with a strong odor. Flash point 90Â°F. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May irritate skin and eyes. In high concentrations the vapors may be narcotic. 
it is a 1,2,4-triazole compound having a 3,5-bis(2-cyano-2-propyl)benzyl group at the 1-position. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor. It is a member of triazoles and a nitrile. it is a nonsteroidal inhibitor of estrogen synthesis that resembles paclitaxel in chemical structure. As a third-generation aromatase inhibitor, it selectively binds to and reversibly inhibits aromatase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme complex found in many tissues including those of the premenopausal ovary, liver, and breast; aromatase catalyzes the aromatization of androstenedione and testosterone into estrone and estradiol, the final step in estrogen biosynthesis. In estrogen-dependent breast cancers, ananstrozole may inhibit tumor growth. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of hydroquinones that is 2,3-dimethoxyhydroquinone in which the hydrogens at positions 5 and 6 have been replaced by a methyl group and a decyl group. It is a member of hydroquinones and a member of methoxybenzenes. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole substituted by a 4-fluorophenyl group at position 5, a 4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl group at position 1 and a trifluoromethyl group at position 3. A selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, it exhibits anticancer property. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of pyrazoles, an organofluorine compound and a sulfone. 
Diosgenin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside is a sterol 3-beta-D-glucoside having diosgenin as the sterol component. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a sterol 3-beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a hexacyclic triterpenoid and a spiroketal. It derives from a diosgenin. It derives from a hydride of a spirostan. 
it appears as white crystals with a slight sulfur-mercaptan odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of guanidines that consists of guanidine carrying a methyl substituent at position 1, a cyano group at position 2 and a 2-{[(5-methyl-1H-imidazol-4-yl)methyl]sulfanyl}ethyl group at position 3. It is a H2-receptor antagonist that inhibits the production of acid in stomach. It has a role as a H2-receptor antagonist, a P450 inhibitor, an anti-ulcer drug, an analgesic and an adjuvant. It is a member of guanidines, a member of imidazoles, an aliphatic sulfide and a nitrile. it is a histamine H(2)-receptor antagonist. Enhancing anti-tumor cell-mediated responses, it blocks histamine's ability to stimulate suppressor T lymphocyte activity and to inhibit natural killer (NK) cell activity and interleukin-2 production. it also may inhibit tumor growth by suppressing histamine's growth-factor activity and blocking histamine-induced stimulation of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), a pro-angiogenic growth factor. (NCI04) 
it, also known as ctop or 2-methylthio-6-methylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a ureidocarboxylic acid that is 2-methylpropanoic acid substituted by a carbamoylamino group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a fatty nitrile obtained by formal condensation of oleic acid with ammonia. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a fatty nitrile and an olefinic compound. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a stilbenol that is trans-stilbene in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 4, while the other phenyl group is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a protein kinase inhibitor, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite, a hypoglycemic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a stilbenol, a member of resorcinols, a member of catechols and a polyphenol. It derives from a hydride of a trans-stilbene. 
it is a carbohydrate acid anion that is the conjugate base of D-it, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a D-it. 
A quinolizidine alkaloid isolated from several FABACEAE including LUPINUS; SPARTIUM; and CYTISUS. It has been used as an oxytocic and an anti-arrhythmia agent. It has also been of interest as an indicator of CYP2D6 genotype. 
it is dianion of 1D-myo-inositol 4-phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an inositol phosphate oxoanion and a myo-inositol phosphate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a 1D-myo-inositol 4-phosphate. 
Methacrylyl-CoA, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Methacrylyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Methacrylyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, methacrylyl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. In humans, methacrylyl-CoA is involved in the valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation pathway. Methacrylyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the 3-methylglutaconic aciduria type IV pathway, the isovaleric acidemia pathway, methylmalonate semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency, and the 3-hydroxyisobutyric aciduria pathway. 
it is a 17-oxo steroid and a 3-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. it is a naturally occurring steroid with estrogenic activity obtained from the urine of pregnant mares. 
it is a member of the class xanthones which consists of a dihydroxanthone skeleton substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 8, a methyl group at position 6 and a methoxycarbonyl group at position 4a (the 4R,4aS stereoisomer). It is isolated from Emericella nidulans var lata and Penicillium and exhibits potent antitumour activity against both human and murine tumour cell lines. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a member of phenols and a methyl ester. 
Alpha-Terpineol formate, also known as a-terpineol formic acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. Alpha-Terpineol formate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alpha-terpineol formate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Alpha-Terpineol formate is a bitter, citrus, and floral tasting compound that can be found in cardamom and sweet bay. This makes Alpha-terpineol formate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2,3-disulfanylpropane-1-sulfonic acid is an alkanesulfonic acid that is propane-1-sulfonic acid substituted by sulfanyl groups at positions 2 and 3. It is an alkanesulfonic acid and a dithiol. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine substituted by a 2-(dimethylamino)propyl group at nitrogen atom and a propanoyl group at position 2. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug, a dopaminergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist, a histamine antagonist and a sedative. It is a member of phenothiazines, an aromatic ketone and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a hydride of a 10H-phenothiazine. it is a phenothiazine derivative and atypical antipsychotic agent with sedative, antiemetic and antipsychotic activities. it binds to a variety of receptors, including alpha1, dopamine, histamine H1, muscarinic, and serotonin type 2 (5-HT2) receptors. it exerts its antiemetic and sedative effects through antagonism at histamine H1 receptors; Its antipsychotic effect is attributed to antagonistic activities at dopamine and 5-HT2 receptors. 
it is a member of porphyrinogens. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Herpes Zoster, Herpes Simplex, Herpes Genitalis, and Safety of it. it is a novel helicase-primase inhibitor that is active against varicella-zoster virus and herpes simplex virus types 1 and 2. Amenamenir stabilizes the interaction between the helicase-primase and its DNA substrates, preventing the progression through helicase or primase catalytic cycles, thus interfering with viral DNA replication and viral growth. 
it is a citrate salt in which all three carboxy groups are deprotonated and associated with ammonium ions as counter-cations. It has a role as a food emulsifier and a buffer. It is an ammonium salt and a citrate salt. 
Ethyl phosphonothioic dichloride, anhydrous appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Burns, but may be difficult to ignite. Denser than water. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as butenolides. These are dihydrofurans with a carbonyl group at the C2 carbon atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in fats and oils. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 6-deoxy-alpha-D-galact-3-ulose (3-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-xylo-hexose) as the sugar component. It is a dTDP-sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a wax ester resulting from the formal condensation of lauric acid with palmityl alcohol. It is a wax ester and a dodecanoate ester. It derives from a hexadecan-1-ol. 
Quinine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of the quinidine alkaloid isolate quinine. Quinine has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
it, also known as 2, 4-dimethyl-2-(4-methyl-3-penten-1-yl)-1, 3-dioxolane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketals. These are acetals derived from ketones by replacement of the oxo group by two hydrocarbyloxy groups R2C(OR)2 ( R not Hydrogen ). This term, once abandoned, has been reinstated as a subclass of acetals. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6-methyl-5-hepten-2-one propyleneglycol acetal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a citrus, fatty, and green taste. 
An ester of glucose with phosphoric acid, made in the course of glucose metabolism by mammalian and other cells. It is a normal constituent of resting muscle and probably is in constant equilibrium with fructose-6-phosphate. (Stedman, 26th ed) 
IMP is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having hypoxanthine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and an inosine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an IMP(2-). 
An azapeptide and HIV-PROTEASE INHIBITOR that is used in the treatment of HIV INFECTIONS and AIDS in combination with other ANTI-HIV AGENTS. 
it is a taxifolin that has (2R,3S)-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-epitaxifolin. 
P-tolyl beta-D-glucuronide is a glucosiduronic acid that is beta-D-glucuronic acid in which the anomeric hydroxyl hydrogen is replaced by a p-tolyl group. It has a role as a rat metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a p-tolyl beta-D-glucuronide(1-). 
it is an orally available bromide salt form of pinaverium, a calcium channel blocker (CCB) with antispasmodic activity. Upon oral administration, pinaverium blocks the voltage-dependent calcium channels and inhibits calcium ion influx into the smooth muscle cells located in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. This prevents smooth muscle contraction and relaxes the GI tract. In addition, pinaverium may both reduce bowel uptake of and facilitate the function of locally active, co-administered drugs. 
it appears as white crystals or chunky solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a fatty acid methyl ester and an octadecanoate ester. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phthalazinones. Phthalazinones are compounds containing a phthalazine bearing a ketone group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
Icatibant, also known as hoe 140 or hoechst-140, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Icatibant is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Icatibant has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, icatibant is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid having an ent-dammarane skeleton with a double bond at C-24 and a Z-double bond at C-17(20). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a protostane. 
it is a member of the class of dioxolanes that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted at position 2 by 2,4-dichlorophenyl and 1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl groups. A fungicide used mainly in ornamental crops to control canker and other diseases. it is moderately toxic to mammals but is not expected to bioaccumulate. It is moderately toxic to birds, fish and aquatic invertebrates. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene, a cyclic ketal, a dioxolane, a member of triazoles, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is an azaphilone isolated from Chaetomium globosum and has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against the brine shrimp (Artemia salina) and Mucor miehei. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It is an azaphilone, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a delta-lactone, an organochlorine compound, an enone and a tertiary alcohol. 
it appears as colorless crystalline needles, flakes, pellets, rods, briquettes, lumps or a fused mass. Melts at 113Â°F. Shipped both as a solid and in the molten state. Vapors, fumes and dusts strong irritate the eyes, skin and mucous membranes. Flash point 218Â°F. Autoignition temperature 890Â°F. Used to make paints and plastics and other chemicals. it is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride that is the cyclic anhydride of maleic acid. It has a role as an allergen. It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride and a member of furans. 
it has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Neoplasm, Ovary Cancer, Breast Cancer, Advanced Cancer, and Endometrial Cancer, among others. it is an agent targeting the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K) and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) in the PI3K/mTOR signaling pathway, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon intravenous administration, it inhibits both PI3K and mTOR kinases, which may result in apoptosis and growth inhibition of cancer cells overexpressing PI3K/mTOR. Activation of the PI3K/mTOR pathway promotes cell growth, survival, and resistance to chemotherapy and radiotherapy; mTOR, a serine/threonine kinase downstream of PI3K, may also be activated independent of PI3K. 
, also known as fema 2549 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a sweet, chamomile, and clean taste. 
it is an L-proline derivative produced by the diatomic algal genus of Pseudo-nitzschia and other related species that is L-proline substituted by a carboxymethyl group at position 3 and a 6-carboxyhepta-2,4-dien-2-yl group at position 4. It is an analogue of kainic acid and is the neurotoxin associated with amnesic shellfish poisoning (ASP). It has a role as a neurotoxin, a marine metabolite, a hapten and a neuromuscular agent. It is a pyrrolidinecarboxylic acid, a tricarboxylic acid, a L-proline derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is 2,3-dihydrogenistein with a hydroxy substituent at position 2. It derives from a genistein. It is a conjugate acid of a it-7-olate. 
it is a prostaglandins Falpha that is prosta-5,13-dien-1-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 9, 11 and 15. It is a naturally occurring prostaglandin used to induce labor. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a prostaglandins Falpha and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a synthetic analogue of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha. Prostaglandin F2 alpha stimulates myometrial activity, relaxes the cervix, inhibits corpus luteal steroidogenesis, and induces luteolysis by direct action on the corpus luteum. (NCI04) 
it is a morpholine derivative that is the (1R)-1-[3,5-bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]ethyl ether of (3-{[(2R,3S)-3-(4-fluorophenyl)-2-hydroxymorpholin-4-yl]methyl}-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)phosphonic acid. It has a role as an antiemetic, a neurokinin-1 receptor antagonist and a prodrug. It is a member of morpholines, a member of triazoles, a cyclic acetal, a phosphoramide and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of borate esters obtained by the formal condensation of three equivalents of ethanol with boric acid. It derives from an ethanol. 
1-(2-Furanyl)-1, 3-butanedione, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1, 3-butanedione is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-(2-furanyl)-1, 3-butanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is 4,4,8-trimethylandrosta-1,14-diene substituted by a oxo groups at positions 3 and 16, a hydroxy group at position 7 and a furan-3-yl group at position 17. It has been isolated from Azadirachta indica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a member of furans, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a limonoid. 
it is a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic structurally related to gentamicin and amikacin. it has activity similar to amikacin but with better activity against bacterial strains with resistance to other aminoglycosides, such as strains producing 6'-N-aminoglycoside acetyltransferase. it is not metabolized and is excreted via the kidneys. This agent exerts a long postantibiotic effect allowing for once daily dosing. 
it is a methylpyridine that coinsists of 2-methylp[yridine bearing an additional phenylethynyl group at position 6. Potent and highly selective non-competitive antagonist at the mGlu5 receptor subtype (IC50 = 36 nM) and a positive allosteric modulator at mGlu4 receptors. Centrally active following systemic administration in vivo. Reverses mechanical hyperalgesia in the inflamed rat hind paw. It has a role as a metabotropic glutamate receptor antagonist and an anxiolytic drug. It is a member of methylpyridines and an acetylenic compound. It is a conjugate base of a 2-methyl-6-(phenylethynyl)pyridinium(1+). It derives from a hydride of an acetylene. 
it is a it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a L-xylonic acid. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as 2-hydroxybenzoyl. It has a role as a uremic toxin and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a N-acylglycine and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a glycine. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a colorless oil. Non corrosive. Used as an insecticide. it is an organothiophosphate insecticide, an organic phosphonate, a phosphonic ester, a member of salicylates and an isopropyl ester. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from an isopropyl salicylate. 
Artesunate is a water-soluble, semi-synthetic derivative of the sesquiterpine lactone artemisinin with anti-malarial, anti-schistosomiasis, antiviral, and potential anti-neoplastic activities. Upon hydrolysis of artesunate's active endoperoxide bridge moiety by liberated heme in parasite-infected red blood cells, reactive oxygen species and carbon-centered radicals form, which have been shown to damage and kill parasitic organisms. Additionally, in vitro studies demonstrate that this agent induces DNA breakage in a dose-dependent manner. Artesunate has also been shown to stimulate cell differentiation, arrest the cell cycle in the G1 and G2/M phases, inhibit cell proliferation, and induce apoptosis through mitochondrial and caspase signaling pathways. Artemisinin is isolated from the plant Artemisia annua. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate consisting of adenosine 5'-monophosphate where one of the hydroxy groups of the phosphate has been condensed with propionic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate and a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-(3-hydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3-(3-hydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid. 
it is a diamino acid that is butyric acid in which a hydrogen at position 2 and a hydrogen at position 4 are replaced by amino groups. It is a diamino acid, a gamma-amino acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a butyric acid. 
2-Methyl-3-hydroxypropanoate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta hydroxy acids and derivatives. Beta hydroxy acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituted with a hydroxyl group on the C3 carbon atom. 2-Methyl-3-hydroxypropanoate is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
Dacomitinib is a highly selective, orally bioavailable small-molecule inhibitor of the HER family of tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. Dacomitinib specifically and irreversibly binds to and inhibits human Her-1, Her-2, and Her-4, resulting in the proliferation inhibition and apoptosis of tumor cells that overexpress these receptors. 
it is the sodium succinate salt of a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory effects. Methylprednisolone sodium succinate is converted into active prednisolone in the body, which activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. This includes inducing synthesis of anti-inflammatory protein IkappaB-alpha and inhibiting synthesis of nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB). As a result, proinflammatory cytokine production such as IL-1, IL-2 and IL-6 is down-regulated and cytotoxic T-lymphocyte activation is inhibited. Therefore, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions may be achieved. 
Light yellow crystalline powder with an aromatic odor. Used as an insecticide for cotton and an acaricide. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic phosphonate, a phosphonic ester and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. 
it is a resolvin that is docosa-4Z,9E,11E,13Z,15E,19Z-hexaenoic acid which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 7, 8, and 17 positions (the 7S,8R,17S-stereoisomer). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a triol, a resolvin and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Dimethylvinyl chloride is a clear dark yellow to pale orange liquid. (NTP, 1992) Dimethylvinyl Chloride is a clear, colorless, highly volatile and flammable liquid chlorinated hydrocarbon that emits highly toxic fumes of hydrochloric acid and other chlorinated compounds when heated to decomposition. Dimethylvinyl chloride is exclusively used for research purposes in organic synthesis and in the production of isobutylene compounds. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an organic cyclic compound that consists of cyclopentadiene bearing a methylene substituent. The parent of the class of its. 
it is a member of 2-pyranones, a carbobicyclic compound, a member of hexahydronaphthalenes, a polyketide and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an anticholesteremic drug, an antilipemic drug, an antiatherosclerotic agent, an antimicrobial agent and an EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor. 
it is an inorganic sodium salt having bromide as the counterion. It is a bromide salt and an inorganic sodium salt. 
it is a branched amino pentasaccharide consisting of the linear sequence beta-D-Gal-(1->3)-beta-D-GalNAc-(1->4)-beta-D-Gal-(1->4)-D-Glc having a Neu5Ac residue attached to the inner galactose via an alpha-(2->3) linkage. It is an amino pentasaccharide and a galactosamine oligosaccharide. 
ite is an organobromine compound that is dibenzodioxine carrying four bromo substituents at positions 2, 3, 7 and 8. It is a dibenzodioxine and an organobromine compound. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Psoriasis, Chronic GVHD, Pharmacokinetics, Plaque Psoriasis, and Multiple sclerosis, among others. it is an orally available sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 1 (S1PR1, S1P1) agonist that acts as a functional antagonist, with potential immunomodulating activity. Upon oral administration, it selectively binds to S1PR1 on lymphocytes and causes transient receptor activation followed by S1PR1 internalization and degradation. This results in the sequestration of lymphocytes in lymph nodes. By preventing egress of lymphocytes, it reduces both the amount of circulating peripheral lymphocytes and the infiltration of lymphocytes into target tissues. This prevents a lymphocyte-mediated immune response. S1PR1, a G-protein coupled receptor, plays a key role in lymphocyte migration from lymphoid tissues. 
it is the lactate salt form of squalamine, an aminosterol isolated from tissues of the dogfish shark Squalus acanthias. Possessing anti-angiogenic properties, squalamine inhibits the sodium-hydrogen exchanger NHE3, resulting in suppression of endothelial cell proliferation and migration. This agent also has broad-spectrum antimicrobial properties. (NCI04) 
2-(3,5-dimethoxyphenyl)-5,6,7,8-tetramethoxy-4H-1-benzopyran-4-one is a methoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7, 8, 3' and 5'. It derives from a flavone. 
A macrolide antibiotic, produced by Streptomyces erythreus. It is the lauryl sulfate salt of the propionic ester of erythromycin. This erythromycin salt acts primarily as a bacteriostatic agent. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding process inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. 
it is a member of the class of quinomethanes that is 3-methylidene-6-oxocyclohexa-1,4-diene-1-carboxylic acid in which the methylidene hydrogens are replaced by 4-carboxy-3-hydroxyphenyl groups. The trisodium salt is the biological stain 'chrome violet CG' while the triammonium salt is 'aluminon'. It has a role as a histological dye, an insulin-like growth factor receptor 1 antagonist and a fluorochrome. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid, a member of quinomethanes and a tricarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an aurintricarboxylate. 
it is the steroid sulfate of taurolithocholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a taurolithocholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
(R)-10-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid is a hydroxy fatty acid that is octadecanoic acid (stearic acid) in which the pro-R hydrogen has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-10-hydroxyoctadecanoate. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4, 2' and 4' and a prenyl group at position 3'. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a polyphenol and a member of chalcones. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
it is a diterpenoid that is 3,4,4a,5,6,7,8,8a-octahydronaphthalene-1-carboxylic acid substituted by methyl groups at positions 5, 6 and 8a and a 2-(2-oxotetrahydrofuran-3-yl)ethyl group at position 5 (the 4aR,5S,6R,8aR stereoisomer). It is isolated from the whole plant of Ballota limbata (Syn.Otostegia limbata) and acts as a lipoxygenase inhibitor. It has a role as a metabolite and a lipoxygenase inhibitor. It is a diterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, a gamma-lactone, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
it is a potent antimalarial agent. It is an erythrocytic schizonticide with potent in vitro antimalarial activity against multidrug-resistant Plasmodium falciparum lines, low cytotoxicity, potent in vivo efficacy against murine malaria, and favourable preclinical pharmacokinetics including a lengthy plasma elimination half-life. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-[(3-chloro-4-methoxybenzyl)amino]-2-[(2S)-2-(hydroxymethyl)pyrrolidin-1-yl]pyrimidine-5-carboxylic acid with the amino group of pyrimidin-2-ylmethylamine. Used for treatment of erectile dysfunction. It has a role as an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor and a vasodilator agent. It is a member of pyrimidines, an aromatic amide, an organochlorine compound, a member of prolinols and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is an orally available phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitor with vasodilatory activity. it selectively inhibits PDE5, thus inhibiting the degradation of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) found in the smooth muscle of the corpus cavernosa of the penis. The inhibition of cGMP degradation results in prolonged muscle relaxation, vasodilation, and blood engorgement of the corpus cavernosa, thereby prolonging penile erection. 
Lanreotide Acetate is the acetate salt of a synthetic cyclic octapeptide analogue of somatostatin. Lanreotide binds to somatostatin receptors (SSTR), specifically SSTR-2 and also to SSTR-5 with a lesser affinity. However, compare with octreotide, this agent is less potent in inhibiting the release of growth hormone from the pituitary gland. Furthermore, lanreotide has an acute effect on decreasing circulating total and free insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-I). This agent is usually given as a prolonged-release microparticle or Autogel formulation for the treatment of acromegaly and to relieve the symptoms of neuroendocrine tumors. 
it is a cyclohexenecarboxylate that is the conjugate base of shikimic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a cyclohexenecarboxylate and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a shikimic acid. 
it is a primary nitroalkane that is heptane substituted by a nitro group at position 1. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a heptane. 
Zingiberene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Zingiberene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, zingiberene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Zingiberene is a fresh, sharp, and spice tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as cloves, ginger, rosemary, and pepper (spice). This makes zingiberene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is dianion of propanoyl phosphate arising from deprotonation of both OH groups of the phosphate. It is a conjugate base of a propanoyl phosphate. 
it is a phosphoethanolamine consisting of ethanolamine having a cytidine 5'-diphosphate moiety attached to the oxygen. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a member of nucleotide-(amino alcohol)s and a phosphoethanolamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a white crystalline solid with no odor and a slightly bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of barbiturates that is pyrimidine-2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-trione substituted by a 3-methylbutyl and an ethyl group at position 5. it has been shown to exhibit sedative and hypnotic properties. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 5. It has a role as an indicator. It is a naphthalenesulfonic acid and a member of naphthalenediols. 
it is the parent member of the class of its that is flavanone which is substituted by a methoxy group at the 4'-position. 
it is an imidazoquinoline that is 3-methyl-2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-imidazo[4,5-c]quinoline substituted at position 1 by a 4-(1-cyanoisopropyl)phenyl group and at position 8 by a quinolin-3-yl group. A dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor used in cancer treatment. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor, a mTOR inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an imidazoquinoline, a nitrile, a member of quinolines, a ring assembly and a member of ureas. it is an orally bioavailable imidazoquinoline targeting the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K) and the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits PI3K kinase and mTOR kinase in the PI3K/AKT/mTOR kinase signaling pathway, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis and growth inhibition in PI3K/mTOR-overexpressing tumor cells. Activation of the PI3K/mTOR pathway promotes cell growth, survival, and resistance to chemotherapy and radiotherapy; mTOR, a serine/threonine kinase downstream of PI3K, may also be activated independent of PI3K. 
it is a steroid ester that is pregn-4-en-21-yl acetate substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 20, hydroxy groups at positions 11 and 17 and a fluoro group at position 6. It is a fluorinated steroid, a steroid ester, an acetate ester, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 20-oxo steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is an aromatic ether that is aniline in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by an ethoxy group. It is a hydrolysis metabolite of phenacetin. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a substituted aniline, an aromatic ether and a primary amino compound. 
it is an arenesulfonate that is the conjugate base of 4-formylbenzenesulfonic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the sulfonic acid group. It is a conjugate base of a 4-formylbenzenesulfonic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isogermafurene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, isogermafurene can be found in herbs and spices. This makes isogermafurene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the ditosylate salt of lapatinib, a synthetic, orally-active quinazoline with potential antineoplastic activity. Lapatinib reversibly blocks phosphorylation of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), ErbB2, and the Erk-1 and-2 and AKT kinases; it also inhibits cyclin D protein levels in human tumor cell lines and xenografts. EGFR and ErbB2 have been implicated in the growth of various tumor types. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (S)-ite is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (S)-ite can be found in fats and oils, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes (S)-ite a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a silvery-white liquid at room temperature. Ingestion of this material may be toxic. It is corrosive to aluminum. If exposed to high temperatures, gallium may emit toxic fumes which may form a corrosive alkaline solution with water. It is soluble in most acids and alkalis. It is used as a semiconductor material. it atom is a metallic element predicted as eka-aluminium by Mendeleev in 1870 and discovered by Paul-Emile Lecoq de Boisbaudran in 1875. Named in honour of France (Latin itllia) and perhaps also from the Latin gallus cock, a translation of Lecoq. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 31, and atomic weight 69.7. A rare silvery (usually trivalent) metallic element; brittle at low temperatures but liquid above room temperature; occurs in trace amounts in bauxite and zinc ores. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01971554 (Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacodynamics, and Pharmacokinetics of it in Participants With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (it-003)). 
it is an organic disulfide obtgained by oxidative dimerisation of cysteamine. It has a role as an EC 2.3.2.13 (protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitor. It is an organic disulfide and a primary amino compound. It derives from a cysteamine. 
A pharmaceutical preparation of budesonide and formoterol fumarate that is used as an ANTI-ASTHMATIC AGENT and for the treatment of CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE. 
Cadinene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Cadinene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, cadinene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, cadinene can be found in a number of food items such as caraway, sweet marjoram, peppermint, and lemon. This makes cadinene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
An antiprotozoal agent produced by Streptomyces cinnamonensis. It exerts its effect during the development of first-generation trophozoites into first-generation schizonts within the intestinal epithelial cells. It does not interfere with hosts' development of acquired immunity to the majority of coccidial species. Monensin is a sodium and proton selective ionophore and is widely used as such in biochemical studies. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles carrying dimethylsulfamyl, cyano, chloro and 4-tolyl substituents at positions 1, 2, 4 and 5 respectively. A fungicide used mainly for controlling Oomycete and Plasmodiophora diseases on potatoes and tomatoes. It is a skin and eye irritant and is moderately toxic to birds, most aquatic organisms, honeybees and earthworms. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of imidazoles, an organochlorine compound, a nitrile, a member of sulfamides, a sulfonamide fungicide and an imidazole fungicide. 
An ester formed between the aldehydic carbon of RIBOSE and the terminal phosphate of ADENOSINE DIPHOSPHATE. It is produced by the hydrolysis of nicotinamide-adenine dinucleotide (NAD) by a variety of enzymes, some of which transfer an ADP-ribosyl group to target proteins. 
it is a semisynthetic vinca alkaloid. it binds to tubulin and prevents formation of the mitotic spindle, resulting in the arrest of tumor cell growth in metaphase. This agent may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP. and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. 
it is a palmitate ester resulting from the formal condensation of palmitic acid with dodecan-1-ol. It is A wax ester synthesised by retinal pigment epithelial membranes. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a wax ester and a hexadecanoate ester. It derives from a dodecan-1-ol. 
Alpha-D-Glcp-(1->4)-alpha-D-Glcp-(1->4)-D-Glcp is a maltotriose trisaccharide in which the glucose residue at the reducing end is in the pyranose form. It is a maltotriose trisaccharide and a glucotriose. 
it, also known as hypargenin C, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a catecholamine. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and a cardiotonic drug. it is a synthetic catecholamine with positive chronotropic and inotropic properties, used in echocardiography and diagnostic coronary angiography. it binds to and activates beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the myocardium, thereby increasing heart rate and increasing force of myocardial contraction. By exerting a chronotropic and inotropic effect, it mimics the cardiac stress caused by exercise that may prevent adequate tissue perfusion and oxygenation, and may provoke myocardial ischemia in patients with coronary artery disease. 
1, 9-Nonanedithiol, also known as 1, 9-dimercaptononane or fema 3513, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 1, 9-Nonanedithiol exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1, 9-nonanedithiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 9-Nonanedithiol has a meaty, savory, and sulfur taste. 
it appears as a white solid with a sharp chlorobenzene odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Melting point 63-64Â°C (145-147Â°F). it is a it carrying chloro substituents at positions 1, 2 and 3. 
it is a brassinosteroid that is ergostan-6-one bearing three additional hydroxy substituents at positions 3alpha, 22R and 23R. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 3alpha-sterol, a 6-oxo steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 23-hydroxy steroid and a brassinosteroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-campestane. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of GERD, Reflux, Heartburn, Regurgitation, and Reflux Disease, among others. 
it is the conjugate base of (R)-3-hydroxybutyric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-3-hydroxybutyric acid. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-3-hydroxybutyrate. 
NADP zwitterion is a NADP. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a NADP(+). 
it is the disodium salt of clodronic acid. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification, and is used (generally as the tetrahydrate) as an adjunct in the treatment of severe hypercalcaemia associated with malignancy, and in the management of osteolytic lesions and bone pain associated with skeletal metastases. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent. It is an organic sodium salt and a one-carbon compound. It contains a clondronate(2-). it is the disodium salt of a nitrogen-free bisphosphonate analog of naturally occurring pyrophosphate. Clodronate binds to calcium and inhibits osteoclastic bone resorption and hydroxyapatite crystal formation and dissolution, resulting in a reduction of bone turnover. This agent may control malignancy-associated hypercalcemia, inhibit osteolytic bone metastasis and decrease pain. 
it is a kappa-opioid receptor agonist with edema relieving activity. it inhibits the scretion of the antiduretic hormone vasopressin thereby causing a diuretic effect. 
it is a cycloalkene consisting of cyclopentene having a methyl group at the 1-position and gem-dimethyl groups at the 5-position. It derives from a hydride of a cyclopentene. 
it is a metal cation comprising samarium in the +3 oxidation state. It is a metal cation and a samarium molecular entity. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-alanine and L-proline joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine and a L-proline. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
itppears as light to dark brown fragrant liquid. May float or sink in water. Freezing point is 54Â°F. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a formyltetrahydrofolic acid in which the formyl group is located at position 5. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-formyltetrahydrofolate(2-). it is a derivative of folic acid with chemoprotectant, antidote and synergistic activity. it does not require metabolism by dihydrofolate reductase, the molecular target of folate antagonist-type chemotherapeutic drugs, and is converted to a tetrahydrofolate, which is the necessary folate for purine and pyrimidine synthesis. As this agent allows for some purine/pyrimidine synthesis to occur, the toxic effects of folic acid antagonist-type chemotherapeutic drugs are counteracted while still permitting the antitumor activity of the folic acid antagonist through dihydrofolate reductase inhibition. This agent also potentiates the effects of 5-fluorouracil and its derivatives by stabilizing the binding of 5-fluorouracil's converted form fluorodeoxyuridylic acid to its target enzyme thymidylate synthase, thus prolonging drug activity. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it, also known as (+-)-it or DL-norcitine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidinylpyridines. Pyrrolidinylpyridines are compounds containing a pyrrolidinylpyridine ring system, which consists of a pyrrolidine ring linked to a pyridine ring. it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, it is involved in the nicotine action pathway and the nicotine metabolism pathway. 
it is the trisodium salt form of calcium diethylene triamine pentaacetate (Ca-DTPA or pentetate calcium) with chelating activity. Upon administration, Ca-DTPA loses the Ca ion to form stable chelates with metal ions because DTPA has a higher affinity for heavy metal ions than for Ca ions. Specifically, this agent is able to bind to and form strong complexes with radioactive plutonium, americium, and cerium after internal contamination with any of these radionuclides thereby increasing their excretion. 
it is a type A lantibiotic that is a tetracyclic 21-amino-acid peptide which contains meso-lanthionine, 3-methyllanthionine, and S-(2-aminovinyl)-D-cysteine. It is obtained from Staphylococcus epidermidis Tue 3298 and exhibits antibiotic activity against many Gram-positive bacteria. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a type A lantibiotic and a macrocycle. 
it is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols that is benzyl alcohol bearing a phenoxy substituent at C-3. It is a metbaolite of the insecticide permethrin. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of benzyl alcohols and an aromatic ether. 
it is a member of the class tetralins that is 1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalene which is substituted at position 6 by a hydroxy group. 
Nogalamycin is an anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces nogalater. Nogalamycin intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase I, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
A pyrimidine nucleoside analog that is used mainly in the treatment of leukemia, especially acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia. Cytarabine is an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent that inhibits the synthesis of DNA. Its actions are specific for the S phase of the cell cycle. It also has antiviral and immunosuppressant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p472) 
N6-beta-Aspartyllysine, also known as asp-lys or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hybrid peptides. Hybrid peptides are compounds containing at least two different types of amino acids (alpha, beta, gamma, delta) linked to each other through a peptide bond. N6-beta-Aspartyllysine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Ibogamine is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C19H24N2. It is isolated from the flowering plant genus, Tabernaemontana and exhibits anti-addictive properties. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite and a oneirogen. It is an indole alkaloid fundamental parent, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of an ibogamine(1+). 
it is an ellipticine derivative and topoisomerase II inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. it intercalates with DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II during DNA replication. In addition, this agent appears to induce cell cycle arrest at G2/M phase and apoptosis mediated through the Fas/Fas ligand death receptor and the mitochondrial pathway. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is (16alpha)-curan substituted by a hydroxy group at position 17. It has a role as an antiplasmodial drug and a metabolite. It is an indole alkaloid, a primary alcohol and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 
An analog of benzilylcholine mustard. It is an alkylating nitrogen mustard analog that binds specifically and irreversibly to cholinergic muscarinic receptors and is used as an affinity label to isolate and study the receptors. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound comprising (2aS,5aR,8aR,8bS)-8a-hydroxy-2a,5a-dimethyldecahydro-8H-naphtho[1,8-bc]furan-8-one ortho-fused to C-6 and C-7 of 1,4-naphthoquinone. An antiplasmodial drug isolated from New Caledonian deep water sponge. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a cyclic hemiketal and a member of p-quinones. It derives from a 1,4-naphthoquinone. 
Scopolamine hydrobromide appears as colorless crystals or white powder or solid. Has no odor. pH (of 5% solution): 4-5.5. Slightly efflorescent in dry air. Bitter, acrid taste. (NTP, 1992) Scopolamine is a tropane alkaloid that is the (S)-tropic acid ester of 6beta,7beta-epoxy-1alphaH,5alphaH-tropan-3alpha-ol. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antiemetic, an adjuvant, a mydriatic agent, an antispasmodic drug, an anaesthesia adjuvant, an antidepressant and a metabolite. It is a propanoate ester, an epoxide, a tertiary amino compound and a tropane alkaloid. It derives from a (S)-tropic acid. It is a conjugate base of a scopolamine(1+). Scopolamine is a tropane alkaloid derived from plants of the nightshade family (Solanaceae), specifically Hyoscyamus niger and Atropa belladonna, with anticholinergic, antiemetic and antivertigo properties. Structurally similar to acetylcholine, scopolamine antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors located on structures innervated by postganglionic cholinergic nerves as well as on smooth muscles that respond to acetylcholine but lack cholinergic innervation. The agent is used to cause mydriasis, cycloplegia, to control the secretion of saliva and gastric acid, to slow gut motility, and prevent vomiting. 
it is a dimethoxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and hydroxy groups at positions 6 and 4'. It is a dimethoxyflavanone, a dihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a flavanone. 
it appears as a transparent, colorless liquid, with a sweet, ether-like odor. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. 
A group of antibiotic aminoglycosides differing only in the number of repeating residues in the peptide side chain. They are produced by Streptomyces and Actinomyces and may have broad spectrum antimicrobial and some antiviral properties. 
it appears as white crystals with a fishlike odor. Used as a plant growth regulator. Said to be effective for cereal grains, tomatoes, and peppers. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic chloride salt comprising equal numbers of chlormequat and chloride ions. A gibberellin biosynthesis inhibitor, it is used as a plant growth retardant to produce plants with sturdier, thicker stalks, facilitating the havesting of ornamental flowers and cereal crops. It has a role as a plant growth retardant and an agrochemical. It is an organic chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a chlormequat. 
it is a crystalline solid. Used as a plasticizer, as a rubber accelerator, and as an intermediate in manufacturing of pesticides. (EPA, 1998) 
Arbaclofen Placerbil is a prodrug of Arbaclofen, which is a selective gamma-amino-butyric acid type B receptor agonist and the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It was discovered, and has been patented by XenoPort as a new chemical entity with an improved pharmacokinetic profile compared to baclofen, which allows for sustained release properties.   Arbaclofen Placerbil was believed to have therapeutic potential in treating gastroesophogeal reflux disease (GERD) and plasticity; however due to discouraging clinical trial results, the drug was abandoned by XenoPort in 2011 for the treatment of GERD. On May 20th, 2013, XenoPort announced plans to terminate the development of Arbaclofen Placerbil for the treatment of multiple sclerosis. 
it is an organic sodium salt which is the monosodium salt of formic acid. It has a role as a buffer and an astringent. It contains a formate. 
it is a benzimidazolecarboxylic acid that is benzimidazole-7-carboxylic acid substituted at position 2 by a methoxy group and at position 1 by a 2'-[(5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)biphenyl-4-yl]methyl group. Used (as the prodrug, it medoxomil) for treatment of hypertension. It has a role as an angiotensin receptor antagonist and an antihypertensive agent. It is a benzimidazolecarboxylic acid, a 1,2,4-oxadiazole and an aromatic ether. 
it is a bromoamino acid that is L-tyrosine carrying bromo- substituents at positions C-3 and C-5 of the benzyl group. It has a role as an antithyroid drug and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a dihalogenated L-tyrosine, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a bromoamino acid. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the mixture of equimolar amounts of metronidazole and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent, an antiparasitic agent, an antitrichomonal drug and a prodrug. It contains a metronidazole(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of a synthetic nitroimidazole derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activities. Although its mechanism of action is not fully elucidated, un-ionized metronidazole is readily taken up by obligate anaerobic organisms and is subsequently reduced by low-redox potential electron-transport proteins to an active, intermediate product. Reduced metronidazole causes DNA strand breaks, thereby inhibiting DNA synthesis and bacterial cell growth. 
it is a dolichol phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a thiosemicarbazone with activity against poxviruses. it inhibits the synthesis of structural viral proteins and interrupts full assembly of mature virus. 
it is a stable, non-radioactive isotopic form of water, containing 2 atoms of deuterium (D) and one atom of oxygen (2D2O), with DNA-labeling activity. Upon ingestion of it, 2H is incorporated into the deoxyribose moiety of DNA of newly divided cells. Rapidly dividing cells, as in the case of B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia (B-CLL), can be labeled with it and measured using gas chromatography and/or mass spectrometry. 
it is a C21-steroid that is pregnane substituted by an oxo group at position 20 and a hydroxy group at position 3. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-hydroxy steroid and a C21-steroid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
13,14-dihydro-15-oxo-prostaglandin E2 is the 13,14-dihydro derivative of 15-oxo-prostaglandin E2. It derives from a prostaglandin E2. It is a conjugate acid of a 13,14-dihydro-15-oxo-prostaglandin E2(1-). 
it is the sodium salt of valproic acid. It contains a valproate. it is the sodium salt form of valproic acid with anti-epileptic activity. it is converted into its active form, valproate ion, in blood. Although the mechanism of action remains to be elucidated, valproate sodium increases concentrations of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in the brain, probably due to inhibition of the enzymes responsible for the catabolism of GABA. This potentiates the synaptic actions of GABA. it may also affect potassium channels, thereby creating a direct membrane-stabilizing effect. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid and cyclic ketone that is (1E,4E,8E)-alpha-humulene which is substituted by an oxo group at the carbon atom attached to two double bonds. It is obtained by steam distillation from a type of edible ginger, Zingiber zerumbet Smith, grown particularly in southeast Asia. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, a plant metabolite and a glioma-associated oncogene inhibitor. It is a sesquiterpenoid and a cyclic ketone. It derives from a hydride of an alpha-humulene. 
it is a maleate salt obtained by combining afatinib with two molar equivalents of maleic acid. Used for the first-line treatment of patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It contains an afatinib. it is the dimaleate salt form of afatinib, an orally bioavailable anilino-quinazoline derivative and inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) epidermal growth factor receptor (ErbB; EGFR) family, with antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, afatinib selectively and irreversibly binds to and inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptors 1 (ErbB1; EGFR), 2 (ErbB2; HER2), and 4 (ErbB4; HER4), and certain EGFR mutants, including those caused by EGFR exon 19 deletion mutations or exon 21 (L858R) mutations. This may result in the inhibition of tumor growth and angiogenesis in tumor cells overexpressing these RTKs. Additionally, afatinib inhibits the EGFR T790M gatekeeper mutation which is resistant to treatment with first-generation EGFR inhibitors. EGFR, HER2 and HER4 are RTKs that belong to the EGFR superfamily; they play major roles in both tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization and are overexpressed in many cancer cell types. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of tolmetin, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a tolmetin. 
it is a colorless, fuming liquid with a pungent odor. It is decomposed by water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue in the presence of moisture. It is used in smoke screens, to make various silicon containing chemicals, and in chemical analysis. 
it is a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone that is ethane in which one of the carbons is substituted by two 3-hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinon-2-yl groups. It has a role as an EC 1.3.1.22 [3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitor, an antipruritic drug, a metabolite and a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is the bisbenzenesulfonate salt of atracurium. It has a role as a nicotinic antagonist and a muscle relaxant. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains an atracurium. it is a synthetic dibenzensulfonate derivative muscle relaxant, it acts as a non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent, with short to intermediary duration of action and no significant cardiovascular effects. Not dependent on kidney function for elimination, it provides clinical advantages over other non-depolarizing, neuromuscular blocking agents. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1,3-dimethylpyrazole which is substituted at positions 4 and 5 by 2,4-dichlorobenzoyl and 2-oxo-2-phenylethoxy groups, respectively. A pro-herbicide (for the corresponding 5-hydroxypyrazole), it is used as a pre- or post-emergence herbicide for the control of annual and perennial weeds in rice. It has a role as a proherbicide, an agrochemical and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a member of acetophenones, a member of pyrazoles and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is an aromatic amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of 4-aminobenzoic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an aromatic amino-acid anion and an aminobenzoate. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-aminobenzoic acid. 
A polyester used for absorbable sutures and surgical mesh, especially in ophthalmic surgery. 2-Hydroxy-propanoic acid polymer with polymerized hydroxyacetic acid, which forms 3,6-dimethyl-1,4-dioxane-dione polymer with 1,4-dioxane-2,5-dione copolymer of molecular weight about 80,000 daltons. 
Quinidine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of quinidine, an alkaloid with antimalarial and antiarrhythmic (Class la) properties. Quinidine sulfate exerts its anti-malarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the hemepolymer (hemozoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. Quinidine sulfate exerts its antiarrhythmic effects by depressing the flow of sodium ions into cells during phase 0 of the cardiac action potential, thereby slowing the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node, reducing the rate of phase 0 depolarization and prolonging the refractory period. Quinidine sulfate also reduces the slope of phase 4 depolarization in Purkinje-fibres resulting in slowed conduction and reduced automaticity in the heart. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an aralkylamine that is Nbenzylacetamidine substituted at position 3 on the benzene ring by an aminomethyl group. An inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a carboxamidine, an aralkylamine and a primary amino compound. 
it is a second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with {[1-(carboxymethyl)-1H-tetrazol-5-yl]sulfanyl}methyl and 2-(aminomethyl)phenylacetamido groups at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. It is effective against many coliforms, including Escherichia coli, Klebsiella, Enterobacter and Proteus, and most strains of Salmonella, Shigella, Hemophilus, Citrobacter and Arizona species. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. it is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactam, second-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it causes inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis by inactivating penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of the cell wall. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
Ticarcillin Disodium is the disodium salt form of ticarcillin, a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. Similar to carbenicillin in action, ticarcillin inactivates the penicillin-sensitive transpeptidase C-terminal domain by opening the lactam ring. This inactivation prevents the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan strands, thereby inhibiting the third and last stage of bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to incomplete bacterial cell wall synthesis and eventually causes cell lysis. 
it is a synthetic, amber oil that is slightly soluble in water and soluble in most organic solvents. it products are no longer used in the United States. Therefore, the potential for human exposure is low. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of hydrochloric acid, nitrogen, and sulfur oxides. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is the trihydrate form of docetaxel. It is used for the treatment of breast, ovarian, and non-small cell lung cancer, and with prednisone or prednisolone in hormone-refractory metastatic prostate cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a hydrate and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It contains a member of docetaxel anhydrous. Docetaxel is a semi-synthetic, second-generation taxane derived from a compound found in the European yew tree, Taxus baccata. Docetaxel displays potent and broad antineoplastic properties; it binds to and stabilizes tubulin, thereby inhibiting microtubule disassembly which results in cell- cycle arrest at the G2/M phase and cell death. This agent also inhibits pro-angiogenic factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and displays immunomodulatory and pro-inflammatory properties by inducing various mediators of the inflammatory response. Docetaxel has been studied for use as a radiation-sensitizing agent. (NCI04) 
it is a fatty acid ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of octanoic acid with ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a fatty acid ethyl ester and an octanoate ester. 
it is an N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of glycyl-L-phenylalanine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide and a dipeptide. 
it is an androstanoid that is (5alpha)-androst-1-en-17beta-yl propanoate substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It is a steroid ester, a 3-oxo-Delta(1) steroid and an androstanoid. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-(2,4-dichlorophenoxy)propanoic acid with the amino group of 2-amino-2,3-dimethylbutanenitrile. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a dichlorobenzene, a nitrile and an aromatic ether. 
it is an enamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2E,4E)-hexa-2,4-dienoic acid with the secondary amino group of (2S,5R)-1,2,5-trimethylpiperazine. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a N-acylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, an enamide, an alkaloid and a tertiary carboxamide. It derives from a (2E,4E)-hexa-2,4-dienoic acid. 
it appears as white crystals or white powder. Melting point 159-161Â°C .Used therapeutically as an anticholinergic. it is the bromide salt form of propantheline, a quaternary ammonium compound structurally related to belladonna alkaloids. it competitively antagonizes acetylcholine activity mediated by muscarinic receptors at neuroeffector sites on smooth muscle and exocrine gland cells. An aspartic acid residue present in the N-terminal portion of the third trans-membrane helix of the muscarinic receptor is believed to form an ionic bond with the tertiary or quaternary nitrogen of the antagonist. Antagonism leads to a reduction of exocrine glands secretions and to relax bronchial muscle and reduce tone and motility of intestinal smooth muscle. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organoheterocyclic compounds. Organoheterocyclic compounds are compounds containing a ring with least one carbon atom and one non-carbon atom. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydrochloride form of labetalol, a third generation selective alpha-1-adrenergic antagonist and non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with vasodilatory and antihypertensive properties. Labetalol competitively binds to alpha-1-adrenergic receptors in vascular smooth muscle, thereby inhibiting the adrenergic stimulation of endothelial cell function and vasoconstriction in peripheral blood vessels. This agent also binds to beta-receptors in the bronchial and vascular smooth muscle, resulting in a decrease in adrenergic stimulation. The result is a decrease in resting and exercise heart rates, cardiac output, and in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, thereby resulting in vasodilation, and negative chronotropic and inotropic cardiac effects. 
it appears as a yellow oily liquid with an offensive odor. Insoluble in water. Density 1.72 g / cm3. Hence sinks in water. Nonflammable but supports combustion. Very toxic by inhalation or skin absorption. 
it is a member of pyrazines. It has a role as a member of oxidized luciferins. It derives from an Oplophorus luciferin. 
it is a pyrazolopyridine that is 7-oxo-4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-c]pyridine-3-carboxamide substituted at position 1 by a 4-methoxyphenyl group and at position 6 by a 4-(2-oxopiperidin-1-yl)phenyl group. It is used for the prevention and treatment of thromboembolic diseases. It has a role as an anticoagulant and an EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor. It is a pyrazolopyridine, a member of piperidones, a lactam and an aromatic ether. it is an orally active inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa with anticoagulant activity. it directly inhibits factor Xa, thereby interfering with the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin and preventing formation of cross-linked fibrin clots. 
it is a piperazine-based CCR5 receptor antagonist with activity against human immunodeficiency virus. it is designed to bind to CCR5 and inhibit the entry of HIV into CD4 cells. 
it is a cephalosporin bearing (1-methylpyrrolidinium-1-yl)methyl and (2Z)-2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetamido groups at positions 3 and 7, respectively, of the cephem skeleton. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin and an oxime O-ether. It is a conjugate base of a cefepime(1+). it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a substituted aniline that is benzamide in which one of the meta- hydrogens is replaced by an amino group. It has a role as an EC 2.4.2.30 (NAD(+) ADP-ribosyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzamides and a substituted aniline. 
it is a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid that is 5beta-cholestane substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it is a p-menthane monoterpenoid that is cyclohexan-1-one substituted by a methyl group at position 5 and a propan-2-ylidene group at position 2. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a p-menthane monoterpenoid and an enone. 
it is a methyl benzene that is 1,3-dimethylbenzene which is substituted by a 5,6-dihydro-4H-1,3-thiazin-2-ylnitrilo group at position 2. It is an alpha2 adrenergic receptor agonist and frequently used in veterinary medicine as an emetic and sedative with analgesic and muscle relaxant properties. It has a role as an emetic, an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a sedative, a muscle relaxant and an analgesic. It is a methylbenzene, a 1,3-thiazine and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a steroid lactone and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It has a role as a contraceptive drug, an aldosterone antagonist and a progestin. it is a synthetic spironolactone analogue and progestin with progestational and anti-mineralocorticoid activity. it binds to the progesterone receptor, the resulting complex becomes activated and binds to specific sites on DNA. This results in a suppression of LH activity and an inhibition of ovulation as well as an alteration in the cervical mucus and endometrium. This leads to an increased difficulty of sperm entry into the uterus and implantation. This drug is used in oral contraceptives. 
A bacteriostatic antibiotic macrolide produced by Streptomyces erythreus. Erythromycin A is considered its major active component. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding process inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. 
it is the hyclate salt form of doxycycline, a synthetic, broad-spectrum tetracycline antibiotic exhibiting antimicrobial activity. it binds reversibly to the 30S ribosomal subunit, possibly to the 50S ribosomal subunit as well, thereby blocking the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex. This leads to an inhibition of protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. 
Compounds based on a 7-membered heterocyclic ring including an oxygen. They can be considered a medium ring ether. A natural source is the MONTANOA plant genus. Some dibenzo-diit, called depsidones, are found in GARCINIA plants. 
it is a sulfonamide and a thienothiazine. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug and an EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor. it is a sulfonamide and carbonic anhydrase inhibitor with specific affinity for carbonic anhydrase II. Following topical ocular administration, it inhibits carbonic anhydrase II, an enzyme that is responsible for the movement of sodium and fluid transport in the eye. This inhibition leads to a decrease in aqueous humor secretion, probably by slowing the formation of bicarbonate ions, and results in a reduction in intraocular pressure. it is used to treat increased pressure in the eye caused by open-angle glaucoma. 
it is a 2,6-diaminopimelic acid in which both chiral centres have S configuration. It is a component of bacterial cell wall. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a LL-2,6-diaminopimelate(2-). It is a tautomer of a (2S,6S)-2,6-diaminopimelic acid dizwitterion. 
Pantothenic acid is a member of the class of pantothenic acids that is an amide formed from pantoic acid and beta-alanine. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a pantothenate. 
it, also known as it or opium acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranones and derivatives. Pyranones and derivatives are compounds containing a pyran ring which bears a ketone. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, poppy acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Alphit, also known as Î±-selinene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton. Alphit is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, Alphit is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, Alphit can be found in a number of food items such as guava, wild celery, rosemary, and ginger. This makes Alphit a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Vinblastine derivative with antineoplastic activity against CANCER. Major side effects are myelosuppression and neurotoxicity. ite is used extensively in chemotherapy protocols (ANTINEOPLASTIC COMBINED CHEMOTHERAPY PROTOCOLS). 
it is a carotenol isolated from the white tuna, or albacore tuna (Thunnus albacares). It has a role as a marine metabolite and an animal metabolite. 
it, also known as fema 3075 or paracresyl isobutyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an animal, floral, and fruity taste. 
it is a 3',5'-cyclic pyrimidine nucleotide having cytosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
C. i. it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthrenes and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthrene moiety, which is a tricyclic aromatic compound with three non-linearly fused benzene. C. i. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, c. i. it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of indoles that is 2-methyltryptamine in which a hydrogen attached to the primary amino group has been replaced by a 2-fluorobenzoyl group. It is a cell-permeable inhibitor of actin assembly mediated by actin-related protein Arp2/3 complex which works by binding to Arp2/3 complex, stabilising the inactive state of the complex and preventing its movement into the active conformation. It is a member of indoles, an organofluorine compound and a member of benzamides. 
A pancreatic beta-cell hormone that is co-secreted with INSULIN. It displays an anorectic effect on nutrient metabolism by inhibiting gastric acid secretion, gastric emptying and postprandial GLUCAGON secretion. it can fold into AMYLOID FIBRILS that have been found as a major constituent of pancreatic AMYLOID DEPOSITS. 
it is a pyridinemonocarboxylate that is the conjugate base of nicotinic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a nicotinic acid. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is an aspartate family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, an it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it. it is a non-essential amino acid in humans, it has an overall negative charge and plays an important role in the synthesis of other amino acids and in the citric acid and urea cycles. Asparagine, arginine, lysine, methionine, isoleucine, and some nucleotides are synthesized from it. it also serves as a neurotransmitter. (NCI04) 
it A is a spiroketal, monensin A is the major component of monensin, a mixture of antibiotic substances produced by Streptomyces cinnamonensis. An antiprotozoal, it is used as the sodium salt as a feed additive for the prevention of coccidiosis in poultry and as a growth promoter in cattle. It has a role as a coccidiostat, an antifungal agent and an ionophore. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a cyclic hemiketal, a spiroketal and a polyether antibiotic. 
it is a member of the class of psoralens that is (-)-marmesin in which the hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a P450 inhibitor and an antioxidant. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a member of psoralens and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a nodakenetin. 
it is the acetate salt form of ganirelix, a synthetic decapeptide with high antagonistic activity against naturally occurring gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). Ganirelix directly competes with the GnRH for receptor binding in the anterior pituitary gland, thus induces a rapid and reversible suppression of the release of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH). This agent is used for the inhibition of premature LH surges in women undergoing controlled ovarian hyperstimulation, and in combination with other hormones for retrieval of the mature follicles for in-vitro fertilization. 
it is a member of isoquinolines and a N-sulfonylpiperazine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor. 
Ethyl 3-mercaptopropanoic acid, also known as it or fema 3677, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). Ethyl 3-mercaptopropanoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ethyl 3-mercaptopropanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Ethyl 3-mercaptopropanoic acid has a meaty and skunk taste. 
3-Methyl-2, 4-nonanedione, also known as 3-octylpentane-2, 4-dione, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. 3-Methyl-2, 4-nonanedione is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Methyl-2, 4-nonanedione is a burnt, caramel, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in fats and oils and tea. This makes 3-methyl-2, 4-nonanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
(5Z,8Z,14Z)-11,12-dihydroxyicosatrienoic acid is a DHET obtained by formal dihydroxylation across the 11,12-double bond of arachidonic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (5Z,8Z,14Z)-11,12-dihydroxyicosatrienoate. 
2-amino-Delta(2)-thiazoline-4-carboxylic acid is a 1,3-thiazole that is 4,5-dihydro-1,3-thiazole which is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by an amino and a carboxy group, respectively. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles and a sulfur-containing amino acid. It is a tautomer of a 2-amino-Delta(2)-thiazoline-4-carboxylic acid zwitterion. 
it is a quadruply-charged nucleotide-sugar oxoanion obtained via deprotonation of the phosphate and diphosphate OH groups of UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine 3-phosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an UDP-N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosamine 3-phosphate. 
1, 4-Dideoxy-1, 4-imino-D-ribitol, also known as 2-hydroxymethyl-pyrrolidine-3, 4-diol or drib, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolidines. Pyrrolidines are compounds containing a pyrrolidine ring, which is a five-membered saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one nitrogen atom and four carbon atoms. 1, 4-Dideoxy-1, 4-imino-D-ribitol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1, 4-dideoxy-1, 4-imino-D-ribitol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1, 4-dideoxy-1, 4-imino-D-ribitol can be found in fruits and wax apple. This makes 1, 4-dideoxy-1, 4-imino-D-ribitol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a benzochromenone that is 6H-benzo[c]chromen-6-one which is substituted by a methyl group at position 1 and by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 7, and 9. It is the most important mycotoxin produced by the black mould Alternaria species, which are the most common mycoflora infecting small grain cereals worldwide. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a mycotoxin. It is a benzochromenone and a member of phenols. 
it is a white to slightly yellowish powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a chlorobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid in which the ring hydrogens at positions 2 and 4 are substituted by chloro groups. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a dichlorobenzene and a chlorobenzoic acid. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,4-dichlorobenzoate. 
it appears as odorless white crystals. Used as a dietary supplement and food additive. (EPA, 1998) it is a vitamin D supplement and has been isolated from alfalfa. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a bone density conservation agent, a rodenticide and a plant metabolite. It is a seco-ergostane, a hydroxy seco-steroid and a vitamin D. it, a fat-soluble vitamin important for many biochemical processes including the absorption and metabolism of calcium and phosphorus. In vivo, it is formed after sun (ultraviolet) irradiation of plant-derived ergosterol, another form of vitamin D. it is the form of vitamin D usually found in vitamin supplements. (NCI04) 
An ionic monomeric contrast medium that was formerly used for a variety of diagnostic procedures. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p706) 
(2S,3R)-dihydrodehydrodiconiferyl alcohol is a member of 1-benzofurans, a member of guaiacols, a guaiacyl lignin and a primary alcohol. It is an enantiomer of a (2R,3S)-dihydrodehydrodiconiferyl alcohol. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-lysine and L-glutamine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-lysine and a L-glutamine. 
it is a 5-methyl-1-phenyl-3,4,5,6-tetrahydro-1H-2,5-benzoxazocine that has (S)-configuration (the racemate is a non-opioid analgesic drug). It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-nefopam. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic that is the 3,4,6-trideoxy-3-(dimethylamino)-beta-D-xylo-hexoside of 10-deoxymethynolide. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a glycoside, a macrolide antibiotic and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a 10-deoxymethynolide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a phosphatidylethanolamine 36:1 zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the amino to the phosphate group of it. 
it is an amidobenzoic acid comprising benzoic acid having a benzamido group at the 2-position. It derives from an anthranilic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-benzoylanthranilate. 
(Â±)-1, 3-butanedithiol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain (Â±)-1, 3-butanedithiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Â±)-1, 3-butanedithiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is ferulic acid in which the ring hydrogen at position 5 is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a hydroxycinnamic acid and a methoxycinnamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-hydroxyferulate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of methoxyamine, an alkoxyamine with potential chemotherapeutic adjuvant activity. Methoxyamine covalently binds to apurinic/apyrimidinic DNA damage sites and thereby inhibits base excision repair (BER) process, which may prevent repair of DNA strand breaks and result in an induction of apoptosis. This agent may potentiate the anti-tumor activity of alkylating agents. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-chloroacrylic acid obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a nitric oxide synthase activator. It is a conjugate base of a 2-chloroacrylic acid. 
it is a FAHFA (fatty acid ester of a hydroxy fatty acid) obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic acid with the hydroxy group of 9-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid (9-hydroxystearic acid). It has a role as a human metabolite, a hypoglycemic agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a FAHFA and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is tetraanion of P(1),P(4)-bis(5'-adenosyl) tetraphosphate arising from deprotonation of the tetraphosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a P(1),P(4)-bis(5'-adenosyl) tetraphosphate. 
it is a DEA controlled drug. It is classified by the DEA as Stimulants. Street names for Amphetamines are Bennies, Black Beauties, Crank, Ice, Speed, and Uppers. 
it is a member of the family of dapdiamides consisting of 3-aminoalanylvaline, in which the N-terminus is acylated by a 3-carbamoyloxirane-2-carbonyl group. NB Although the relative configuration of the epoxide moiety has been assigned as trans, it has not yet been established whether the absolute configuration is R,R (as drawn) or S,S. It is a dapdiamide and an epoxide. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an organoarsonic acid that is methylarsonic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by a carboxy group. It is an organoarsonic acid and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it anion. 
Cerulenin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxirane carboxylic acids and derivatives. Oxirane carboxylic acids and derivatives are compounds containing an oxirane ring bearing a carboxylic acid group (or a derivative thereof). Cerulenin is a drug which is used for use as a biochemical tool, cerulenin is shown to cause dramatic weight loss in animals. Cerulenin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Cerulenin has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, cerulenin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Cerulenin is a potentially toxic compound. 
TG(I-16:0/i-16:0/i-16:0), also known as triacylglycerol or TG(48:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. TG(I-16:0/i-16:0/i-16:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. TG(I-16:0/i-16:0/i-16:0) has been found in human adipose tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, TG(i-16:0/i-16:0/i-16:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. 
it is a benzamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-acetamidobenzoic acid with one of the amino groups of 1,2-phenylenediamine. An oral cytostatic drug with impressive differential activity against leukemic cells and normal stem-cells. Also used in combination therapy for selected tumors including non-smoll cell lung, pancreatic, breast, and colorectal cancers. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of acetamides, a member of benzamides and a substituted aniline. It derives from a 1,2-phenylenediamine. it is an orally bioavailable substituted benzamide derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits histone deacetylation, which may result in histone hyperacetylation, followed by the induction of differentiation, the inhibition of cell proliferation, and apoptosis in susceptible tumor cell populations. 
it appears as oily yellow or brown liquid. Used as an insecticide, nematocide and mosquito larvicide. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic thiophosphate, a sulfoxide and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, an avicide and a nematicide. It derives from a 4-(methylsulfinyl)phenol. 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
it is the 17,21-diacetate derivative of diflorasone. It is used topically for its anti-inflammatory and antipruritic properties in the treatment of various skin disorders. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an antipruritic drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 20-oxo steroid, a fluorinated steroid, an acetate ester and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It derives from a diflorasone and an acetic acid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is the acetate salt form of diflorasone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties. Like other glucocorticoids, diflorasone enters the cell by diffusion across the cell membrane and binds to the glucocorticoid receptor (GR) in the cytoplasm. The receptor complex subsequently translocates to the nucleus and activates or represses genes by interacting with short, palindromic DNA sequences called glucocorticoid response element (GRE). Gene activation leads to the exertion of anti-inflammatory effects, e.g. upregulation of IkappaB, while gene repression inhibits production of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-2 and IL-6, thereby preventing activation of cytotoxic T-lymphocytes. 
it is an azobenzene that consists of two molecules of 4-aminosalicylic acid joined by an azo linkage. A prodrug for mesalazine, an anti-inflammatory drug, it is used (as the disodium salt) in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease. It has a role as a prodrug and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). it is a prodrug of mesalamine (5-Aminosalicylic acid; 5-ASA) with anti-inflammatory activity. Unabsorbed it passes through gastrointestinal tract and is cleaved by azoreductases, produced by microflora in colon, into 2 active molecules of 5-ASA. 5-ASA exerts its anti-inflammatory action locally by inhibiting cyclooxygenase and lipoxygenase activities, thereby reducing the production of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. In addition, mesalamine may act as a scavenger of reactive oxygen free radicals. 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is 1,4-benzoquinone in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a prenyl group. It derives from a 1,4-benzoquinone. 
Acetoacetyl-CoA, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. Acetoacetyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Acetoacetyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, acetoacetyl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria, peroxisome and cytoplasm. In humans, acetoacetyl-CoA is involved in the simvastatin action pathway, the desmosterolosis pathway, the valine, leucine and isoleucine degradation pathway, and the pyridoxine dependency with seizures pathway. Acetoacetyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include pyruvate kinase deficiency, the hyper-igd syndrome pathway, trifunctional protein deficiency, and the hyperlysinemia I, familial pathway. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxycholest-5-en-26-oic acid in which the stereocentre at position 25 has R-configuration. It derives from a (25R)-3beta-hydroxycholest-5-en-26-al. It is a conjugate acid of a (25R)-3beta-hydroxycholest-5-en-26-oate. 
A class of plant growth hormone isolated from cultures of Gibberella fujikuroi, a fungus causing Bakanae disease in rice. There are many different members of the family as well as mixtures of multiple members; all are diterpenoid acids based on the gibberellane skeleton. 
it is the sulfate form of cefpirome, a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefpirome binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an optically active form of lactic acid having (S)-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxypropanoic acid and a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-lactate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-lactic acid. Lactic Acid, L- is the levorotatory isomer of lactic acid, the biologically active isoform in humans. Lactic acid or lactate is produced during fermentation from pyruvate by lactate dehydrogenase. This reaction, in addition to producing lactic acid, also produces nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) that is then used in glycolysis to produce energy source adenosine triphosphate (ATP). 
it is an indole phytoalexin that is indole substituted at position 3 by a 1,3-thiazol-2-yl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an indole phytoalexin and a member of 1,3-thiazoles. 
it is a cytotoxic fungal metabolite isolated from plant tissues infected by phytopathogen Botrytis cinerea. It has a role as a mycotoxin. 
it is an orally available synthetic form of the calcitriol prohormone it (25-hydroxyvitamin D), which can be used for vitamin D supplementation, and with potential immunomodulating activity. Upon oral administration, it is taken up by the body and converted, in the kidneys, to the active form calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D or 1,25(OH)2D). This form increases and normalizes vitamin D plasma levels, which, in turn, regulates calcium plasma levels, and normalizes elevated parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels by suppressing both PTH synthesis, and secretion. Vitamin D modulates and enhances the innate and adaptive immune responses. This may improve unregulated inflammation and prevents the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines. Specifically, vitamin D binds to its receptor vitamin D receptor (VDR) which is widely expressed on immune cells and epithelial cells. This stimulates neutrophils, macrophages, and natural killer (NK) cells, and activates epithelial cells to produce antimicrobial peptides (AMPs). In addition, upon infection, vitamin D promotes the migration of myeloid dendritic cells (mDCs) to lymphoid organs where they activate B- and T-lymphocytes. 
it is a lignan that is tetrahydro-1H,3H-furo[3,4-c]furan substituted by a 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 1 and a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl group at position 4. It has been isolated from the stems of Sinocalamus affinis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a dimethoxybenzene, a furofuran and a polyphenol. 
it is a tetradecanoate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of tetradecanoic acid with the hydroxy group of 2-naphthol. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a tetradecanoate ester, a member of naphthalenes and an aromatic ester. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
A vasoconstrictor found in ergot of Central Europe. It is a serotonin agonist that has been used as an oxytocic agent and in the treatment of MIGRAINE DISORDERS. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanones. Furanones are compounds containing a furan ring bearing a ketone group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Amphotericin B is an antifungal agent with a broad spectrum of activity against many fungal species. Amphotericin B commonly causes mild to moderate serum aminotransferase elevations and can cause hyperbilirubinemia, but acute, clinically apparent drug induced liver injury from amphotericin B therapy is exceedingly rare. 
it appears as a yellowish liquid. Less dense than water. Combustible, though may be difficult to ignite. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. Used in detergents and in the synthesis of dyes, pharmaceuticals and other chemicals. 2,2,2-tetramine is a polyazaalkane that is decane in which the carbon atoms at positions 1, 4, 7 and 10 are replaced by nitrogens. It is a tetramine and a polyazaalkane. 
it is a colorless gas with a petroleum-like odor. It is shipped as a liquid at 4-6 atms. It is easily ignited. The vapors are heavier than air. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air and has a narcotic effect in high concentration (formerly used as an anesthetic gas). Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is a cycloalkane composed of three carbon atoms to form a ring. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic. It is a cycloalkane and a member of its. 
it is a hydroxypiperidine that is deoxynojirimycin (duvoglustat) in which the amino hydrogen is replaced by a nonyl group. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.45 (glucosylceramidase) inhibitor, an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and an antiviral agent. It is a hydroxypiperidine and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a duvoglustat. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03246399 (A Study of the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of it Injectable Suspension Following Single Intradiscal Injection in Subjects With Degenerative Disc Disease). 
it is a member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls that is biphenyl-4-ol with chlorine atoms substituted at positions 2 and 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of hydroxybiphenyls and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a biphenyl-4-ol. 
it is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 6.9 at 20 â„ƒ. It is an it and an amino sulfonic acid. It is a tautomer of a 2-[(2-amino-2-oxoethyl)ammonio]ethanesulfonate. 
A non-essential amino acid. It is found primarily in gelatin and silk fibroin and used therapeutically as a nutrient. It is also a fast inhibitory neurotransmitter. 
it is a dipeptide consisting of glycine having an L-prolyl group attached to its alpha-amino nitrogen. It is a tautomer of a L-prolinylglycine zwitterion. 
it(1-) is conjugate base of it arising from deprotonation of the phosphinate function. It is a conjugate base of a glufosinate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is lysergamide in which one of the hydrogens attached to the amide nitrogen is substituted by a 1-hydroxypropan-2-yl group (S-configuration). An ergot alkaloid that has a particularly powerful action on the uterus, its maleate (and formerly tartrate) salt is used in the active management of the third stage of labour, and to prevent or treat postpartum of postabortal haemorrhage caused by uterine atony: by maintaining uterine contraction and tone, blood vessels in the uterine wall are compressed and blood flow reduced. It has a role as an oxytocic, a diagnostic agent, a toxin and a fungal metabolite. It is an ergot alkaloid, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a primary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 
it is a 5-chloro-2-methyl-2,3,3a,12b-tetrahydrodibenzo[2,3:6,7]oxepino[4,5-c]pyrrole in which both of the stereocentres have S configuration. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R,R)-asenapine. 
it is a white to slightly yellow powder. Pleasant taste. Practically water insoluble. (NTP, 1992) it is a carbamate ester that is methyl 1H-benzimidazol-2-ylcarbamate substituted by a benzoyl group at position 5. It has a role as an antinematodal drug, a tubulin modulator and a microtubule-destabilising agent. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a carbamate ester and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-benzimidazole. it is a synthetic benzimidazole derivate and anthelmintic agent. it interferes with the reproduction and survival of helminths by inhibiting the formation of their cytoplasmic microtubules, thereby selectively and irreversibly blocking glucose uptake. This results in a depletion of glycogen stores and leads to reduced formation of ATP required for survival and reproduction of the helminth. This eventually causes the helminths death. 
(Z)-it is a member of the class of acrylamides that is acrylamide which is substituted at positions 2 and 3 by 2-furyl and 5-nitro-2-furyl groups, respectively (the trans isomer). Formerly used as a food preservative, it was withdrawn from the market following suspicions of carcenogenicity. It is a nitrofuran antibiotic, a C-nitro compound, a primary carboxamide and a member of acrylamides. 
it is a member of the class of benzoyl-CoAs having 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzoyl (also known as vanilloyl) as the aroyl group. A potential intermediate of vanillate biosynthesis. 
it is the 2-hydroxy-3-ethyl derivative of succinic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a synthetic glucocorticoid that is the 16,17-acetonide of triamcinolone. Used to treat various skin infections. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an anti-allergic agent. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a glucocorticoid, a cyclic ketal, a fluorinated steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a triamcinolone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is the acetonide salt form of triamcinolone, a synthetic glucocorticosteroid with immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory activity. it binds to specific cytosolic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently interacts with glucocorticoid receptor response element on DNA and alters gene expression. This results in an induction of the synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins while inhibiting the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators. Consequently, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions are accomplished. 
1-(5-Methyl-2-furanyl)-1, 2-propanedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl ketones. These are organic aromatic compounds that contain a ketone group substituted at one C-atom with an aryl group. They have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=organyl group. 1-(5-Methyl-2-furanyl)-1, 2-propanedione is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-(5-methyl-2-furanyl)-1, 2-propanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-(5-methyl-2-furanyl)-1, 2-propanedione can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 1-(5-methyl-2-furanyl)-1, 2-propanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as F-g dipeptide or phe-gly, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a glucosamine sulfate, a glycosylglucose derivative, a N-sulfoglucosamine and an amino disaccharide. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-D-glucuronosyl-N(2),6-disulfonato-beta-D-glucosamine(3-). 
Apigenin 5, 7, 4'-trimethyl ether, also known as 4'57-trimethoxyflavone or 4', 5, 7-trimethyl-apigenin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, apigenin 5, 7, 4'-trimethyl ether is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Apigenin 5, 7, 4'-trimethyl ether exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, apigenin 5, 7, 4'-trimethyl ether is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, apigenin 5, 7, 4'-trimethyl ether can be found in citrus, mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), and sweet orange. This makes apigenin 5, 7, 4'-trimethyl ether a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Sardomozide is a methylglyoxal-bis(guanylhydrazone) (MGBG) derivative with potential antineoplastic and antiviral properties. Sardomozide selectively binds to and inhibits S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase (SAMDC), an enzyme essential for the biosynthesis of polyamines, such as spermine and spermidine that bind to DNA and play critical roles in cell division, cell differentiation and membrane function. By inhibiting SAMDC, sardomozide reduces the intracellular polyamine concentration, thereby interfering with cell growth and differentiation. In addition, this agent also exhibits anti-HIV effect via suppressing expression of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A (eIF-5A), which is essential for retroviral replication. 
it appears as a white to yellow crystalline solid. Irritates skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. 
it, also known as it or a1-purothionin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acylaminobenzoic acid and derivatives. These are derivatives of amino benzoic acid derivatives where the amine group is N-acylated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, purothionin aii is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, purothionin aii can be found in cereals and cereal products, common wheat, and wheat. This makes purothionin aii a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A quaternary skeletal muscle relaxant usually used in the form of its bromide, chloride, or iodide. It is a depolarizing relaxant, acting in about 30 seconds and with a duration of effect averaging three to five minutes. Succinylcholine is used in surgical, anesthetic, and other procedures in which a brief period of muscle relaxation is called for. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazines that is amiloride in which the primary amino group adjacent to the chloro substiuent has been substituted by a methyl group and a propyl group. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker. It is a member of pyrazines, a member of guanidines, an organochlorine compound, a tertiary amino compound and a primary amino compound. It derives from an amiloride. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound and sesquiterpene that is 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8-octahydroazulene which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 1 and 4 and by a (prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 7 (the 1S,4S,7R enantiomer). It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a carbobicyclic compound and a sesquiterpene. 
it is a tryptamine alkaloid that is tryptamine carrying an additional phosphoryloxy substituent at position 4. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a hallucinogen. It is an organic phosphate, a tryptamine alkaloid and a primary amino compound. It derives from a tryptamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Magnesium dihydroxide is a it in which the magnesium atom is bound to two hydroxide groups. It has a role as an antacid and a flame retardant. it is a solution of it with antacid and laxative properties. Milk of magnesium exerts its antacid activity in low doses such that all hydroxide ions that enter the stomach are used to neutralize stomach acid. This agent exerts its laxative effect in higher doses so that hydroxide ions are able to move from the stomach to the intestines where they attract and retain water, thereby increasing intestinal movement (peristalsis) and inducing the urge to defecate. 
it is a fully substituted dialkyl 1,4-dihydropyridine-3,5-dicarboxylate derivative, which is used for the treatment of hypertension, chronic stable angina and confirmed or suspected vasospastic angina. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a calcium channel blocker and a vasodilator agent. It is a dihydropyridine, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an ethyl ester, a methyl ester and a primary amino compound. it is a synthetic dihydropyridine and a calcium channel blocker with antihypertensive and antianginal properties. it inhibits the influx of extracellular calcium ions into myocardial and peripheral vascular smooth muscle cells, thereby preventing vascular and myocardial contraction. This results in a dilatation of the main coronary and systemic arteries, decreased myocardial contractility, increased blood flow and oxygen delivery to the myocardial tissue, and decreased total peripheral resistance. This agent may also modulate multi-drug resistance (MDR) activity through inhibition of the p-glycoprotein efflux pump. 
it is a dicarboximide that is pyrrolidine-2,5-dione in which the hydrogens at position 3 are substituted by one methyl and one ethyl group. An antiepileptic, it is used in the treatment of absence seizures and may be used for myoclonic seizures, but is ineffective against tonic-clonic seizures. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a calcium channel blocker. It is a pyrrolidinone and a dicarboximide. it is a succinimide with anticonvulsant activity. The exact mechanism of action is not entirely understood, but most likely it exerts its effects by partial antagonism of T-type calcium channels of the thalamic neurons. This leads to a decrease in burst firing of thalamocortical neurons, which stabilizes the nerve activity in the brain and prevents seizures. 
it is a gadolinium-based paramagnetic contrast agent. When placed in a magnetic field, gadobenate dimeglumine produces a large magnetic moment and so a large local magnetic field, which can enhance the relaxation rate of nearby protons; as a result, the signal intensity of tissue images observed with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) may be enhanced. Because this agent is preferentially taken up by normal functioning hepatocytes, normal hepatic tissue is enhanced with MRI while tumor tissue is unenhanced. In addition, because gadobenate dimeglumine is excreted in the bile, it may be used to visualize the biliary system using MRI. 
Lincomycin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of lincomycin, a lincosamide antibiotic originally identified in actinomycete Streptomyces lincolnensis with activity against gram-positive cocci and anaerobic bacteria. 
it is a member of the class of tetralins that is tetralin which is substituted by a methyl group at position 1 and at position 5, It is an ortho-fused bicyclic hydrocarbon and a member of tetralins. It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 
it is the phosphate salt form of clindamycin, a semi-synthetic, chlorinated broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of lincomycin. it is used in topical preparations. 
it is a DEA controlled drug. It is classified by the DEA as Depressants. Street names for its are Benzos, Downers, Nerve Pills, and Tranks. 
it is a benzofuran-derived stilbenoid that is a homotrimer obtained by cyclotrimerisation of resveratrol. It is isolated from Dryobalanops oblongifolia. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a polyphenol and a stilbenoid. It derives from a trans-resveratrol. 
it appears as colorless crystals with a mousy odor (NTP, 1999). Low toxicity. it is a member of the class of its that results from the formal condensation of acetic acid with ammonia. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a N-acylammonia and a member of its. It is a tautomer of an acetimidic acid. 
it is a single-stranded DNA oligonucleotide composed of three deoxythymidylic acid residues connected by 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages and terminated by a 5'-phosphate. It contains a dTMP 3'-end residue, a dTMP 5'-end residue and a thymidine 5'-monophosphate residue. 
Clevudine is a synthetic pyrimidine analogue with activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV). Intracellularly, clevudine is phosphorylated to its active metabolites, clevudine monophosphate and triphosphate. The triphosphate metabolite competes with thymidine for incorporation into viral DNA, thereby causing DNA chain termination and inhibiting the function of HBV DNA polymerase (reverse transcriptase). Clevudine has a long half-life and shows significant reduction of covalently closed circular DNA (cccDNA), therefore the patient is less likely to have a relapse after treatment is discontinued. 
it is a member of the class of chromones that is chromone which is substituted by a 2-(4-methoxyphenyl)ethyl group at position 2. It is found in agarwood, a fragrant resinous heartwood from trees of the genus Aquilaria. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of chromones and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a chromone. 
it is a phosphosphingolipid that consists of sphingosine having a phospho group attached at position 1 It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a it receptor agonist, a signalling molecule, a T-cell proliferation inhibitor and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a sphingosine. It is a conjugate acid of a sphingosine 1-phosphate(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives. Hydroxycinnamic acids and derivatives are compounds containing an cinnamic acid (or a derivative thereof) where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products and fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, with more than 50% but not more than 72% acid appears as a clear colorless odorless aqueous solution. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Closed containers may rupture violently under prolonged exposure to heat. it is a chlorine oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a perchlorate. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt of nolatrexed, a water-soluble lipophilic quinazoline folate analog with antineoplastic activity. Nolatrexed occupies the folate binding site of thymidylate synthase, resulting in inhibition of thymidylate synthase activity and thymine nucleotide synthesis with subsequent inhibition of DNA replication, DNA damage, S-phase cell cycle arrest, and caspase-dependent apoptosis. This agent also exhibits radiosensitizing activity. 
it is an oligopeptide comprising pyroglutamyl, histidyl, tryptophyl, seryl, tyrosyl, D-tryptophyl, leucyl, arginyl, prolyl and glycinamide residues joined in sequence. It is an agonist analogue of gonadotropin-releasing hormone. It has a role as a gonadotropin releasing hormone agonist, an antineoplastic agent and a contraceptive drug. it is a synthetic decapeptide agonist analog of luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH). Possessing greater potency than endogenous LHRH, it reversibly represses gonadotropin secretion. After chronic, continuous administration, this agent effects sustained decreases in LH and FSH production and testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis. Serum testosterone concentrations may fall to levels typically observed in surgically castrated men. (NCI04) it Pamoate is the pamoate salt of it, a synthetic decapeptide agonist analog of luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH). Possessing greater potency than endogenous LHRH, it reversibly represses gonadotropin secretion after prolonged administration. After chronic, continuous administration, a sustained decrease in LH, FSH and testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis is observed. The serum testosterone concentration may fall to levels typically seen in surgically castrated men. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as lactones. These are cyclic esters of hydroxy carboxylic acids, containing a 1-oxacycloalkan-2-one structure, or analogues having unsaturation or heteroatoms replacing one or more carbon atoms of the ring. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an optically active form of tyrosine having D-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a tyrosine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a itosinium. It is a conjugate acid of a itosinate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-tyrosine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a white to dirty gray crystalline solid. Water soluble. Noncombustible, but accelerates the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in fire or the combustible material is finely divided an explosion may result. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat or fire. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires. Used in solid propellants, explosives, fertilizers. it is the inorganic nitrate salt of potassium. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is a potassium salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. it is a crystalline salt, KNO3; a strong oxidizer used especially in making gunpowder, as a fertilizer, and in medicine. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01529671 (A Safety And Tolerability Study Of it In Healthy Subjects And In Subjects With Otseoarthritis Of The Knee). 
it is a member of the class of phenazines carrying carboxy substituents at positions 1 and 6. A natural product found in Streptomyces species. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of phenazines and a dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phenazine-1,6-dicarboxylate. 
it is the L-enantiomer of 2-aminoadipic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It derives from an adipic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-2-aminoadipate(1-) and a L-2-aminoadipate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a D-2-aminoadipic acid. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 12:0 in which both acyl groups are specified as hexanoyl. It has a role as a surfactant. It derives from a hexanoic acid. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of dodecanoic acid with 3-methylbutan-1-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an isoamylol. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-leucine, L-threonine, and L-proline units joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-leucine, a L-threonine and a L-proline. 
it is a bis(azo) compound that is 2-naphthol substituted at position 1 by a {4-[(2,5-dimethylphenyl)diazenyl]-2,5-dimethylphenyl}diazenyl group. A fat-soluble dye predominantly used for demonstrating triglycerides in frozen sections and for staining of protein bound lipids in paraffin sections. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound and a member of naphthols. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
it appears as solid yellow crystals. Explosive when dry or with less than 15% water. The primary hazard is from blast of an instantaneous explosion and not flying projectiles and fragments. slightly soluble in water and soluble in ether and solutions of sodium or potassium hydroxide. it is a dinitrophenol having the nitro groups at the 2- and 4-positions. It has a role as an oxidative phosphorylation inhibitor, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite, an antiseptic drug and an allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a colorless liquid with a sweet odor. Floats and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a hydroxypolyether that is the monomethyl ether derivative of diethylene glycol. It has a role as a teratogenic agent and a solvent. It is a hydroxypolyether and a diether. It derives from a diethylene glycol. 
it is a trihydroxyflavone that consists of quercetagetin in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3, 6 and 4' have been replaced by methoxy groups. It has been isolated from Eremophila mitchellii and Athroisma proteiforme. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. 
it is an aromatic ether that is (R)-lactic acid in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been converted to the corresponding p-[(5-chloro-3-fluoropyridin-2-yl)oxy]phenyl ether. It is the parent acid of the herbicide it-propargyl. It has a role as an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor and a phenoxy herbicide. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether, an organofluorine compound and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a menaquinone whose side-chain contains 9 isoprene units in an all-trans-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it is a L-histidine derivative that is N,N-dimethyl-L-histidine substituted at positions N3 and C5 on the imidazole ring by methyl and mercapto groups respectively. It has a role as a marine metabolite, an antioxidant and a radical scavenger. It is an aryl thiol and a L-histidine derivative. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 34:1 in which the two acyl substituents at positions 1 and 2 are specified as oleoyl and palmitoyl respectively. It is a phosphatidylcholine 34:1 and a 1-acyl-2-hexadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is an L-tyrosine derived and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonist with hypoglycemic and lipid lowering activity. it shows greater selectivity over PPARgamma than PPARalpha. This agent is developed for the treatment of hepatic fibrosis. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-glutamic acid, L-aspartic acid and L-isoleucine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid, a L-aspartic acid and a L-isoleucine. 
it, also known as epiglobulol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 5, 10-cycloaromadendrane sesquiterpenoids. These are aromadendrane sesquiterpenoids that arise from the C5-C10 cyclization of the aromadendrane skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, globulol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, fruity, and green tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as sweet bay, common sage, spearmint, and peppermint. This makes globulol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a polyketide obtained by hydrolysis of the pyranone ring of lovastatin. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite, an EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor, a teratogenic agent and a drug metabolite. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a polyketide and a fatty acid ester. It derives from a lovastatin and a (S)-2-methylbutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a mevinolinate. it is the active, acid form of lovastatin. In the body lovastatin is hydrolysed to its beta-hydroxy acid active form. 
it is a penicillin that is benzylpenicillin in which the phenylacetyl group has been replaced by a (3,4-dichlorophenyl)(methoxy)acetyl group. It is a mixture of epimers at the methoxy-bearing carbon. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin, a semisynthetic derivative and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is the 1,14-dicarboxy derivative of tetradecane. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a hexadecanedioate(2-). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the R-enantiomer of 3-hydroxybutyric acid. Involved in the synthesis and degradation of ketone bodies, it can be used as an energy source by the brain during hypoglycaemia, and for the synthesis of biodegradable plastics. It is a sex pheremone in the European spider Linyphia triangularis. It has a role as a human metabolite, a pheromone and a fungal metabolite. It is a ketone body and a 3-hydroxybutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-3-hydroxybutyrate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-3-hydroxybutyric acid. 
it is a member of the class of acetophenones that is acetophenone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3, 4 and 5 respectively. It is a member of acetophenones and a member of methoxybenzenes. It derives from an acetophenone. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion, obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxylic acid group to the amino group of 2,3-dihydro-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid. It is a tautomer of a 2,3-dihydro-3-hydroxyanthranilic acid. 
it is halogenated cyanine compound that binds nucleic acids. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organic iodide salt and a cyanine dye. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 4 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of (2,6-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic (homogentisic) acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a homogentisic acid. 
it is erythritol in which each of the hydroxy groups has been converted to the corresponding nitrate ester. It is a vasodilator with properties similar to nitroglycerin. It is usually used diluted with lactose or other suitable inert excipients, in order to minimise the risk of explosion; undiluted it can be exploded by percussion or excessive heat. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an explosive. It derives from an erythritol. 
it is the product resulting from formal oxidation of DL-proline by loss of hydrogen from the nitrogen and from the carbon alpha to the carboxylic acid, with the formation of a C=N bond. It is a conjugate acid of a 1-pyrroline-2-carboxylate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as colorless or white crystals. Sublimes. Flash point 149Â°F. Burns readily with a bright, smoky flame. Penetrating aromatic odor. Pungent, aromatic taste followed by a sensation of cold. (NTP, 1992) it is the (R)- enantiomer of camphor. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-camphor. Camphor Oil is the oil extracted from the wood of the Camphor tree Cinnamomum Camphora. Camphor oil has anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties and is used for its aromatic properties, as an insect repellant, in embalming fluids, and in various topical skin preparations. 
it, also known as fema 3526, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-acyloxy ketones. These are ketones that have an acyloxy substituent alpha to the carbonyl group. They have the general structure R4C(=O)OC(R2)(R3)C(R1)=O (R1=organyl, R4=H or organyl; R2, R3 = any atom). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, buttery, and creamy tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, cocoa and cocoa products, and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Alloalantolactone, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmanolides, secoeudesmanolides, and derivatives. These are terpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmanolide (a 3, 5a, 9-trimethyl-naphtho[1, 2-b]furan-2-one derivative) or secoeudesmanolide (a 3, 6-dimethyl-5-(pentan-2-yl)-1-benzofuran-2-one derivative) skeleton. Alloalantolactone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, alloalantolactone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, alloalantolactone can be found in herbs and spices. This makes alloalantolactone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyanthraquinones that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 6 and a methyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from the roots of Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. 
it (anhydrous) is enalapril in which the ethyl ester group has been hydrolysed to the corresponding carboxylic acid. it is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor and is used (often in the form of its prodrug, enalapril) in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure, for reduction of proteinuria and renal disease in patients with nephropathies, and for the prevention of stroke, myocardial infarction, and cardiac death in high-risk patients. Unlike enalapril, it is not absorbed by mouth but is given by intravenous injection, usually as the dihydrate. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and an antihypertensive agent. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dipeptide. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of it, a dicarbocyl-containing peptide and angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2S)-amino(3-hydroxyadamantan-1-yl)acetic acid with the amino group of (1S,3S,5S)-2-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hexane-3-carbonitrile. Used in its monohydrate form for the treatment of Type II diabetes. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and an EC 3.4.14.5 (dipeptidyl-peptidase IV) inhibitor. It is a member of adamantanes, a nitrile, an azabicycloalkane, a tertiary alcohol and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of saxagliptin, a potent, selective and competitive, cyanopyrrolidine-based, orally bioavailable inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. it is metabolized into an, although less potent, active mono-hydroxy metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminoglycosides. These are molecules or a portion of a molecule composed of amino-modified sugars. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
2-Methoxy-4-[(oxiran-2-yl)methyl]phenol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 2-Methoxy-4-[(oxiran-2-yl)methyl]phenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 2,3,10,12-tetrahydro-4H,11H-pyrano[2,3-a]xanthene-4,11-dione substituted by methyl groups at positions 6, 8, 10, and 10, and by hydroxy, isopropyl, methoxy, phenyl, and groups at positions 5, 12, 9, and 2, respectively (the S,S-enantiomer). It is isolated from the leaves of Baeckea frutescens and exhibits cytotoxicity against leukemia cells. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an extended flavonoid, a member of phenols and an ether. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 4, 2' and 4', a methoxy group at position 6' and a 5-hydroxy-5-methyl-2-(prop-1-en-2-yl)hexyl group at position 3 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of chalcones, a member of resorcinols and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of dodecanoic acid with propan-2-ol. A metabolite found in human saliva. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a fatty acid ester and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
it is a phosphate binder commonly used in clinical practice. It is marketed under the trade name Fosrenol by Shire Pharmaceuticals. It is the largest of all pills filled in community pharmacies. Sometimes patients forget that Fosrenol is not swallowed whole, but instead should be chewed. This has led to severe choking. It is prescribed for treating high phosphate levels, mainly found in patients with chronic kidney disease. Lanthanum should be taken with meals and binds to phosphate in the diet, preventing phosphate absorption in the intestine. it is the carbonate salt of lanthanum, a silvery white metallic element of the lanthanoids family, with phosphate binding property. it dissociates in gastric acid to release lanthanum ions, which then binds dietary phosphate. This agent inhibits the absorption of phosphate by forming highly insoluble lanthanum-phosphate complexes that reduce concentrations of serum phosphate and calcium phosphate. 
Tranxene is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. Clorazepate Dipotassium is a benzodiazepine with anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, and anticonvulsant properties. Clorazepate dipotassium exerts its effect by de-activating the nervous system through potentiation of the inhibitory effect of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) on the GABA-A receptors by binding to a site that is distinct from the GABA binding site. Its inhibitory effect is caused by an increase in GABA-mediated chloride channel opening events, leading to hyperpolarization and synaptic inhibition. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a slight ethereal odor. Vapors are heavier than air. Shipped liquefied under own vapor pressure. Flash point 351Â°F. Inhalation at high concentrations is harmful and may cause heart irregularities, unconsciousness or death without warning. Liquid contact may cause frostbite. Vapors can replace the available oxygen. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 4-benzodiazepines. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a 1, 4-azepine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, p-hydroxynordiazepam is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamaldehydes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a cinnamlaldehyde moiety, consisting of a benzene and an aldehyde group to form 3-phenylprop-2-enal. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the bitartrate salt of pentolinium. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent. It contains a pentolinium ion. 
it is the anhydrous form of the bromide salt of ipratropium. An anticholinergic drug, ipratropium bromide blocks the muscarinic cholinergic receptors in the smooth muscles of the bronchi in the lungs. This opens the bronchi, so providing relief in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and acute asthma. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It contains an ipratropium. Ipratropium Bromide is the bromide salt form of ipratropium, a synthetic derivative of the alkaloid atropine with anticholinergic properties. Ipratropium antagonizes the actions of acetylcholine at parasympathetic, postganglionic, effector-cell junctions. When inhaled, ipratropium binds competitively to cholinergic receptors in the bronchial smooth muscle thereby blocking the bronchoconstrictor actions of the acetylcholine mediated vagal impulses. Inhibition of the vagal tone leads to dilation of the large central airways resulting in bronchodilation. 
it, also known as 3-(2-(diethylamino)ethyl)-indole or diethyltryptamine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-acetyl-1-methylcyclohexene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a spice tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes 4-acetyl-1-methylcyclohexene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an L-methionine derivative in which the sulfur has been oxidised to the corresponding sulfone. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a L-methionine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trimethylsilyl esters. These are organoheterosilanes, bearing a silicon atom that is linked to three methyl groups and is O-esterified. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a 1-[3-(dimethylamino)propyl]-1-(4-fluorophenyl)-1,3-dihydro-2-benzofuran-5-carbonitrile that has R-configuration at the chiral centre. It is the inactive enantiomer of citalopram. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of an escitalopram. 
it is a sulfur-containing amino acid obtained by the oxidation of two cysteine molecules which are then linked via a disulfide bond. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an organic disulfide, a sulfur-containing amino acid and a cysteine derivative. It is a tautomer of a cystine zwitterion. Not considered one of the 20 amino acids, it is a sulfur-containing derivative obtained from oxidation of cysteine amino acid thiol side chains. It functions as an antioxidant and protects tissues against radiation and pollution, slowing the aging process. It also aids protein synthesis. it is abundant in many proteins of skeletal tissues and skin, and found in insulin and digestive enzymes chromotrypsinogen A, papain, and trypsinogen. (NCI04) 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that is aromadendrin 3-O-acetate substituted by a methoxy group at position 6. It is an acetate ester, a monomethoxyflavanone, a trihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (+)-dihydrokaempferol. 
it is a thiazolidinone that is the 5-{[4-(pyridin-4-yl)quinolin-6-yl]methylene} derivative of 1,3-thiazolidine-2,4-dione. A PI3K inhibitor It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinolines, a member of pyridines and a thiazolidinone. 
it is a member of the class of bromobenzenes that is bromobenzene carrying a fluoro atom at position 4. It is a member of bromobenzenes and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it is a sulfonated xanthene dye of absorption wavelength 573 nm and emission wavelength 591 nm. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of laudanine It derives from a (S)-norlaudanosoline. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-laudanine. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid that is a C20, polyunsaturated fatty acid having four (Z)-double bonds at positions 5, 8, 11 and 14. It has a role as a human metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor, a Daphnia galeata metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an icosa-5,8,11,14-tetraenoic acid, an omega-6 fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an arachidonate. It derives from a hydride of a (5Z,8Z,11Z,14Z)-icosa-5,8,11,14-tetraene. it is an unsaturated, essential fatty acid. It is found in animal and human fat as well as in the liver, brain, and glandular organs, and is a constituent of animal phosphatides. It is formed by the synthesis from dietary linoleic acid and is a precursor in the biosynthesis of prostaglandins, thromboxanes, and leukotrienes.(ChemID Plus) 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is acetoacetic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a methyl group. It derives from a butyric acid and an acetoacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methylacetoacetate. 
it is a citronellol that is oct-6-ene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and methyl groups at positions 3 and 7 (the 3S-enantiomer). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-(+)-citronellol. 
it is a dipeptide composed of glycine and 5-oxo-L-proline joined by a peptide linkage. It derives from a glycine and a 5-oxo-L-proline. 
it is a steroid acid ester, a methyl ester, an oxaspiro compound, a gamma-lactone, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and an epoxy steroid. It has a role as an aldosterone antagonist and an antihypertensive agent. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a selective aldosterone receptor antagonist. it binds to the mineralocorticoid receptor and blocks the binding of aldosterone, thereby decreasing sodium resorption and subsequently increasing water outflow. This leads to a decrease in blood pressure. it is used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. 
A group of peptide antibiotics from BACILLUS brevis. it C or S is a cyclic, ten-amino acid polypeptide and gramicidins A, B, D are linear. it is one of the two principal components of TYROTHRICIN. 
it is an imidazopyridine that is 1H-imidazo[4,5-b]pyridine which is substituted at position 2 by a 2-methoxy-4-(methylsulfinyl)phenyl group. An A1 adenosine receptor antagonist, it was formerly used as a cardiotonic agent. It has a role as a cardiotonic drug, an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor and an adenosine A1 receptor antagonist. It is an imidazopyridine and a sulfoxide. 
it is an imidazopyridine having norleucine and ornithine residues attached via their side-chains at the 4- and 2-positions respectively. It has a role as a cross-linking reagent and a biomarker. It is an imidazopyridine and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
1-(biphenyl-4-yloxy)-3,3-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butan-2-ol is a member of the class of triazoles that is 3,3-dimethyl-1-(1,2,4-triazol-1-yl)butane-1,2-diol substituted at position O-1 by a biphenyl-4-yl group. It is a member of biphenyls, an aromatic ether, a member of triazoles and a secondary alcohol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxyisoflavonoids. These are organic compounds containing an isoflavonoid skeleton carrying one or more hydroxyl groups. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the zwitterion formed from itline by proton transfer from the carboxy group to the ring nitrogen. It is the predominant species at physiological pH. It is a tautomer of a itline. 
it, also known as cyclohexanone, 4-methyl or fema 3948, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an animal and musty taste. 
it is a member of the class of terpineols that is cyclohexanol carrying additional methyl and propenyl substituents at positions 1 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a volatile oil component and a fragrance. It is a terpineol and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is lupane having a double bond at position 20(29) as well as 3beta-hydroxy and 28-hydroxymethyl substituents. It has a role as a metabolite, an antiviral agent, an analgesic, an anti-inflammatory agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a diol. It derives from a hydride of a lupane. 
it is nuclear particle of charge number +1, spin 1/2 and rest mass of 1.007276470(12) u. It is a hydron and a nucleon. 
6, 7-Dimethyl-8-(1-D-ribityl)lumazine, also known as DMDRL, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pteridines and derivatives. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a pteridine moiety, which consists of a pyrimidine fused to a pyrazine ring to form pyrimido(4, 5-b)pyrazine. 6, 7-Dimethyl-8-(1-D-ribityl)lumazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). In humans, 6, 7-dimethyl-8-(1-D-ribityl)lumazine is involved in the riboflavin metabolism pathway. Outside of the human body, 6, 7-dimethyl-8-(1-D-ribityl)lumazine can be found in a number of food items such as canola, oval-leaf huckleberry, colorado pinyon, and common oregano. This makes 6, 7-dimethyl-8-(1-D-ribityl)lumazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ethereal odor. Less dense than water. Flash point 6Â°F. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a cyclic ether that is butane in which one hydrogen from each methyl group is substituted by an oxygen. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. It is a member of oxolanes, a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, a cyclic ether and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a synthetic derivative of nitrophenyl-pyridine and potent calcium channel blocker, it (Nifedipine Family) blocks calcium ions from certain cell walls and inhibits contraction of coronary and peripheral arteries, resulting in lowered oxygen requirements for heart muscle and decreased arterial contraction and spasm. It is used clinically as a cerebral and coronary vasodilator. 
Cyclosporin A metabolite M17 is a cyclosporin A derivative that is cyclosporin A in which residue 1 [(2S,3R,4R,6E)-3-hydroxy-4-methyl-2-(methylamino)oct-6-enoic acid] has undergone allylic oxidation to give the corresponding primary allylic alcohol. It specifically inhibits growth of renal cells in culture. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a cyclosporin A derivative and a primary allylic alcohol. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and to make flavorings. it is a fatty acid ester and an isopropyl ester. 
it is a fine white to creamy white powder. A synthetic steroid. Used in combination with progestogen as an oral contraceptive. 17alpha-it is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is estradiol substituted by a ethynyl group at position 17. It is a xenoestrogen synthesized from estradiol and has been shown to exhibit high estrogenic potency on oral administration. It has a role as a xenoestrogen. It is a 17-hydroxy steroid, a terminal acetylenic compound and a 3-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol and an estradiol. it is a semisynthetic estrogen. it binds to the estrogen receptor complex and enters the nucleus, activating DNA transcription of genes involved in estrogenic cellular responses. This agent also inhibits 5-alpha reductase in epididymal tissue, which lowers testosterone levels and may delay progression of prostatic cancer. In addition to its antineoplastic effects, it protects against osteoporosis. In animal models, short-term therapy with this agent has been shown to provide long-term protection against breast cancer, mimicking the antitumor effects of pregnancy. (NCI04) 
it is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound containing a saturated four membered ring with 3 carbon atom and 1 sulfur atom. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a white crystalline solid with a slight garlic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a thiourea with a prop-2-enyl group attached to one of the amines. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a thiourea. 
it is an antilipidemic agent that decreases the relative rate of hepatic triacylglycerol synthesis. it was never approved for use in the United States and was withdrawn in the European Union because of an increased risk of pulmonary hypertension and valvular disease. 
it is a palladium coordination entity consisting of palladium(II) bound to two chlorine atoms. It has a role as a catalyst. 
it is a yellow gas with a musty odor that is shipped as a liquid under pressure. (NIOSH, 2016) Highly toxic by inhalation. it is the simplest diazo compound, in which a diazo group is attached to a methylene group. It has a role as an alkylating agent, an antineoplastic agent, a carcinogenic agent and a poison. 
it is a cyclohexenecarboxylic acid that is 1-cyclohexene-1-carboxylic acid carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 4 and 5. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, a cyclohexenecarboxylic acid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, m-methylacetophenone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it, also known as dihydroharman, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as harmala alkaloids. Harmala alkaloids are compounds with a structure based on harmaline, harmine, harmalol, harman or a derivative of those parents. These parents are beta-carbolines, consisting of a pyrimidine fused to the pyrrole moiety of an indole to form a pyrido[3, 4-b]indole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hopanoids. These are terpenoids containing hopane skeleton(A'-Neogammacerane), a pentacyclic structure with four cyclohexane rings and one cyclopentane ring (and often, a side chain emerging from C30). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A butyryl-beta-alanine that can also be viewed as pantoic acid complexed with BETA ALANINE. It is incorporated into COENZYME A and protects cells against peroxidative damage by increasing the level of GLUTATHIONE. 
it, also known as porrate a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzofurans. Dibenzofurans are compounds containing a dibenzofuran moiety, which consists of two benzene rings fused to a central furan ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of 2-benzofurans that is 6,7-dihydro-2-benzofuran-4(5H)-one that is substituted at positions 5 and 6 by hydroxy groups, at position 5 by a methyl group and at position 1 by a (2E,4E,6S)-4,6-dimethylocta-2,4-dienoyl group (the 5S,6R-diastereoisomer). A polyketide that was first obtained from the fungus Aspergillus nidulans by using a genomic mining approach. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a fungal metabolite. It is a member of 2-benzofurans, a tertiary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic ketone, a diol, a polyketide and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is the 3,5,7-trimethyl ether derivative of galangin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a galangin. 
it is an isotope of hydrogen but it is chemically identical. It is a colorless, odorless gas. It is easily ignited. Once ignited it burns with a pale blue, almost invisible flame. The vapors are lighter than air. It is flammable over a wide range of vapor/air concentrations. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is not toxic but is a simple asphyxiate by the displacement of oxygen in the air. 
it is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of azilsartan with the hydroxy group of 4-(hydroxymethyl)-5-methyl-1,3-dioxol-2-one. A prodrug for azilsartan, it is used for treatment of hypertension. It has a role as a prodrug, an angiotensin receptor antagonist and an antihypertensive agent. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a dioxolane, a cyclic carbonate ester, a 1,2,4-oxadiazole, an aromatic ether and a carboxylic ester. It derives from an azilsartan. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). Azilsartan Medoxomil is a medoxomil prodrug of azilsartan, an angiotensin II receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity. Upon hydrolysis, azilsartan selectively and competitively binds to the AT1 subtype angiotensin II receptor and blocks the binding of angiotensin II to the receptor, thus promoting vasodilatation and counteracting the effects of aldosterone. Converted from angiotensin I by angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), angiotensin II stimulates the adrenal cortex to synthesize and secrete aldosterone, decreasing sodium excretion and increasing potassium excretion, and acts as a vasoconstrictor in vascular smooth muscle. 
5-Methyl-2, 3-hexanedione, also known as acetyl isopentanoyl or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two ketone groups on two adjacent carbon atoms. 5-Methyl-2, 3-hexanedione is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-methyl-2, 3-hexanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5-Methyl-2, 3-hexanedione is a sweet, brown, and butter tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products and potato. This makes 5-methyl-2, 3-hexanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
GDP-alpha-D-mannose is the alpha-anomer of it. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a GDP-alpha-D-mannose(2-). 
it is an orally-available combination of clofibrate and niacin linked together by an ester bond. In the body clofibrate and niacin separate, acting as a controlled-release formulation. 
Norethindrone Acetate is the orally bioavailable acetate salt of norethindrone, a synthetic progestin with some anabolic, estrogenic, and androgenic activities. As do all progestins, norethindrone binds to and activates nuclear progesterone receptors (PRs) in target tissues such as the pituitary and reproductive system; ligand-receptor complexes are translocated to the nucleus where they bind to progesterone response elements (PREs) located on target genes, followed by various transcriptional events and histone acetylation. Physiological effects include the inhibition of luteinizing hormone (LH) release, an increase in the endometrial luteal-phase, and alterations in endocervical mucus secretion. 
Ethyl green is an iminium salt composed of [4-([4-(dimethylamino)phenyl]{4-[ethyl(dimethyl)azaniumyl]phenyl}methylidene)cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene](dimethyl)ammonium, bromide and chloride ions in a 1:1:1 ratio. A histological dye used to demonstrate nucleic acids by the Unna-Pappenheim stain, in conjunction with Pyronin Y. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an organic chloride salt, a quaternary ammonium salt, an iminium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains an ethyl green(1+). 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of hydroxy(diphenyl)acetic acid with the hydroxy group of (3-endo,8-syn)-8-(2-fluoroethyl)-3-hydroxy-8-methyl-8-azoniabicyclo[3.2.1]octane. Its bromide salt is used as a drug for the treatment asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an anti-asthmatic drug and an antispasmodic drug. It is a carboxylic ester, a quaternary ammonium ion, a tertiary alcohol, an azabicycloalkane and an organofluorine compound. 
it appears as a soft silvery metal. Shipped in very limited quantities sealed in a copper tube and over packed in a wooden box. Used in electronics. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 37, and atomic weight 85.468. 
it is a phenyl acetate obtained by the formal condensation of hydroxy group of syringic acid with acetic acid. It is a dimethoxybenzene, a member of benzoic acids and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a syringic acid. 
it is a REV-ERB agonist. it has been demonstrated that it is specifically lethal to cancer cells and oncogene-induced senescent cells, including melanocytic naevi, and has no effect on the viability of normal cells or tissues. 
it is an alanine derivative obtained by replacement of one of the methyl hydrogens in alanine with a cyano group It is an alanine derivative, an aliphatic nitrile and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a synthetic cytotoxic s-triazine derivative similar in structure to alkylating agent triethylenemelamin with antineoplastic activity. Although the precise mechanism by which it exerts its cytotoxic effect is unknown, N-demethylation of it may produce reactive intermediates which covalently bind to DNA, resulting in DNA damage. (NCI04) 
it is the (-)-enantiomer of ureidoglycolic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (-)-ureidoglycolate. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-ureidoglycolic acid. 
it is a sulfate salt form of atazanavir, an aza-dipeptide analogue with a bis-aryl substituent on the (hydroxethyl)hydrazine moiety with activity against both wild type and mutant forms of HIV protease. Atazanavir does not elevate serum lipids, a common problem with other protease inhibitors. 
Daucol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. Daucol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, daucol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, daucol can be found in carrot, root vegetables, and wild carrot. This makes daucol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it (A-3665) is a fentanyl analogue opioid developed in 1992. It is more potent and shorter acting than alfentanil. it is not used in clinics due to the severity of its respiratory depression, though it is still used in research. 
it is a nitrile that is L-glutamine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the amide nitrogen is replaced by a 2-cyanoethyl group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a L-glutamine derivative, an aliphatic nitrile and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a beta-aminopropionitrile. 
it is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid that is isoquinoline substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6 and 7 and a 3,4-dimethoxybenzyl group at position 1. It has been isolated from Papaver somniferum. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an antispasmodic drug. It is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines and a dimethoxybenzene. it is an opiate alkaloid isolated from the plant Papaver somniferum and produced synthetically. As a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant, it is not closely related to the other opium alkaloids in structure or pharmacological actions; its mechanism of action may involve the non-selective inhibition of phosphodiesterases and direct inhibition of calcium channels. This agent also exhibits antiviral activity against respiratory syncytial virus, cytomegalovirus, and HIV. (NCI04) 
it is a sapogenin that is spirostan which is substituted by a hydroxy group at the 3beta position, contains a double bond at the 5-6 position, and has R- configuration at position 25. A natural product found in Dioscorea (wild yam) species, it is used as the starting point for the commercial synthesis of a number of steroids, including cortisone, pregnenolone and progesterone. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antiviral agent, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a spiroketal, a hexacyclic triterpenoid and a sapogenin. It derives from a hydride of a spirostan. 
(+/-)-dihydrofarnesol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units (+/-)-dihydrofarnesol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (+/-)-dihydrofarnesol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm (+/-)-dihydrofarnesol has a floral, fruity, and green taste. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as psoralens. These are organic compounds containing a psoralen moiety, which consists of a furan fused to a chromenone to for 7H-furo[3, 2-g]chromen-7-one. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a trimethoxyflavone that is the 5,7,4'-trimethyl ether derivative of scutellarein. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monohydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It derives from a scutellarein. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is the free acid form of the dye Sirius red F3B (the trisodium salt). It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a member of naphthols, a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound, an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid, a secondary amino compound and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate acid of a Durazol blue 4R(3-). 
A 13-amino acid peptide derived from proteolytic cleavage of ADRENOCORTICOTROPIC HORMONE, the N-terminal segment of ACTH. ACTH (1-13) is amidated at the C-terminal to form ACTH (1-13)NH2 which in turn is acetylated to form alpha-MSH in the secretory granules. Alpha-MSH stimulates the synthesis and distribution of MELANIN in MELANOCYTES in mammals and MELANOPHORES in lower vertebrates. 
it is an anthraquinone that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 6, a methyl group at position 2 and a 3-acetyl-2,6-dihydroxy-4-methoxyphenyl group at position 1. It exhibits antioxidant, cytotoxic and antiplasmodial activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antiplasmodial drug, a leukotriene antagonist, an antioxidant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a polyphenol, a methyl ketone, a member of methoxybenzenes, an aromatic ketone, a member of resorcinols and a dihydroxyanthraquinone. 
it is an iron sulfide mineral with formula Fe3S4. It has a role as a catalyst. It is a sulfide mineral, a member of iron(2+) sulfides and a member of iron(3+) sulfides. 
it is the product from the treatment of protoaphin aglucone with protoaphin dehydratase (EC 4.2.1.73). It is an organic polycyclic compound and a hemiketal. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of acetophenones that is acetophenone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 3' and 4' respectively. It is a member of acetophenones and a dimethoxybenzene. 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt that is the bromide salt of aclidinium. A muscarinic acetylcholine M3 receptor antagonist, for the long-term maintenance treatment of bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and a bronchodilator agent. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains an aclidinium. 
it is an aryl beta-D-glucoside that is phloretin attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 2' via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antioxidant. It is an aryl beta-D-glucoside, a member of dihydrochalcones and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a phloretin. 
it is a L-serine derivative. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl)-L-serinate. 
A ferroin compound that forms a stable magenta-colored solution with the ferrous ion. The complex has an absorption peak at 562 nm and is used as a reagent and indicator for iron. 
it is an oxoicosatetraenoic acid having (5Z,8Z,11Z,13E) double bond stereochemistry, and an oxo group in position 15. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an icosa-5,8,11,13-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Asbestos, white is a white asbestos is a slender, fine, flaxy fiber. Long term occupational exposure to the dust can result in lung cancer. Asbestos is resistant to fire and most solvents. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used as a heat resistant material, in cement, furnace bricks, and brake linings. 
Ethyl (2S)-lactate is the (2S)-enantiomer of ethyl lactate. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an enantiomer of an ethyl (2R)-lactate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid carrying a 2-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl substituent at C-2. It has a role as a hapten. It is a conjugate acid of a (4-hydroxy-3-nitrophenyl)acetate. 
Michler&#39;s ketone appears as white to greenish crystalline leaflets or blue powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a white to green colored leaflet material that emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides when heated to decomposition. it is used as a chemical intermediate in making dyes and pigments, particularly auramine derivatives, for dyeing paper, textiles, and leather. Exposure to it affects the central nervous system. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an aromatic ketone that is 3,3-dimethylbutan-2-one in which the methyl groups at positions 1 and 4 are replaced by pyridin-3-yl groups. A steroid 11beta-monooxygenase (EC 1.14.15.4) inhibitor, it is used in the diagnosis of adrenal insufficiency. It has a role as a diagnostic agent, an antimetabolite and an EC 1.14.15.4 (steroid 11beta-monooxygenase) inhibitor. it is a pyridine derivative and a glucocorticoid synthesis inhibitor. it inhibits 11-beta-hydroxylase, thereby inhibiting synthesis of cortisol from 11-deoxycortisol and corticosterone from desoxycorticosterone in the adrenal gland. Removal of the negative feedback mechanism exerted by cortisol results in increased adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) secretion by the pituitary gland. In turn, continuing stimulation of adrenal gland by ACTH results in accumulation of corticoid precursors, 11-desoxycortisol and desoxycorticosterone. These metabolites are excreted in urine that maybe used as indicators for pituitary responsiveness. 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 25Â°F. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and through skin absorption. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used as an organic intermediate. 
Xi-5-acetyltetrahydro-2(3H)-furanone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-acyloxy ketones. These are ketones that have an acyloxy substituent alpha to the carbonyl group. They have the general structure R4C(=O)OC(R2)(R3)C(R1)=O (R1=organyl, R4=H or organyl; R2, R3 = any atom). Xi-5-acetyltetrahydro-2(3H)-furanone is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-5-acetyltetrahydro-2(3H)-furanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-5-acetyltetrahydro-2(3H)-furanone can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes xi-5-acetyltetrahydro-2(3H)-furanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a substituted benzimidazole derivative with activity against rhinoviruses and enteroviruses. it is a kinase inhibitor that targets viral protein 3A and 3AB, which are involved in viral RNA replication complex formation, thereby resulting in suppression of viral replication. 
it is an acetylspermine carrying an acetyl group at position N(1). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a member of acetamides and an acetylspermine. It is a conjugate base of a N(1)-acetylsperminium(3+). 
it is an oxopurine that is 7H-xanthine substituted at positions 1 and 3 by propyl groups and at position 8 by a cyclohexyl group. It has a role as an adenosine A1 receptor antagonist and an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor. It derives from a 7H-xanthine. 
it is the S-vinylacetyl derivative of coenzyme A. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a labdane diterpenoid in which the labdane skeleton has double bonds at positions 8(17) and 13 (the latter with E-stereochemistry) and carries a hydroxy group at the terminal C-15 position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a labdane diterpenoid and a primary alcohol. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-copalol. 
it salt is the sodium salt of bromfenac. Note that 'it' commonly refers to the sesquihydrate (120638-55-3); this is the anhydrous form. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. It contains a bromfenac(1-). Bromfenac Sodium is the sodium salt form of bromfenac, a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon ophthalmic administration, bromfenac binds to and inhibits the activity of cyclooxygenase II (COX II), an enzyme which converts arachidonic acid to cyclic endoperoxides, precursors of prostaglandins (PG). By inhibiting PG formation, bromfenac is able to inhibit PG-induced inflammation, thereby preventing vasodilation, leukocytosis, disruption of the blood-aqueous humor barrier, an increase in vascular permeability and an increase in intraocular pressure (IOP). 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 30:0 in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are myristoyl (tetradecanoyl) and palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl) respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a phosphatidylcholine 30:0, a tetradecanoate ester and a 1-acyl-2-hexadecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. 
it is a benzenedicarboxamide compound having N-substituted carbamoyl groups at the 1- and 3-positions, iodo substituents at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions and a (2S)-2-hydroxypropanamido group at the 5-position. It has a role as a radioopaque medium, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a benzenedicarboxamide, an organoiodine compound and a pentol. it is an organic iodine compound and used as a non-ionic water soluble radiographic contrast medium. it blocks x-rays as they pass through the body, thereby allowing body structures not containing iodine to be visualized. The degree of opacity produced by it is directly proportional to the total amount of the iodinated contrast agent in the path of the x-rays. The visualization of body structures is dependent upon the distribution and elimination of it. (NCI05) 
it appears as colorless crystals, flakes or colorless to white powder with a pleasant fragrant vanilla odor and a bitter aromatic burning taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a chromenone having the keto group located at the 2-position. It has a role as a fluorescent dye, a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. O hydroxycinnamic acid. Pleasant smelling compound found in many plants and released on wilting. Has anticoagulant activity by competing with Vitamin K. 
it is an epoxy steroid that is 3,17beta-dihydroxy-5alpha-androst-2-ene-2-carbonitrile in which the oxygen of the epoxy group is joined to the 4alpha and 5 alpha positions. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an abortifacient and an EC 1.1.1.210 [3beta(or 20alpha)-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase] inhibitor. It is a 3-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an androstanoid, an epoxy steroid and a nitrile. it is a synthetic derivative of androstane with adrenocortical suppressive properties. it reversibly inhibits 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase delta 5-4 isomerase in the adrenal cortex, resulting in the decreased synthesis of mineralocorticoids and glucocorticoids and the decreased conversion of pregnenolone to progesterone. (NCI04) 
Pan-RAF Inhibitor it is an orally available inhibitor of all members of the serine/threonine protein kinase Raf family, including A-Raf, B-Raf and C-Raf protein kinases, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, pan-RAF kinase inhibitor it inhibits Raf-mediated signal transduction pathways, which may inhibit tumor cell growth. Raf protein kinases play a key role in the RAF/mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MEK)/extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) signaling pathway, which is often dysregulated in human cancers and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation and survival. 
it is an epsilon-amino acid comprising hexanoic acid carrying an amino substituent at position C-6. Used to control postoperative bleeding, and to treat overdose effects of the thrombolytic agents streptokinase and tissue plasminogen activator. It has a role as an antifibrinolytic drug, a hematologic agent and a metabolite. It is an epsilon-amino acid and an omega-amino fatty acid. It derives from a hexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-aminohexanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a synthetic lysine derivative with antifibrinolytic activity. it competitively inhibits activation of plasminogen, thereby reducing conversion of plasminogen to plasmin (fibrinolysin), an enzyme that degrades fibrin clots as well as fibrinogen and other plasma proteins including the procoagulant factors V and VIII. it competitively reduces the conversion of plasminogen to plasmin by plasminogen activators. It directly inhibits proteolytic activity of plasmin, but higher doses are required than are needed to reduce plasmin formation. it is used in the treatment of hemorrhage and prophylactically against hemorrhage, including hyperfibrinolysis-induced hemorrhage and postsurgical hemorrhage. 
it is a member of the class of ethanolamines that is 2-aminoethanol in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by an acetyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of ethanolamines, a member of acetamides and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is an inorganic chloride composed of rubidium and chloride ions in a 1:1 ratio. It has a role as an antidepressant and a biomarker. It is a rubidium molecular entity and an inorganic chloride. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-dioxoaporphines. These are alkaloids that contains the tetracyclic aporphine skeleton with two C=O groups at the 4- and 5-positions. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of hypofluorous acid. It is a fluorine oxide, a fluorine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hypofluorous acid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an agreeable odor. Denser than water. Very toxic by inhalation. Painful burns on contact. 
it is a hydroxypregnenolone carrying an alpha-hydroxy group at position 17. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a hydroxypregnenolone, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy-C21-steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a triazolopyrimidine that is [1,2,3]triazolo[4,5-d]pyrimidine bearing an amino substituent at position 7. It has a role as an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a member of triazolopyrimidines, an aromatic amine and a nucleobase analogue. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar quantities of oxymetazoline and hydrogen chloride. A direct-acting sympathomimetic with marked alpha-adrenergic activity, it is a vasoconstrictor that is used to relieve nasal congestion. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a nasal decongestant, a sympathomimetic agent and a vasoconstrictor agent. It contains an oxymetazoline(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of oxymetazoline, an imidazole derivative with a direct acting sympathomimetic property. Oxymetazoline binds to and activates alpha-2 adrenergic receptors. Upon nasal or ocular administration, oxymetazoline constricts the arterioles in the nose and eye, resulting in decreased nasal and conjunctival congestion, respectively. 
it appears as blue crystalline granules or powder. Melting point 110Â°C (with decomposition). Non-combustible. Nauseating metallic taste. Odorless. White when dehydrated. (NTP, 1992) it is the pentahydrate of copper(2+) sulfate. A bright blue crystalline solid. It is a hydrate and a metal sulfate. It contains a copper(II) sulfate. 
it is an adenosine derivative and selective A2A adenosine receptor agonist with coronary vasodilating activity. Upon administration, it selectively binds to and activates the A2A adenosine receptor, which induces coronary vasodilation. This leads to an increase in coronary blood flow and enhances myocardial perfusion. Compared to adenosine, it has a longer half-life and shows higher selectivity towards the A2A adenosine receptor. This agent is a very weak agonist for the A1 adenosine receptor and has negligible affinity for the A2B and A3 adenosine receptors. 
N-(4-methylphenyl)-2-(pyridin-4-yl)quinazolin-4-amine is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by pyridin-4-yl and (4-methylphenyl)nitrilo groups, respectively. It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound, an aromatic amine, a member of pyridines, a member of toluenes and a substituted aniline. 
it is a white crystalline solid with a bitter, salty taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrate that is the dihydrate form of barium chloride. It has a role as a potassium channel blocker. It is a hydrate, a barium salt and an inorganic chloride. It contains a barium chloride. 
it is a aminopteridine-based aldosterone antagonist with potassium-sparing diuretic activity. Furturene is able to antagonize aldosterone at the mineralocorticoid receptor in the kidneys, thereby increasing sodium excretion while inhibiting potassium excretion. 
it is a glycine derivative that is glycine with a tertiary butyl group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. 
Neomycin is a broad spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic whose current use is limited to oral and topical administration. Neomycin has minimal oral absorption and its use has not been linked to instances of acute liver injury. it is the sulfate salt form of framycetin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces lavendulae (decaris), mainly containing neomycin B, with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity. Framycetin is used mostly as a topical preparation and is poorly absorbed. Upon parenteral administration, this agent can cause nephrotoxicity and ototoxicity. 
Cyclosporin a appears as white prismatic needles (from acetone) or white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a natural cyclic polypeptide immunosuppressant isolated from the fungus Beauveria nivea. The exact mechanism of action of it is not known but may involve binding to the cellular protein cytophilin, resulting in inhibition of the enzyme calcineurin. This agent appears to specifically and reversibly inhibit immunocompetent lymphocytes in the G0-or G1-phase of the cell cycle. T-lymphocytes are preferentially inhibited with T-helper cells as the primary target. it also inhibits lymphokine production and release. (NCI04) 
it is a rifamycin antibiotic that is similar in structure and activity to rifampin and rifabutin and that is used in combination with other agents as therapy of tuberculosis, particularly in once or twice weekly regimens. it is associated with transient and asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase and is a likely cause of clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a long-acting, cyclopentyl-substituted derivative of rifamycin used to treat mycobacterium infections. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-serine and L-tyrosine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dipeptide, a member of phenols, a primary alcohol and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a L-serine and a L-tyrosine. 
it appears as needles (from petroleum ether, ligroin) or beige solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a it in which the chlorines are located at positions 2, 3, 4, and 5. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a hydroxy saturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 9-hydroxydecanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 9-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of tryptamines that is N,N-dimethyltryptamine in which the hydrogen at position 5 of the indole ring has been replaced by a [(4S)-2-oxo-1,3-oxazolidin-4-yl]methyl group. A serotonin 5-HT1 B and D receptor agonist, it is used for the treatment of migraine. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist, a vasoconstrictor agent and an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a member of tryptamines and an oxazolidinone. It derives from a N,N-dimethyltryptamine. it is a member of the triptan class of agents with anti-migraine properties. it selectively binds to and activates serotonin (5-HT) 1B receptors expressed in intracranial arteries and 5-HT 1D receptors located on peripheral trigeminal sensory nerve terminals in the meninges and central terminals in brainstem sensory nuclei. Receptor binding results in constriction of cranial vessels, reduction of vessel pulsation and inhibition of nociceptive transmission, thereby providing relief of migraine headaches. it may also relieve migraine headaches by inhibition of pro-inflammatory neuropeptide release. 
A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent that is less effective than equal doses of ASPIRIN in relieving pain and reducing fever. However, individuals who are hypersensitive to ASPIRIN may tolerate sodium salicylate. In general, this salicylate produces the same adverse reactions as ASPIRIN, but there is less occult gastrointestinal bleeding. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p120) 
Vestitone, also known as (3r3s)-vestitone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. Thus, vestitone is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Vestitone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, vestitone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, vestitone can be found in a number of food items such as peach (var. ), ostrich fern, strawberry guava, and canada blueberry. This makes vestitone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
C.i. it appears as gray-black microcrystals or black powder. (NTP, 1992) CI it is a Benzidine-based azo dye that is metabolized to free Benzidine in vivo. it is primarily used for the dyeing of textiles, leather and paper. Benzidine and its metabolic derivatives have been detected in the urine of workers exposed to Benzidine-based dyes. Exposure to this dye is strongly associated with the occurrence of bladder cancer. (NCI05) 
it, solution appears as a colorless to light-yellow liquid. Corrosive to metals and tissue. It is used in paper pulping, manufacturing dyes and dehairing hides. 
it is a sterol ester obtained by formal condensation of the 3-hydroxy group of abiraterone with the carboxy group of acetic acid. A prodrug that is converted in vivo into abiraterone. Used for treatment of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer. It has a role as a prodrug, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.14.99.9 (steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase) inhibitor. It is a sterol ester and a member of pyridines. It derives from an abiraterone. it is an orally active acetate ester form of the steroidal compound abiraterone with antiandrogen activity. Abiraterone inhibits the enzymatic activity of steroid 17alpha-monooxygenase (17alpha-hydrolase/C17,20 lyase complex), a member of the cytochrome p450 family that catalyzes the 17alpha-hydroxylation of steroid intermediates involved in testosterone synthesis. Administration of this agent may suppress testosterone production by both the testes and the adrenals to castrate-range levels. 
Licorisoflavan A is a member of the class of hydroxyisoflavans that is the 7-O-methyl derivative of licoricidin. Isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis, it exhibits antibacterial activity. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. It derives from a licoricidin. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organofluorine compound that is uridine bearing a fluoro substituent at position 5 on the uracil ring. It has a role as a mutagen. It is an organofluorine compound and a member of uridines. 
A PHOSPHODIESTERASE TYPE-5 INHIBITOR; VASODILATOR AGENT and UROLOGICAL AGENT that is used in the treatment of ERECTILE DYSFUNCTION and PRIMARY PULMONARY HYPERTENSION. 
it is a member of the class of cyclopentanes that is cyclopentane substituted by a 1-methylbutyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a bluish-gray to dark blue powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an organosulfonate salt that is the tetrasodium salt of 3,3'-[(3,3'-dimethylbiphenyl-4,4'-diyl)didiazene-2,1-diyl]bis(5-amino-4-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid). It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome and a carcinogenic agent. It is an organosulfonate salt and an organic sodium salt. It contains a trypan blue(4-). Trypan Blue is an acid azo dye commonly used as a stain to distinguish viable from non-viable cells. It turns dead cells blue and viable cells unstained. It is a known animal carcinogen and an experimental teratogen. 
it is a withanolide that is 5,6:22,26-diepoxyergosta-2,24-diene-1,26-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 22 (the 4beta,5beta,6beta,22R stereoisomer). Isolated from Tubocapsicum anomalum and Withania somnifera, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a withanolide, an enone, a delta-lactone, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol, a 4-hydroxy steroid, a 20-hydroxy steroid, an ergostanoid and an epoxy steroid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as androgens and derivatives. These are 3-hydroxylated C19 steroid hormones. They are known to favor the development of masculine characteristics. They also show profound effects on scalp and body hair in humans. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue and testicle tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, androstanediol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a tartrate that is the hemitartrate salt of eliglustat. A ceramide glucosyltransferase inhibitor used (as its tartrate salt) for treatment of Gaucher's disease. It has a role as an EC 2.4.1.80 (ceramide glucosyltransferase) inhibitor. It contains an eliglustat(1+). 
it is an O-hydroxybutyryl-L-carnitine in which the acyl group is specified as 3-hydroxybutyryl. It is an O-hydroxybutyryl-L-carnitine and a hydroxy-fatty acyl-L-carnitine. It derives from a 3-hydroxybutyric acid. 
it appears as a white free-flowing odorless powder. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is an organochlorine compound that is diphenylmethane in which each of the phenyl groups is substituted by chlorines at positions 2, 3, and 5, and by a hydroxy group at position 6. An antiseptic that is effective against Gram-positive organisms, it is used in soaps and creams for the treatment of various skin disorders. It is also used in agriculture as an acaricide and fungicide, but is not approved for such use within the European Union. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, an acaricide, an antibacterial agent and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a polyphenol, a trichlorobenzene and a bridged diphenyl fungicide. it is a chlorinated bisphenol antiseptic agent with bacteriostatic activity. it is used topically in soaps, creams and dermatological preparations and is active against gram-positive organisms, but much less effective against gram-negative organisms. (NCI05) 
it is an oxo monocarboxylic acid that is benzophenone in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted by an amino group and a carboxymethyl group at position 2 and 3, respectively. The corresponding carboxamide, nepafenac, is a prodrug of it and is used for the treatment of pain and inflammation following cataract surgery. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antipyretic, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is an amino acid, an oxo monocarboxylic acid, a member of benzophenones, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a glycosyloxyflavone that consists of myricetin attached to a alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. Isolated from Myrica cerifera, it exhibits anti-allergic activity. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent, an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor, an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a pentahydroxyflavone, a glycosyloxyflavone, an alpha-L-rhamnoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a myricetin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a clear colorless viscous liquid. Generally a super-cooled liquid at room temperature but may occasionally solidify when held at low temperatures for prolonged periods. (NTP, 1992) 
it appears as a colorless liquid that turns brown on exposure to light. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. it is a member of the class of its that is methane in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by iodine. It has a role as a fumigant insecticide. It is a member of methyl halides and a member of its. 
it is a quinazoline compound having a (3-ethynylphenyl)amino group at the 4-position and two 2-methoxyethoxy groups at the 6- and 7-positions. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a protein kinase inhibitor and an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of quinazolines, a terminal acetylenic compound, an aromatic ether and a secondary amino compound. it is a quinazoline derivative with antineoplastic properties. Competing with adenosine triphosphate, it reversibly binds to the intracellular catalytic domain of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase, thereby reversibly inhibiting EGFR phosphorylation and blocking the signal transduction events and tumorigenic effects associated with EGFR activation. 
Mevalonic acid is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid comprising valeric acid having two hydroxy groups at the 3- and 5-positions together with a methyl group at the 3-position. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is zwitterionic form of it arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a it. 
it is a quinolone that is 8-hydroxyquinolin-2(1H)-one which carries a 2-{[6-(2,2-difluoro-2-phenylethoxy)hexyl]amino}-1-hydroxyethyl group at position 5. It is a long acting beta2-adrenoceptor agonist currently in development for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist. It is a quinolone, a secondary alcohol, a monohydroxyquinoline, a secondary amino compound, an ether and an organofluorine compound. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 3 and a methyl group at position 2. It has been isolated from Rubia yunnanensis. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antioxidant, a hepatoprotective agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of syringic acid with methanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a benzoate ester, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It derives from a syringic acid. 
it is an N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminide in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 4-nitrophenyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a C-nitro compound and a N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminide. It derives from a 4-nitrophenol. 
it is an organic chloride salt composed of 3,7-diaminophenothiazin-5-ium and chloride ions in a 1:1 ratio. A strongly metachromatic dye, useful for the staining of acid mucopolysaccharides. It is also a common nuclear stain and can be used for the demonstration of Nissl substance in nerve cells of the CNS. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It contains a ite cation. 
N-methyl-n&#39;-nitro-n-nitrosoguanidine appears as a yellow powder. Melting point 244Â°F. Decomposes above 212Â°F. A suspected carcinogen. Extremely hazardous as a mutagen. Avoid skin contact and inhalation of of vapors. Usually stored frozen (below 32Â°F) in polyethylene bottles that are tightly closed and contained in a metal can. May decomposed during prolonged storage and develop sufficient pressure in a closed container to explode. Keep away from heat, sparks, and open flame. it is an N-nitroguanidine compound having nitroso and methyl substituents at the N'-position It has a role as an alkylating agent. It derives from a nitroguanidine. 
The beta-2 adrenergic agonists are a large group of drugs that mimic the actions of naturally occurring catecholamines such as norepinephrine, epinephrine and dopamine. Direct agonists directly interact with the adrenergic receptors, whereas indirect agonists typically stimulate the release of endogenous catecholamines. The beta-2 adrenergic agonists act mainly on the smooth muscle of the vasculature, bronchial tree, intestines and uterus. These agents also act on the liver stimulating glycogenolysis and release of glucose from the liver and muscle (particularly if used in high doses). The beta-2 adrenergic agonists are used largely as bronchodilators in the management of asthma, both in control of acute symptomatic attacks as well as chronic, long term prevention and management. These agents are some of the most commonly prescribed drugs for asthma and are widely used and proven to be well tolerated and safe. The use of beta adrenergic agonists in asthma has not been associated with elevations in serum aminotransferase or alkaline phosphatase levels or in causing clinically apparent liver disease. When given in large doses or after intentional overdose, beta adrenergic agonists can cause liver injury. Most case reports of liver damage from these agents have been associated with their use in control of premature labor (for their effects on relaxation of uterine smooth muscle). The liver injury typically arises within a few days of starting high dose intravenous beta adrenergic agonists, is usually asymptomatic, not associated with jaundice, and rapidly reversed once the medication is stopped. 
it is an odorless white to off-white microcrystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the 17alpha-hydroxy group of medroxyprogesterone with the carboxy group of acetic acid. A widely used progestin in menopausal hormone therapy and in progestogen-only birth control. It has a role as a progestin, an androgen, a female contraceptive drug, a synthetic oral contraceptive, an adjuvant, an inhibitor, an antioxidant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a steroid ester, an acetate ester, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a corticosteroid. It derives from a medroxyprogesterone. it is a synthetic, acetate derivative of the sex hormone progesterone. it (NCI04) 
it is a epoxycarotenol that is capsanthin in which the 5,6-double bond has been epoxidised. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a carotenone and an epoxycarotenol. It derives from a capsanthin. 
it appears as white crystals or powder or gray-black powder (technical grade). Toxic by skin absorption through open wounds, by ingestion, and by inhalation. 
it is a colorless, glittering crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is a strong oxidizing material and may burst into flames on contact with organic materials. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as salicylic acid and derivatives. Salicylic acid and derivatives are compounds containing a 2-hydroxybenzoic acid moiety or a derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is the magnesium salt of acetic acid. It derives from an acetic acid. it is the acetate salt form of magnesium. Magnesium is a divalent cation essential for a number of biochemical processes involved in nerve signaling, bone mineralization and muscle contractions. About 350 enzymes involved in glycolysis and the Krebs cycle, formation of cyclic-AMP and ATP, cellular signal transduction and protein and nucleic acid synthesis are dependent on magnesium. 
it, [powdered] appears as a gray lustrous powder. Used in powder metallurgy and as a catalyst in chemical manufacture. it atom is an iron group element atom that has atomic number 26. It has a role as a micronutrient and an Escherichia coli metabolite. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 26, and atomic weight 55.85. 
it is a commercially available mixture of 5-carboxyfluorescein and 6-carboxyfluorescein isomers. A fluorescent dye, it is commonly used as a tracer agent. It has a role as a tracer and a fluorescent dye. It contains a 5-carboxyfluorescein and a 6-carboxyfluorescein. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweet odor. Flash point 85 - 100Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. it is an alkyl alcohol that is propan-1-ol substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and an alkyl alcohol. It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a pyrrole carrying methyl and acetyl substituents at the 1- and 2-positions respectively. It is a member of pyrroles, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acid esters. These are ester derivatives of alpha amino acids. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dicarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing exactly two carboxylic acid groups. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a peculiar odor. Slightly denser than water. Contact may irritate to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is the simplest member of the it class of compounds, comprising a benzene ring ortho fused to C-2 and C-3 of a pyridine ring. It is a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent, a member of its, an azaarene and an ortho-fused heteroarene. 
it is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 3-oxohexanoic acid substituted at position 6 by an acetamido group. It is a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of acetamides. It derives from a 3-oxohexanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-acetamido-3-oxohexanoate. 
The first mixed agonist-antagonist analgesic to be marketed. It is an agonist at the kappa and sigma opioid receptors and has a weak antagonist action at the mu receptor. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1991, p97) 
it is a it having a trans- double bond. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a it and an octadecenoate. It is a conjugate base of a trans-vaccenic acid. 
ite, also known as cÃ©fobis, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as peptides. Peptides are compounds containing an amide derived from two or more amino carboxylic acid molecules (the same or different) by formation of a covalent bond from the carbonyl carbon of one to the nitrogen atom of another. ite is a drug which is used for the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms. ite exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. ite has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, cefoperazone is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
Glycerol 1-(5-hydroxydodecanoate), also known as 2, 3-dihydroxypropyl 5-hydroxylaurate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Glycerol 1-(5-hydroxydodecanoate) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, glycerol 1-(5-hydroxydodecanoate) is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Glycerol 1-(5-hydroxydodecanoate) has a coconut, fresh, and fruity taste. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of 4-amino-1,3-dihydroxy-9,10-dioxo-9,10-dihydroanthracene-2-sulfonic acid. It forms bright red lakes with calcium and is a useful red nuclear staining lake with aluminum. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It contains a it(1-). 
it, also known as elatoside a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid that comprises of a propyl substituent on a pentanoic acid stem. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, a GABA agent, an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, a teratogenic agent, a psychotropic drug, a neuroprotective agent and an antimanic drug. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid and a branched-chain fatty acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a valproate. it is a synthetic derivative of propylpentanoic acid with antiepileptic properties and potential antineoplastic and antiangiogenesis activities. In epilepsy, it appears to act by increasing the concentration of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in the brain. This agent's antitumor and antiangiogenesis activities may be related to the inhibition of histone deacetylases and nitric oxide synthase, which results in the inhibition of nitric oxide synthesis. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acetyl-2-arylethylamines. N-acetyl-2-arylethylamines are compounds containing an acetamide group that is N-linked to an arylethylamine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
D-ribulose 5-phosphate(2-) is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion resulting from the removal of two protons from the phosphate group of D-ribulose 5-phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-ribulose 5-phosphate. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00992745 (A Phase I Pilot Study Comparing 123I MIP 1072 Versus 111In Capromab Pendetide in Subjects With Metastatic Prostate Cancer). 
Exposure to ethylene dibromide primarily occurs from its past use as an additive to leaded gasoline and as a fumigant. Ethylene dibromide is extremely toxic to humans. The chronic (long-term) effects of exposure to ethylene dibromide have not been well documented in humans. Animal studies indicate that chronic exposure to ethylene dibromide may result in toxic effects to the liver, kidney, and the testis, irrespective of the route of exposure. Limited data on men occupationally exposed to ethylene dibromide indicate that long-term exposure to ethylene dibromide can impair reproduction by damaging sperm cells in the testicles. Several animal studies indicate that long-term exposure to ethylene dibromideincreases the incidences of a variety of tumors in rats and mice in both sexes by all routes of exposure. EPA has classified ethylene dibromide as a Group B2, probable human carcinogen. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is antipyrine substituted by an acetylamino group at position 4. It is a drug metabolite of metamizole. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a member of pyrazoles and a member of acetamides. It derives from an antipyrine. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03724851 (it in Combination With Pembrolizumab in Metastatic Colorectal or Gastric Cancer). it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the serine/threonine kinase, transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta receptor type 1 (TGFBR1), also known as activin receptor-like kinase 5 (ALK5), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it inhibits the activity of TGFBR1 and prevents TGF-beta/TGFBR1-mediated signaling. This suppresses tumor growth in TGFBR1-overexpressing tumor cells. TGFBR1, which is overexpressed in a variety of tumor cell types, plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation. Expression of TGF-beta promotes tumor cell proliferation, enhances the migration of tumor cells and suppresses the response of the host immune system to tumor cells. 
A widely used non-cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist. Propranolol has been used for MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION; ARRHYTHMIA; ANGINA PECTORIS; HYPERTENSION; HYPERTHYROIDISM; MIGRAINE; PHEOCHROMOCYTOMA; and ANXIETY but adverse effects instigate replacement by newer drugs. 
it is a pyrrolopyrimidine that is 7-deazaguanine bearing an aminomethyl substituent at the 7 position. It is a conjugate base of a 7-ammoniomethyl-7-deazaguanine. 
it is a sulfonamide-based diuretic. it acts on the distal convoluted tubules. In addition, this agent has a weak inhibitory effect on carbonic anyydrase (CA). 
it is a it that is ethanesulfonic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl group. A Good's buffer substance, pKa = 7.55 at 20 â„ƒ. It is a it and an organosulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl]ethanesulfonate. It is a tautomer of a 2-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-4-ium-1-yl]ethanesulfonate. 
it is an alkylglycerol that is glycerol in which the hydrogen of one of the primary hydroxy groups has been replaced by a dodecyl group. It is an alkylglycerol and a glycol. It derives from a dodecan-1-ol. 
it is an isocyanate that consists of phenyl isocyanate bearing two additional methyl substituents at positions 2 and 3. It has a role as a hapten. 
it is a colorless, toxic, and highly reactive gas. At ambient temperatures, it is likely to generate a considerable amount of vapor. It is an irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes and is toxic by ingestion, skin absorption, and inhalation. When heated to high temperatures it emits toxic fluoride fumes. Prolonged exposure of the container to fire or intense heat may cause it to violently rupture and rocket. It is used in the production of other chemicals. it is a ketone that is acetone in which all the methyl hydrogens are replaced by fluoro groups. It is a ketone and a perfluorinated compound. 
1-hydroxymidazolam beta-D-glucuronide is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid that is beta-D-glucuronic acid in which the anomeric hydroxyl hydrogen has been replaced by a 8-chloro-6-(2-fluorophenyl)-1-methyl-4H-imidazo[1,5-a][1,4]benzodiazepin-4-yl group. It is the glucuronidated conjugate of the midazolam metabolite, 1-hydroxymidazolam. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a monosaccharide derivative, an imidazobenzodiazepine, a member of monofluorobenzenes and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a 1-hydroxymidazolam. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dengue and Hepatitis C, Chronic. it is an orally administered prodrug with activity against the hepatitis C virus (HCV). it is a tri-isobutyrate ester prodrug of R1479, a nucleoside analogue inhibitor of HCV RNA-dependent RNA polymerase. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid which is substituted at positions 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 by carbamoyl, hydroxy, E)-prop-1-en-1-yl, methyl, and methoxy groups, respectively. Obtained from solid-state fermentation of Aspergillus niger CFR-W-105, it inhibits soy bean lipoxygenase-1 (LOX-1) and rat lens aldose reductase (RLAR). It also shows free radical scavenging activity. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite, an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, an antioxidant and a radical scavenger. It is a member of benzoic acids, a member of benzamides, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a member of styrenes. 
it is an aldosterone antagonist with potassium-sparing diuretic activity. it specifically antagonizes aldosterone at the mineralocorticoid receptor in the kidneys, thereby increasing sodium excretion and inhibiting potassium excretion. it is the primary active metabolite of both spironolactone and canreonate potassium. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-alanine with the alpha-amino group of L-lysine. It has a role as a marine metabolite. 
it is a sulfonamide resulting from the formal condensation of the sulfonic acid group of 2-oxo-1,2-dihydroquinoline-6-sulfonic acid with the primary amino group of (2R)-2-amino-N-(2-furylmethyl)-2-(2-methoxyphenyl)-N-(2-thienylmethyl)acetamide. it is a cell permeable inhibitor of O-linked beta-N-acetylglucosamine transferase (O-GlcNAc transferase, OGT). It has a role as an EC 2.* (transferase) inhibitor and an EC 2.4.1.255 (protein O-GlcNAc transferase) inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, a member of quinolines, a member of furans, a member of thiophenes, an aromatic ether and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is pentanedioic acid with two methyl groups substituted at position C-2. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a polycyclic cage that is hexaazaisowurtzitane in which all six amino hydrogens are replaced by nitro groups. It has a role as an explosive. It is a N-nitro compound and a polycyclic cage. 
it appears as light tan crystalline solid or tan powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an imidazoquinoline that is 3H-imidazo[4,5-f]quinoline substituted by a methyl group at position 3 and an amino group at position 2. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. 
it is octaanion of 1D-myo-inositol 1,4,5,6-tetrakisphosphate arising from global deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 1D-myo-inositol 1,4,5,6-tetrakisphosphate. 
it is an aryl phosphate resulting from the formal condensation of phosphonic acid with 1 mol eq. each of phenol and 4-nitrophenol. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It derives from a phenol and a 4-nitrophenol. 
Crystals with a pungent odor. Insoluble in water. Used as a preservative in latex paint, adhesives, etc. it is an organobromine compound that consists of pentanedinitrile bearing bromo and bromomethyl substituents at position 2. It has a role as an allergen and a sensitiser. It is an organobromine compound and an aliphatic nitrile. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumor, COLON CANCER, BREAST CANCER, Advanced Cancer, and Rhabdomyosarcoma, among others. it is an orally bioavailable small molecule antagonist of the Hedgehog (Hh)-ligand cell surface receptor smoothened (Smo) with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits signaling that is mediated by the Hh pathway protein Smo, which may result in a suppression of the Hh signaling pathway and may lead to the inhibition of the proliferation of tumor cells in which this pathway is abnormally activated. The Hh signaling pathway plays an important role in cellular growth, differentiation and repair; constitutive activation of this pathway is associated with uncontrolled cellular proliferation and has been observed in a variety of cancers. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tumors, Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Solid Tumours, and Myeloid Leukemia, among others. it is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule, dihydrogen phosphate prodrug of the pyrazoloquinazoline Aurora kinase inhibitor it-hydroxyquinazoline pyrazol anilide (it-HQPA) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration and rapid conversion from the prodrug form in plasma, it-HQPA specifically binds to and inhibits Aurora kinase B, which results in the disruption of spindle checkpoint functions and chromosome alignment and, so, the disruption of chromosome segregation and cytokinesis. Consequently, cell division and cell proliferation are inhibited and apoptosis is induced in Aurora kinase B-overexpressing tumor cells. Aurora kinase B, a serine/threonine protein kinase that functions in the attachment of the mitotic spindle to the centromere, is overexpressed in a wide variety of cancer cell types. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is urea in which one of the nitrogens has been substituted by a 4-ethoxy-6-(methylamino)-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl group, while the other has been substituted by a (2-carboxyphenyl)sulfonyl group. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a N-sulfonylurea, a member of benzoic acids, an aromatic ether and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a penicillin that is 6-aminopenicillanic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 3-(2,6-dichlorophenyl)-5-methyl-1,2-oxazol-4-yl]formyl group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a broad-spectrum, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam, penicillin antibiotic with bactericidal and beta-lactamase resistant activity. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. It also inhibits the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan, a critical component of bacterial cell walls. This leads to the inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis and eventually causes cell lysis. 
1-(2-Furyl)butan-3-one, also known as 4-(2-furanyl)-2-butanone or 3-butanone, 1-(2-furanyl), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 1-(2-Furyl)butan-3-one is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-(2-furyl)butan-3-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-(2-Furyl)butan-3-one has a caramel and spicy taste. 
it is a 3,4'-bipyridine substituted at positions 5 and 6 by an amino group and a keto function respectively. A pyridine phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor, it is a drug that may improve the prognosis in patients with congestive heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor. it is a synthetic bipyridine phosphodiesterase inhibitor with inotropic and vasodilator properties. it inhibits type III phosphodiesterase, which is abundant in cardiac and vascular tissues, thereby preventing the degradation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and increasing intracellular concentrations of this secondary messenger. Elevated levels of cAMP increase the contractile force of the cardiac muscle and produce positive inotropic effects. Although the mechanism of action is not fully understood, it causes smooth muscle relaxation, resulting in peripheral vasodilation (reduced afterload) and a decreased pulmonary vascular resistance (reduced preload). 
it is a long-chain fatty alcohol that is tetradecan-1-ol bearing a methyl substituent at position 13. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a fatty alcohol 15:0. 
it is a myo-inositol monophosphate in which the phosphate group is located at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, balsam, and fir taste. 
it is an organic compound or a salt formed between triethanolamine and salicylic acid. Triethanolamine neutralizes the acidity of the salicylic acid. It is a topical analgesic used for temporary relief of minor pain associated with arthritis, simple backache, muscle strains, sprains, and bruises. Unlike other topical analgesics, it has no distinct odor which improves patient acceptability. It also displays low systemic absorption upon dermal or topical administration and has low skin irritant properties. As with other salicylates, it is an inhibitor of cyclo-oxygenase (COX) enzymes with no reported selectivity towards a specific enzyme isoform. it serves as an active ingredient in topical over-the-counter products for temporary management of mild to moderate muscular and joint pains. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01826266 (Effects of a Double-Blind, Single Dose of PER977 Administered Alone, and Following a Single Dose of Edoxaban). 
it is a primary arylamine that is aniline in which the hydrogens at the 2- and 5-positions are replaced by methyl groups. It is used in the manufacture of dyes and other chemicals. It is a dimethylaniline and a primary arylamine. 
, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavones. These are flavonoids with a structure based on the backbone of 2-phenylchromen-4-one (2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one). Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Asbestos is a slender, fine, flaxy fiber. Long term occupational exposure to the dust can result in lung cancer. Asbestos is resistant to fire and most solvents. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used as a heat resistant material, in cement, furnace bricks, and brake linings. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of dexverapamil and hydrogen chloride. It competitively inhibits the multidrug resistance efflux pump P-glycoprotein (MDR-1, EC 3.6.3.44), thereby potentially increasing the effectiveness of a wide range of antineoplastic drugs which are inactivated by MDR-1 mechanisms. it exhibits lower calcium antagonistic activity and toxicity than racemic verapamil hydrochloride. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.44 (xenobiotic-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It contains a dexverapamil(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-verapamil hydrochloride. it is the R-enantiomer of the calcium channel blocker verapamil. Dexverapamil competitively inhibits the multidrug resistance efflux pump P-glycoprotein (MDR-1), thereby potentially increasing the effectiveness of a wide range of antineoplastic drugs which are inactivated by MDR-1 mechanisms. This agent exhibits decreased calcium antagonistic activity and toxicity compared to racemic verapamil. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of 6-aminopurines that is adenine carrying a (furan-2-ylmethyl) substituent at the exocyclic amino group. It is a member of furans and a member of 6-aminopurines. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-proline and L-serine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-proline and a L-serine. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point below 70Â°F. Less dense than water. May be toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Used as a solvent. 
it is a yellow crystalline solid, which is sometimes shipped as a solution in hydrobromic acid. It is decomposed by water giving an antimony oxide and hydrobromic acid. It is corrosive to tissue. It is used to make other antimony compounds, in chemical analysis, and in dyeing. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02819024 (Dexamethasone Effects in Patients With Refractory Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Using FLT Positron Emission Tomography). it is a radioconjugate consisting of a thymidine analogue radiolabeled with fluorine F 18, a positron emitting isotope. Phosphorylated by S-phase-specific thymidine kinase 1, 3'-deoxy-3'-[18F]fluorothymidine (it) is trapped intracellularly by entering the salvage pathway of DNA synthesis without incorporation into DNA. it serves a marker of tumor cell proliferation for imaging with positron emission tomography (PET); as a marker of proliferation rather than metabolism, it is more specific to tumor tissue than 2-deoxy-2-[18F] fluoro-D-glucose (18F-FDG). This agent is metabolically stable, accumulates in the normal bone marrow and the liver, and does not cross the blood-brain barrier. 
it is a phenylethylamine that is ethylamine substituted by a phenyl group at position 1. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is a diether consisting of pentane-1,5-diol in which both hydroxyl hydrogens have been replaced by 4-amidinophenyl groups. A trypanocidal drug that is used for treatment of cutaneous leishmaniasis and Chagas disease. It has a role as a trypanocidal drug, an antifungal agent, a NMDA receptor antagonist, an anti-inflammatory agent, a chemokine receptor 5 antagonist, an EC 2.3.1.48 (histone acetyltransferase) inhibitor, a calmodulin antagonist, a S100 calcium-binding protein B inhibitor and a xenobiotic. It is a carboxamidine, a diether and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate base of a itium(2+). it is a synthetic derivative of amidine with antiprotozoal and antifungal activities. Although the precise mode of action of it is unclear, it appears to interact directly with the pathogen genome by binding to AT-rich regions of duplex DNA and the minor groove of DNA, thereby interfering with DNA replication. (NCI04) 
it is a reversible metabolite of taurolidine and an amino acid taurine derivative, with antibacterial and antineoplastic activity. it, like its congener taurolidine, inhibits proliferation of microvascular endothelial cells, although to a lesser extent, by selectively inhibiting the adhesion of endothelial cells to laminin but not to collagen I and fibronectin. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point 20Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Inhalation of high concentrations may have a narcotic effect. Used to make other chemicals. it is a cycloalkene that is cylohexane with a single double bond. 
3-(4-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-5-yl)propanoic acid is an imidazol-4-one having a 2-carboxyethyl substituent at the 5-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an imidazolone and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-(2-carboxylatoethyl)-4-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-5-ide and a 3-(4-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-5-yl)propanoate(1-). 
it, also known as iso-propyl iso-valerate or 1-methylethyl 3-methylbutanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isopropyl 3-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an apple, fruity, and pineapple taste. 
it is a clear colorless to light yellow liquid. Practically odorless. Floats on water. (NTP, 1992) it is a phthalate ester that is the dipentyl ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as a plasticiser. It is a phthalate ester and a diester. It derives from a pentan-1-ol. 
it is a member of the class of cyclohexanones in which one of the hydrogens at position 2 is substituted by a 2-chlorophenyl group, while the other is substituted by a methylamino group. It has a role as an intravenous anaesthetic, a NMDA receptor antagonist, an analgesic, a neurotoxin, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of cyclohexanones, a secondary amino compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a cyclohexanone derivative with analgesic and anesthetic properties. Although its mechanism of action is not well understood, it appears exerts complex pharmacological actions including inhibition of biogenic amine uptake, binding to opioid receptors, and inhibition of N-methyl D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors. Because of the involvement of spinal NMDA receptors in the process of central sensitization, this agent may reduce pain perception and induce sedation. 
it is an alkaloid enamide that is (2E,4E)-N-(2-methylpropyl)nona-2,4-dienamide substituted at position 9 by a 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl group. Isolated from Piper sarmentosum, it has been found to induce apoptosis in HT-29 cells. It has a role as a metabolite, an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is an alkaloid, an enamide, a member of benzodioxoles and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a 2-methylpropanamine. 
Radon is a naturally occurring radioactive gas that is odorless and tasteless. It is formed from the radioactive decay of uranium. Uranium is found in small amounts in most rocks and soil. It slowly breaks down to other products such as radium, which breaks down to radon. Radon also undergoes radioactive decay. It divides into two parts-one part is called radiation, and the other part is called a daughter. The daughter, like radon, is not stable, and it also divides into radiation and another daughter. The dividing of daughters continues until a stable, nonradioactive daughter is formed. During the decay process, alpha, beta, and gamma radiation are released. Alpha particles can travel only a short distance and cannot travel through your skin. Beta particles can penetrate through your skin, but they cannot go all the way through your body. Gamma radiation can go all the way through your body. Radon is no longer used in the treatment of various diseases including cancer, arthritis, diabetes, and ulcers. Radon is used to predict earthquakes, in the study of atmospheric transport, and in exploration for petroleum and uranium. 
Fluticasone is a synthetic trifluorinated glucocorticoid receptor agonist with antiallergic, antiinflammatory and antipruritic effects. Fluticasone binds and activates glucocorticoid receptor, resulting in the activation of lipocortin. Lipocortin, in turn, inhibits cytosolic phospholipase A2, which triggers a cascade of reactions involved in the synthesis of inflammatory mediators, such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Secondly, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase 1 is induced, thereby leads to dephosphorylation and inactivation of Jun N-terminal kinase directly inhibiting c-Jun mediated transcription. Finally, transcriptional activity of nuclear factor (NF)-kappa-B is blocked, thereby inhibits the transcription of cyclooxygenase 2, which is essential for prostaglandin production. 
it is a light yellow powder or granular solid. It is insoluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used as a pigment, a protective coating against corrosion, and in pyrotechnics. it is a yellowish, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic chromium fumes upon heating. it is highly corrosive and is a strong oxidizing agent. This substance is used as a colorant in polyvinyl chloride, in pyrotechnics, in chrome plating, in aluminum flake coatings, and as a corrosion inhibitor and metal conditioner. it primarily affects the lungs causing shortness of breath, bronchitis, pneumonia and asthma but can also affect the gastrointestinal tract, liver, kidneys and immune system. This substance is a known human carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer and cancer of the sinonasal cavity. (NCI05) 
it is the simplest member of the class of pyridin-4-ones, that is 1,4-dihydropyridine in which the hydrogens at position 4 have been replaced by an oxo group. It is a tautomer of a it. 
it(1-) is a boron fluoride. It is a conjugate base of a tetrafluoroboric acid. It derives from a hydride of a borohydride. 
it, also known as fema 2171, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bisphenols. These are methylenediphenols, HOC6H4CH2C6H4OH, commonly p, p-methylenediphenol, and their substitution products (generally derived from condensation of two equivalent amounts of a phenol with an aldehyde or ketone). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a butter, fatty, and oily tasting compound that can be found in milk and milk products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-glutamic acid, L-leucine, L-phenylalanine and L-alanine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid, a L-leucine, a L-phenylalanine and a L-alanine. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of raptor-mTOR (TOR complex 1 or TORC1) and rictor-mTOR (TOR complex 2 or TORC2) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits both TORC1 and TORC2 complexes of mTOR, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis and a decrease in tumor cell proliferation. TORC1 and 2 are upregulated in some tumors and play an important role in the PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway, which is frequently dysregulated in human cancers. 
it is an N-glycosyl compound that is cytosine in which the proton at position 1 is replaced by a beta-D-glucuronosyl residue. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a N-glycosyl compound, a nucleobase-containing molecular entity, a carbohydrate acid derivative and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a cytosine and a beta-D-glucuronic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a cytosylglucuronate. 
it is an orally available 21-substituted-19-nor-progestin and selective progesterone receptor modulator (SPRM), with potential anti-progesterone and antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, it competitively binds to the progesterone receptor (PR) in progesterone-responsive tissue and inhibits PR-mediated gene expression. This interferes with progesterone activity in the reproductive system. As a result, this agent may suppress ovulation and inhibit proliferation of endometrial tissue. Also, this agent may prevent cell growth and induce apoptosis in estrogen receptor (ER) and PR-positive breast cancer cells through a reduction in progesterone levels, ER downregulation and a suppression of the expression of cyclin-dependent kinases (CDK) 2 and 4, ultimately leading to G1/S cell cycle arrest. Unlike some other SPRMs, this agent does not exert any estrogenic, androgenic, anti-estrogenic, and anti-androgenic activities. 
it is the amino dicarboxylic acid that is heptanedioic acid with amino substituents at C-2 and C-6. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a pimelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,6-diaminopimelate(2-). 
it is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound that is a 21-membered macrocyclic lactam substituted by a ({1-[(cyclohex-1-en-1-ylcarbonyl)amino]cyclopropyl}carbonyl)oxy group at position 18. It is isolated from Streptomyces sp. TC-1190 and exhibits growth inhibitory effects on a series of human tumour cell lines. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is an ether, a lactam, a macrocycle, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound, a member of phenols, a secondary alcohol and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. 
it is an antimetabolite and a chlorine derivative of the purine nucleoside adenosine, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, 8-chloro-adenosine is phosphorylated to form 8-chloro-adenosine triphosphate (8-chloro-ATP), which functions as a ribonucleoside analogue and competes with ATP during transcription. Therefore, this agent causes RNA synthesis inhibition, inhibits cellular proliferation, and induces apoptosis. 
it, also known as Î´-dodecalactone or (+/-)-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, herbs and spices, and milk and milk products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a L-threonine derivative phosphorylated at the side-chain hydroxy function. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a L-threonine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and an O-phosphoamino acid. It is a conjugate acid of an O-phosphonato-L-threonine(2-). 
it is an oligopeptide consisting of N-(pyrazin-2-ylcarbonyl)cyclohexylalanyl, 3-methylvalyl, octahydrocyclopenta[c]pyrrole-1-carboxy, and 3-amino-N-cyclopropyl-2-oxohexanamide residues joined in sequence. Used for treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 infection. It has a role as a peptidomimetic, a hepatitis C protease inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It is an oligopeptide, a member of pyrazines, a cyclopentapyrrole and a member of cyclopropanes. it is an orally available peptidomimetic small molecule with activity against hepatitis C virus (HCV). Telaprivir is a selective protease inhibitor that targets the viral HCV NS3-4A serine protease and disrupts processing of viral proteins and formation of a viral replication complex. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound and sesquiterpene that is 1,2,3,3a,4,5,6,7-octahydroazulene which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 8 and by a (prop-1-en-2-yl group at position 5 (the 3S,3aS,5R enantiomer). It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is an amino acid amide that is L-methionine in which the carboxy OH group is replaced by NH2. It is an amino acid amide and a L-methionine derivative. 
it is a prenylglycerol phosphate that consists of 1-phosphoglycerol having a heptaprenyl group attached at position 3. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of propanals that is propanal substituted by two methyl groups at position 2. It is a member of propanals and a 2-methyl-branched fatty aldehyde. 
it is the olamine salt form of ciclopirox, a synthetic, broad-spectrum antifungal agent with additional antibacterial and anti-inflammatory activities. Ciclopirox exerts its action by binding to and chelating trivalent cations, such as Fe3+ and Al3+, thereby inhibiting the availability of essential co-factors for enzymes. This may lead to a loss of activity of enzymes that are essential for cellular metabolism, organization of cell wall structure and other crucial cell functions. In addition, ciclopirox exerts its anti-inflammatory activity by inhibiting 5-lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase (COX). 
it is a pseudodisaccharide, 1D-myo-inosityl-alpha-D-glucopyranoside, in which the hydroxy group at the 2-position of the glucose moiety is replaced by an (N-acetyl-L-cysteinyl)amido group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a reducing agent and a cofactor. It is a 2-deoxy-alpha-D-glucoside, a thiol and a member of its. It derives from a myo-inositol. 
it, also known as fema 2461, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a clean, cognac, and creamy tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 5-oxo-2-furylacetic acid having the C=C double bond at the 3,4-position. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-oxo-2,5-dihydro-2-furylacetate. 
it is a fatty alcohol that is 1-dodecanol substituted by methyl groups at positions 3, 7 and 11. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is an alkyl alcohol, a fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an agreeable odor. Toxic by inhalation and by skin absorption. It is slightly soluble in water and denser than water (density 1.44 g / cm3 (Aldrich)). A lachrymator. Corrosive to metals and tissue. it is a member of the class of its that is toluene substituted on the alpha-carbon with bromine. It has a role as a lachrymator. 
it is a naphthoic acid that is 6-phenylnaphthylene-2-carboxyic acid in which the phenyl substituent has been substituted at positions 3 and 4 by adamant-1-yl and hydroxy groups, respectively. It acts as a selective agonist of retinoic acid receptor (RAR)gamma and induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in various cancer cells. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and a retinoic acid receptor gamma agonist. It is a member of adamantanes, a monocarboxylic acid, a naphthoic acid and a member of phenols. 
Grayish-white, lustrous, brittle, crystalline solid; dark-gray to brown, amorphous powder with metallic characteristics. Used as a coloring agent in chinaware, porcelains, enamels, glass; producing black finish on silverware; semiconductor devices and research; manufacturing special alloys of marked electrical resistance. Improves mechanical properties of lead; powerful carbide stabilizer in cast iron, it vapor in \ it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 52, and atomic weight 127.6. 
it is a it in which the anomeric centre of the apiose fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
A cellulose derivative which is a beta-(1,4)-D-glucopyranose polymer. It is used as a bulk laxative and as an emulsifier and thickener in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals and as a stabilizer for reagents. 
it is trianion of 2-phosphoglycolic acid arising from deprotonation of the carboxy and phosphate groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2-phosphoglycolic acid. 
it is an organic sodium salt which is the disodium salt of dexamethasone phosphate. It has a role as a glucocorticoid receptor agonist. It contains a dexamethasone phosphate(2-). it is a sodium phosphate salt form of Dexamethasone, a synthetic adrenal corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory properties. In addition to binding to specific nuclear steroid receptors, dexamethasone also interferes with NF-kB activation and apoptotic pathways. This agent lacks the salt-retaining properties of other related adrenal hormones. (NCI04) 
it is a sulfonamide compound having a 4-hydroxylaminophenyl group attached to the sulfur atom and a 1,2-oxazol-3-yl group attached to the nitrogen atom. It has a role as a metabolite and an allergen. It is a sulfonamide and a member of isoxazoles. It derives from a sulfamethoxazole and a sulfanilamide. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is salicylic acid in which the phenolic hydrogen is replaced by a D-glucosyl residue. It is a D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of benzoic acids. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is the 4'-hydroxylated metabolite of diclofenac. It has a role as a drug metabolite and an allergen. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a dichlorobenzene, a secondary amino compound and a member of phenols. It derives from a diclofenac. 
2-Methyl-(3 or 5 or 6)-(methylthio)pyrazine (mixture OF isomers), also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 2-Methyl-(3 or 5 or 6)-(methylthio)pyrazine (mixture OF isomers) is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methyl-(3 or 5 or 6)-(methylthio)pyrazine (mixture OF isomers) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Methyl-(3 or 5 or 6)-(methylthio)pyrazine (mixture OF isomers) is an almond, meat, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-methyl-(3 or 5 or 6)-(methylthio)pyrazine (mixture OF isomers) a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a white powder. It is noncombustible. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used to bleach wood pulp, textiles, and other naturally occurring materials. 
Small colorless needle-like crystalline solid. Slightly soluble in hot water. Slightly denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Sublimes before melting when heated. May be toxic by ingestion. it is a polycyclic heteroarene that is anthracene in which one of the central CH groups is replaced by a nitrogen atom. It has a role as a genotoxin. It is a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent, a polycyclic heteroarene and a member of its. 
it, also known as fema 2703 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, fruity, and fungal tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as cocoa and cocoa products, potato, tamarind, and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a furopyran and lactone that is (2H-pyran-3(6H)-ylidene)acetic acid which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 4 and in which the hydroxy group at position 4 has condensed with the carboxy group to give the corresponding bicyclic lactone. A mycotoxin produced by several species of Aspergillus and Penicillium, it has antibiotic properties but has been shown to be carcinogenic and mutagenic. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a mycotoxin, a carcinogenic agent, a mutagen, a Penicillium metabolite and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a furopyran, a lactol and a gamma-lactone. 
it, also known as falcarintriol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty alcohols. These are fatty alcohols that have an aliphatic tail of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an odorless white to cream colored crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a methyl ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an indole alkaloid. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent. It derives from a hydride of a yohimban. 
it is a bis(azo) compound that is 2-naphthol substituted at position 1 by a {2-methyl-4-[(2-methylphenyl)diazenyl]phenyl}diazenyl group. A fat-soluble dye predominantly used for demonstrating triglycerides in frozen sections, but which may also stain some protein bound lipids in paraffin sections. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome and a carcinogenic agent. It is a bis(azo) compound, a member of naphthols and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
Hyoscyamine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
Bruceine D is a quassinoid that is 13,20-epoxypicras-3-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 11, 12, 14 and 15 and oxo groups at positions 2 and 16. Isolated from the ethanol extract of the stem of Brucea mollis, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a delta-lactone, a pentol, a quassinoid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a picrasane. 
it is an amino- bisphosphonate with anti-resorptive and anti-hypercalcemic activities. it binds to and adsorbs onto hydroxyapatite crystals in the bone matrix, thereby preventing osteoclast resorption. This agent also binds to and inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, an enzyme that plays an important role in the mevalonate pathway. This inhibits the formation of isoprenoid metabolites that are substrates for protein prenylation. This prevents farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of proteins essential for osteoclast function, leading to the induction of apoptosis of osteoclasts. By preventing osteoclast-mediated bone resorption, it decreases bone turnover rate, stabilizes the bone matrix and reduces hypercalcemia. 
it, also known as albacarcin m or chrysomycin b, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-acetoxydihydrotheaespirane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a C-nitro compound that is m-xylene bearing three nitro substituents at positions 2, 4 and 6. It has a role as an explosive. It derives from a 1,3,5-trinitrobenzene and a m-xylene. 
it is a secondary carboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of acetic acid with the amino group of dopamine. A dopamine metabolite. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a secondary carboxamide, a member of acetamides and a member of catechols. It derives from a dopamine. 
it is the sodium salt form of epoprostenol, a synthetic prostacyclin, a member of the family of prostaglandins, with vasodilatory and anticoagulant activity. it directly simulates prostaglandin receptors in arterial vascular smooth muscle, thereby causing vasodilatation. This agent also inhibits platelet aggregation by antagonizing platelet glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa receptors, thereby preventing thrombus formation. 
it is the monohydrate form of entecavir. A synthetic analogue of 2'-deoxyguanosine, entecavir is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor with selective antiviral activity against hepatitis B virus. It is phosphorylated intracellularly to the active triphosphate form, which competes with deoxyguanosine triphosphate, the natural substrate of hepatitis B virus reverse transcriptase, inhibiting every stage of the enzyme's activity, although it has no activity against HIV. Enteclavir is used for the treatment of chronic hepatitis B. It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.49 (RNA-directed DNA polymerase) inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It contains an entecavir (anhydrous). Entecavir is a synthetic analog of 2-deoxyguanosine with antiviral activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV). Entecavir is activated in vivo to a 5-triphosphate metabolite. In turn, the triphosphate form competes with the natural substrate deoxyguanosine triphosphate (dGTP) for incorporation into viral DNA. The incorporation of the activated triphosphate metabolite of entecavir inhibits the reverse transcriptase (RT) viral RNA-dependent HBV DNA polymerase and, so, the replication of viral DNA and transcription. 
Oleandomycin is a macrolide antibiotic similar to erythromycin with antimicrobial activity. Oleandomycin targets and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes. This prevents translocation of peptidyl tRNA leading to an inhibition of protein synthesis. 
it is a dipeptide that is the prodrug for itat, the active metabolite obtained by hydrolysis of the ethyl ester group. An angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor, used to treat high blood pressure and congestive heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, a prodrug, a cardioprotective agent, a matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor and a bradykinin receptor B2 agonist. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an azabicycloalkane, a cyclopentapyrrole, a dipeptide and an ethyl ester. it is a prodrug and nonsulfhydryl angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it is converted in the liver by de-esterification into its active form itat, which inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This abolishes the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and leads to vasodilatation. This agent also causes an increase in bradykinin levels and a decrease in angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, thereby promoting diuresis and natriuresis. 
it is a meroterpenoid found in Penicillium rubrum. It has been shown to exhibit inhibitory activity against caspase-1. It has a role as a cysteine protease inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a cyclic terpene ketone, a meroterpenoid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a terpene lactone, a tertiary alcohol, a methyl ester, a beta-diketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is an antimetabolite analogue of aminopterin with potential antineoplastic activity. As a folate antagonist, it binds to and inhibits the function of dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in the inhibition of folate metabolism, DNA synthesis, and cell division. Hydrosoluble, it is actively transported into cells by the reduced folate carrier (RFC) and, therefore, is unlikely to be associated with P-glycoprotein-mediated multidrug resistance. 
A specific complex of toxic proteins from the venom of Crotalus durissus terrificus (South American rattlesnake). It can be separated into a phospholipase A and crotapotin fragment; the latter consists of three different amino acid chains, potentiates the enzyme, and is specifically neurotoxic. 
it is an L-cysteine thioether that is L-cysteine in which the hydrogen of the thiol group is substituted by a 2,3-bis(palmitoyloxy)propyl group. It has a role as a Toll-like receptor 2 agonist and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a binaphthopyran resulting from the formal oxidative coupling at position 9 of two molecules of 5,6,8-trihydroxy-2-methyl-4H-naphtho[2,3-b]pyran-4-one. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a benzochromenone, a member of phenols, a naphtho-gamma-pyrone and a binaphthopyran. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a 1,3-thiazole that is butan-2-ol which is substituted at positions 1, 2, and 3 by 1,2,4-triazol-1-yl, 2,5-difluorophenyl, and 4-(p-cyanophenyl)-1,3-thiazol-2-yl groups, respectively. It is an antifungal drug used for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and invasive mucormycosis. It has a role as an ergosterol biosynthesis inhibitor, an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an orphan drug. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a nitrile, a difluorobenzene, a tertiary alcohol, a triazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. it is a water-soluble triazole prodrug with broad-spectrum antifungal activity. it is absorbed easily, given either orally or intravenously, and is hydrolyzed to its active moiety BAL4815 by plasma esterases. BAL4815 inhibits fungal cytochrome P450 lanosterol 14-alpha-demethylase (CYP51) that catalyzes the conversion of lanosterol to ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell membrane. Enzyme inhibition by this agent leads to a decrease in ergosterol pool and therefore disturbs synthesis of fungal cell membrane, thereby increasing cell membrane permeability and promoting loss of essential intracellular elements. This ultimately causes fungal cell lysis and death. 
it is dianion of 4-CDP-2-C-methyl-D-erythritol arising from deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 4-CDP-2-C-methyl-D-erythritol. 
it is an oxysterol that is cholesterol substituted at position 26 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor. It is a 26-hydroxy steroid, an oxysterol and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It derives from a cholesterol. 
it is a naturally occurring silvery-white radioactive metal that can exist in several forms called isotopes. it is formed when uranium and thorium break down in the environment. Uranium and thorium are found in small amounts in most rocks and soil. Two of the main radium isotopes found in the environment are radium-226 and radium-228. it undergoes radioactive decay. It divides into two parts-one part is called radiation and the other part is called a daughter. The daughter, like radium, is not stable, and it also divides into radiation and another daughter. The dividing of daughters continues until a stable, nonradioactive daughter is formed. During the decay process, alpha, beta, and gamma radiation are released. Alpha particles can travel only a short distance and cannot travel through your skin. Beta particles can penetrate through your skin, but they cannot go all the way through your body. Gamma radiation can go all the way through your body. it has been used as a radiation source for treating cancer, in radiography of metals, and combined with other metals as a neutron source for research and radiation instrument calibration. Until the 1960s, radium was a component of the luminous paints used for watch and clock dials, intrument panels in airplanes, military instruments, and compasses. 
it is a synthetic, phenolic hydroxyl retinoid with proapoptotic activity. As an atypical retinoid, it has the ability to induce apoptosis which is independent of retinoid receptor signaling. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-hydroxypalmitic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid anion 16:0 and a long-chain fatty acid anion. It derives from a hexadecanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxyhexadecanoic acid. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fungal metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxyphenylacetate. 
it is a yellow to dark brown very viscous liquid with no distinct odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a pale yellow, oily liquid nitrosamine with a characteristic odor that is light sensitive and emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides when heated to decomposition. N-Nitrosodi-n-butylamine is primarily used in laboratory research to induce tumors in experimental animals, but is also used as an intermediate in the synthesis of di-n-butylhydrazine. This substance is detected in various foods, including smoked meats, cheese and soybean oil, as a result of nitrosation of amines that are present in these products and is detected as a contaminant in rubber products. Exposure to N-Nitrosodi-n-butylamine irritates the skin and eyes and may damage the liver and kidneys. This substance is mutagenic in animals and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
2', 3'-Dideoxyadenosine-5-triphosphate, also known as 2', 3'-dideoxy-atp, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleoside triphosphates. These are purine nucleotides with triphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety lacking a hydroxyl group at positions 2 and 3. 2', 3'-Dideoxyadenosine-5-triphosphate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2', 3'-Dideoxyadenosine-5-triphosphate has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 2', 3'-dideoxyadenosine-5-triphosphate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, 2', 3'-dideoxyadenosine-5-triphosphate is involved in the didanosine action pathway. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is octadecane in which both terminal methyl groups have been replaced by carboxy groups. It is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid and an octadecane. It is a conjugate acid of an octadecanedioate and an it anion. 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax ginseng and Panax japonicus var. major that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy group at position 3 has been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranosyl-beta-D-glucopyranoside, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a glycoside. It derives from a (20S)-protopanaxadiol. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
it is an organic nitrogen anion that is the conjugate base of 1H-imidazole. It is a conjugate base of a 1H-imidazole. 
A cyclic nonadecapeptide antibiotic that can act as an ionophore and is produced by strains of Trichoderma viride. (From Singleton and Sainsbury, Dictionary of Microbiology and Molecular Biology, 2d ed) 
it (or it) is a colorless gas which is flammable in the ranges of 5.5 to 21%. It is toxic by inhalation and contact. It is slightly soluble in water and soluble in alcohol and ether. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
ent-8(14), 15-Pimaradiene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. ent-8(14), 15-Pimaradiene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ent-8(14), 15-pimaradiene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ent-8(14), 15-pimaradiene can be found in fruits. This makes ent-8(14), 15-pimaradiene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as 2, 2'bimorphine or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as morphinans. These are polycyclic compounds with a four-ring skeleton with three condensed six-member rings forming a partially hydrogenated phenanthrene moiety, one of which is aromatic while the two others are alicyclic. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, y-morphine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Perfluoroalkyls are stable, synthetic chemicals. Perfluoroalkyls are unique because they repel oil, grease, and water. The two perfluoroalkyls made in the largest amounts in the U. S. are perflurooctanoic acid (PFOA) and it (it). Perfluoroalkyls have been used in surface protection products such as carpet and clothing treatments and coating for paper and cardboard packaging. They have also been used in fire-fighting foams. Perfluorooctane-1-sulfonic acid is a perfluoroalkanesulfonic acid that is octane-1-sulfonic acid in which all seventeen of the hydrogens that are attached to carbons hvae been replaced by fluorines. It has a role as an antilipemic drug and a persistent organic pollutant. It derives from an octane-1-sulfonic acid. 
it is a piperidinecarboxylate ester that is the ethyl ester of isonipecotic acid in which the hydrogen alpha- to the carboxyl group is substituted by a phenyl group, and the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 2-(4-aminophenyl)ethyl group. It has a role as an opioid analgesic and an opioid receptor agonist. It is a piperidinecarboxylate ester, a substituted aniline and an ethyl ester. It derives from a N-[2-(4-aminophenyl)ethyl]-4-phenylisonipecotic acid. It is a conjugate base of an it(2+). it is an opioid receptor agonist belonging to the piperidine class with analgesic activity. By binding to and activating opioid receptors in the central nervous sytem (CNS), it mimics the endogenous opioids resulting in a decrease of nociceptve neurotransmitters and eventually an analgesic effect. 
it is a tertiary alcohol that is butan-2-ol substituted by a 4-chlorophenyl group at position 2, a cyclopropyl group at position 3 and a 1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl group at position 1. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a tertiary alcohol, a member of triazoles and a member of cyclopropanes. 
it, also known as N-3-cl-2-hmpa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aminobenzoic acids. These are benzoic acids containing an amine group attached to the benzene moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a limonoid that is azadiradione with an epoxy group across positions 14 and 15. Isolated from Azadirachta indica it exhibits insecticidal activitry against mosquitoes. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an insecticide and a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, a member of furans, a limonoid, an epoxide and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It derives from an azadiradione. 
it is a triol that is (1S,2R)-4-fluoro-3-(hydroxymethyl)cyclopent-3-ene-1,2-diol which is substituted by a 4-amino-2-oxopyrimidin-1(2H)-yl group at position 5. It is a cytidine analog which exhibits anticancer activity in several cancers, including gemcitabine-resistant tumours. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a prodrug, a DNA synthesis inhibitor and an apoptosis inducer. It is an organofluorine compound, a primary allylic alcohol and a triol. 
it, also known as fema 3283, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a berry, fruity, and grape tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Aldrithiol is a member of the class of pyridines that is pyridine which is substituted by a pyridin-2-yldisulfanediyl group at position 2. It is a reagent used in molecular biology as an oxidizing agent. Also used in peptide synthesis and for detecting thiols. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It is an organic disulfide and a member of pyridines. 
it appears as colorless crystalline solid or brown chunky solid. Taste threshold concentration 0.03 mg/L. Odor threshold concentration 0.5 mg/L. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a dithiocarbamate salt that is the zinc salt of dibutyldithiocarbamic acid. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dithiocarbamate salt and a zinc molecular entity. It contains a dibutyldithiocarbamate and a zinc(2+). It derives from a dibutyldithiocarbamic acid. 
(R)-noradrenaline is the R-enantiomer of noradrenaline. It has a role as a vasoconstrictor agent, an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent, a mouse metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-noradrenaline(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-noradrenaline. l-it is a naturally occurring catecholamine hormone that functions as a neurotransmitter in the sympathetic nervous system. it directly stimulates adrenergic receptors. Stimulation of alpha-adrenergic receptors causes vasoconstriction of the radial smooth muscle of the iris, arteries, arterioles, veins, urinary bladder, and the sphincter of the gastrointestinal tract. Stimulation of beta-1 adrenergic receptors causes an increase in myocardial contractility, heart rate, automaticity, and atrioventricular (AV) conduction while stimulation of beta-2 adrenergic receptors causes bronchiolar and vascular smooth muscle dilatation. 
it is an organic bromide salt and a cyanine dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a carbocyanin it(1+). 
it is a C21-steroid that is cortisone in which the 21-hydroxy group has been oxidised to the corresponding aldehyde. It is a 21-oxo steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a C21-steroid, an 11-oxo steroid, a steroid aldehyde and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a progesterone. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-pregnane. 
it, also known as TRP-TRP or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl-aldehydes. Aryl-aldehydes are compounds containing an aldehyde group directly attached to an aromatic ring. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxyandrostan-3-one that has beta- configuration at position 5. It is a metabolite of testosterone. It has a role as an androgen, a mouse metabolite, a vasodilator agent and a human metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxyandrostan-3-one and a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Patient Diagnosed With OCD and and Resistant to SSRI Treatment (Failed SSRI Over 12 Weeks at Appropriate Doses). 
it is a member of ther class of ureas that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one of the nitrogens has been replaced by an N-methylindol-5-yl group, while a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen has been replaced by a 3-methyl-1,2-thiazol-5-yl group. It is a potent and selective antagonist for the 5-hydroxytryptamine 2B (5-HT2B) receptor. It has a role as a receptor modulator and a serotonergic antagonist. It is a member of ureas, a member of indoles and a member of 1,2-thiazoles. 
it is a white to tan crystalline powder with a faint, characteristic odor. Used as an insecticide. (NIOSH, 2016) it is a carbamate ester that is phenyl methylcarbamate substituted at position 2 by a propan-2-yloxy group. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a carbamate insecticide, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It is a carbamate ester and an aromatic ether. It derives from a methylcarbamic acid and a 2-isopropoxyphenol. it is a synthetic carbamate, aromatic ether compound, and acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a toxic, white to tan crystalline solid with a faint odor, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a simplest memebr of the class of its that is 1-benzofuran-3(2H)-one in which both hydrogens at position 2 are substituted by a benzylidene group (the Z-isomer). It is a cyclic ketone and a member of its. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as substituted pyrroles. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a pyrrole ring substituted at one or more positions. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methylpyrrole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a heterocyclyl sulfate that acts as a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It has a role as a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It is an alkaloid, a heterocyclyl sulfate, a delta-lactone and a member of guaiacols. It is a conjugate acid of a lamellarin alpha 20-sulfate(1-). 
2, 3, 4-Trimethyl-3-pentanol, also known as 1, 1-diisopropylethanol or fema 3903, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tertiary alcohols. Tertiary alcohols are compounds in which a hydroxy group, -OH, is attached to a saturated carbon atom R3COH (R not H ). 2, 3, 4-Trimethyl-3-pentanol is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 2, 3, 4-Trimethyl-3-pentanol is a fruity tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes 2, 3, 4-trimethyl-3-pentanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid that is 18-hydroxyoctadecanoic acid which has been dehydrogenated to introduce a trans double bond at the 9-10 position. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid, a straight-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy monounsaturated fatty acid. It derives from an oleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 18-hydroxyoleate. 
it is propanoic acid in which one of the methylene hydrogens is substituted by a 6-chloro-9H-carbazol-2-yl group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it is no longer used in human medicine but is still used for treatment of arthritis in elderly dogs. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and a photosensitizing agent. It is a member of carbazoles and an organochlorine compound. it is a propionic acid derivate and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic activities, used exclusively in veterinary medicine. it inhibits the activity of the enzymes cyclo-oxygenase (COX) I and II, resulting in a decreased formation of precursors of prostaglandins and thromboxanes. This inhibits the formation of prostaglandins, by prostaglandin synthase, that are involved in pain, inflammation and fever. Ibuprofen also causes a decrease in the formation of thromboxane A2 synthesis, by thromboxane synthase, thereby inhibiting platelet aggregation. 
(+)-it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is 2,3,4,4a,8,9,13b,14-octahydro-1H-benzo[6,7]cyclohepta[1,2,3-de]pyrido[2,1-a]isoquinoline substituted at position 3 by both hydroxy and tert-butyl groups. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and an amino alcohol. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is valeric (pentanoic) acid substituted at the alpha-position by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxypentanoate. 
The decarboxylation product of UDPglucuronic acid, which is used for formation of the xylosides of seryl hydroxyl groups in mucoprotein synthesis. Also forms plant xylans. 
An acetic acid ester of CARNITINE that facilitates movement of ACETYL COA into the matrices of mammalian MITOCHONDRIA during the oxidation of FATTY ACIDS. 
it is the 5-phospho derivative of 1-deoxy-D-xylulose. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a D-xylulose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an aminopyrimidine compound having its amino group at position 2 and chloro and methyl substituents at positions 4 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a nitrification inhibitor. 
Dibutylaminoethanol is a colorless liquid with a mild fishlike odor. Flash point 200Â°F. Toxic by ingestion and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a hydroxybutyric acid having a single hydroxyl group located at position 2; urinary secretion of it is increased with alcohol ingestion or vigorous physical exercise and is associated with lactic acidosis and ketoacidosis in humans and diabetes in animals. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a hydroxybutyric acid and a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxybutyrate. 
Dolasetron Mesylate is an indole derivative with antiemetic activity. As a selective serotonin receptor antagonist, dolasetron mesylate competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5HT3 receptors, resulting in suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. (NCI04) 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of O-phospho-D-serine with the amino group of m-octylaniline. An analogue of sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P), it is a potent antagonist for both S1P1 and S1P3 receptors. It can inhibit S1P-induced migration of thyroid cancer cells, ovarian cancer cells, and neural stem cells. It has a role as a sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 3 antagonist and a sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 1 antagonist. It is a D-serine derivative, a secondary carboxamide, an organic phosphate, a phosphoric ester and an aromatic amide. It derives from an O-phospho-D-serine. 
it is an amino acid consisting of carbamic acid having two methyl substituents both attached to the nitrogen. It derives from a carbamic acid. 
S-(2-Furanylmethyl) propanethioate, also known as it or fema 3347, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. S-(2-Furanylmethyl) propanethioate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, S-(2-furanylmethyl) propanethioate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. S-(2-Furanylmethyl) propanethioate has a coffee, garlic, and onion taste. 
2, 4-Dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 4 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2, 4-Dimethyloxazole is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 4-dimethyloxazole can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 4-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of aminopyridines that is 2-amino-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridine in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 3-chloro-2,6-dinitro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl group. A fungicide used to control grey mould, downy mildew and other fungal pathogens. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an allergen, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a C-nitro compound, a chloropyridine, an aminopyridine, a secondary amino compound, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it is a racemate comprising equal amounts of (R)- and (S)-1,2-di-O-dodecanylglycero-3-glutaric acid 6'-methylresorufin ester. A fluorescent substrate used to study lipase activity in vitro. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. It contains a (R)-1,2-di-O-dodecanylglycero-3-glutaric acid 6'-methylresorufin ester and a (S)-1,2-di-O-dodecanylglycero-3-glutaric acid 6'-methylresorufin ester. 
2-Acetyl-3, 6-dimethylpyrazine, also known as 1-(3, 6-dimethylpyrazinyl)-ethanone or pyrazine, 2-acetyl-3, 6-dimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 2-Acetyl-3, 6-dimethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-acetyl-3, 6-dimethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Acetyl-3, 6-dimethylpyrazine is a hazelnut, popcorn, and roasted tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-acetyl-3, 6-dimethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of azelastine. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a bronchodilator agent, an anti-asthmatic drug, an anti-allergic agent, a H1-receptor antagonist and an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor. It contains an azelastine. it is the hydrochloride salt form of azelastine, a phthalazinone derivative with antihistaminergic activity. it competes with histamine for the H1 receptor, thereby diminishing the actions of histamine on effector cells and decreasing the histamine-mediated symptoms of allergic reaction, such as bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. 
it is an agonist of niacin receptors capable of mimicking niacin's ability to increase high-density lipoprotein (HDL). it produces these effects at lower doses and without the skin flushing side-effects associated with niacin treatment. 
it is the sulfate salt of atropine, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. Atropine functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) 
it appears as a colorless to straw-colored liquid with a sharp penetrating odor. Denser than water and soluble in water. Severly irritates skin and eyes. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make vitamins and pharmaceuticals. 
2, 3-Undecanedione, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two ketone groups on two adjacent carbon atoms. 2, 3-Undecanedione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 3-undecanedione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 3-Undecanedione has an aldehydic, creamy, and dairy taste. 
N-octanoylglycine is an N-acylglycine that has octanoyl as the acyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-acylglycine and a fatty amide. It derives from an octanoic acid and a glycine. It is a conjugate acid of a N-octanoylglycinate. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a cefonicid(2-). Cefonicid Sodium is the sodium salt form of cefonicid, a semisynthetic second-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefonicid binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a white liquid with a strong skunk-like odor. (USCG, 1999) it is an alkanethiol that is propane substituted by a sulfanyl group at position 2. 
it is a it that has L configuration. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a it and a serine family amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-homocysteinate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a gamma-amino acid that is GABA in which one of the hydrogens at position 4 is replaced by a cyano group. It is a gamma-amino acid, a monocarboxylic acid and an aliphatic nitrile. It derives from a butyric acid. 
Chlorhexidine Gluconate is the gluconate salt form of chlorhexidine, a biguanide compound used as an antiseptic agent with topical antibacterial activity. Chlorhexidine gluconate is positively charged and reacts with the negatively charged microbial cell surface, thereby destroying the integrity of the cell membrane. Subsequently, chlorhexidine gluconate penetrates into the cell and causes leakage of intracellular components leading to cell death. Since gram positive bacteria are more negatively charged, they are more sensitive to this agent. 
it is an oxooctadecadienoic acid that is 9,11-octadecadienoic acid in which the oxo group is located at position 13. It is an enone and an oxooctadecadienoic acid. 
N-methylpyrrolidin-2-one is a member of the class of pyrrolidine-2-ones that is pyrrolidin-2-one in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a lactam and a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones. 
it is caffeine substituted at its 8-position by an (E)-3-chlorostyryl group. It has a role as an adenosine A2A receptor antagonist and an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. It is a trimethylxanthine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a caffeine. 
it is a nine-membered macrocycle that incorporates three 6-hydroxy-2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuranyl moieties as part of the cyclic skeleton. It is isolated from Caragana chamlague Lamarck and exhibits significant inhibitory effect towards the enzyme acetylcholinesterase (EC 3.1.1.7). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a polyphenol, a macrocycle and a member of 1-benzofurans. It derives from a resveratrol. 
it is a (3R)-3-hydroxy fatty acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of (R)-3-hydroxypentanoic acid. The major species at pH 7.3. It is a (3R)-3-hydroxy fatty acid anion and a short-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-3-hydroxypentanoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-3-hydroxypentanoate. 
(R)-camphorsulfonic acid is the R enantiomer of camphorsulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-camphorsulfonate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-camphorsulfonic acid. 
it is a member of the class of barbiturates that is pyrimidine-2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-trione substituted by an isopropyl and a prop-1-en-3-yl group at position 5. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as porphyrins. Porphyrins are compounds containing a fundamental skeleton of four pyrrole nuclei united through the alpha-positions by four methine groups to form a macrocyclic structure. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
One of the non-essential amino acids commonly occurring in the L-form. It is found in animals and plants, especially in sugar cane and sugar beets. It may be a neurotransmitter. 
it is a diselenide resulting from the dehydrogenation reaction between two units of 2-amino-4-selanylbutanoic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a marine metabolite. It is a diselenide and a selenoamino acid. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used to flameproof fabrics and papers, in weed or brush killing products, and for other uses. 
it is the sodium succinate salt form of chloramphenicol, a nitrobenzene derivate and broad-spectrum antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes, thereby interfering with peptidyl transferase activity in the elongation process of protein synthesis. As a result, this agent prevents bacterial cell growth. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is lupane having a 3beta-hydroxy and 28-carboxy substituents. Isolated from the leaves of Syzygium claviflorum, it exhibits anti-HIV and antileishmanial activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-HIV agent, an antileishmanial agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor. It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a lupane. 
(2-{[3-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoyl]oxy}ethyl)trimethylazanium belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring (2-{[3-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoyl]oxy}ethyl)trimethylazanium is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a synthetic, nonionic hydroxyethyl derivative of starch used as a plasma expander when prepared in an isotonic solution. Upon intravenous administration, hydroxyethyl starch colloid increases blood volume and thus improves circulation. This agent is almost exclusively excreted by the kidneys and is potentially nephrotoxic. 
it is under investigation for the diagnostic of Prostate Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer. it is a 2-nitroimidazole with hypoxic selectivity and potential radiosensitizing activities. it is reduced in hypoxic environments such as those found in tumors. In hypoxic cells, reduced it binds to thiol-containing proteins. The resulting complexes accumulate in hypoxic tumors, thereby depleting radioprotective thiol compounds and sensitizing tumor cells to be more susceptible for radiation treatment. 
it is a member of the class of pyridine N-oxides obtained by oxidation of the pyridine nitrogen of (S)-nicotine. It is a member of pyridine N-oxides and a N-alkylpyrrolidine. It derives from a (S)-nicotine. 
Edaxadiene is a bicyclic halimane-type diterpenoid produced by the pathogen Mycobacterium tuberculosis as a defense against macrophage attack. The structure was revised in 2010, having been initially thought to be tricyclic. The compound was originally named it after it was first isolated in 2004 from a sponge, Raspailia sp., collected from the Nosy Be island of Madagascar. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a halimane diterpenoid, a tertiary alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is 7-methoxyquinazoline-4,6-diamine in which the amino group at position 4 is substituted by a 3-chloro-4-fluorophenyl group and the amino group at position 6 is substituted by an (E)-4-(piperidin-1-yl)but-2-enoyl group. It has a role as an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of piperidines, an enamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a tertiary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a secondary carboxamide. it is a highly selective, orally bioavailable small-molecule inhibitor of the HER family of tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically and irreversibly binds to and inhibits human Her-1, Her-2, and Her-4, resulting in the proliferation inhibition and apoptosis of tumor cells that overexpress these receptors. 
it is the oil extracted from the heartwood of Santalum album. it is used in perfumery, aromatherapy and skin care. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of trifluoperazine, a phenothiazine derivative and a dopamine, alpha-adrenergic, and anticholinergic antagonist with antipsychotic, anxiolytic, and antiemetic activities. Trifluoperazine blocks central dopamine receptors, which may prevent or mitigate delusions and hallucinations caused by an excess of dopamine; dopamine blockade in the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) may result in an antiemetic effect. This agent binds to central adrenergic receptors, which may result in anxiolytic effects. Trifluoperazine also functions as a calmodulin inhibitor, elevating cytosolic calcium. 
it is a primary aliphatic amine that is butan-1-amine carrying a methyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 
it is the monobenzyl ether of hydroquinone. It is used as a topical drug for medical depigmentation. It has a role as a melanin synthesis inhibitor and a dermatologic drug. It derives from a hydroquinone. it is a monobenzyl ether of hydroquinone with topical depigmentation activity. Although the exact mechanism of action of depigmentation is unknown, the metabolites of it appear to have a cytotoxic effect on melanocytes. Furthermore, the depigmentation effect might be mediated through the inhibition of tyrosinase, which is essential in the synthesis of melanin pigments, thereby causing permanent depigmentation of the skin. 
it is a phorbol ester that is 12-deoxyphorbol in which the hydroxy groups at positions 13 and 20 have been converted to their respective 2-methylbutanoate and acetate esters. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a phorbol ester, a butyrate ester, an acetate ester and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is an odorless light yellow to yellow crystalline powder. Becomes anhydrous at 284Â°F. (NTP, 1992) Mercaptopurine is a thiopurine-derivative antimetabolite with antineoplastic and immunosuppressive activities. Produced through the metabolism of mercaptopurine by hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase (HGPRT), mercaptopurine metabolites 6-thioguanosine-5'-phosphate (6-thioGMP) and 6-thioinosine monophosphate (T-IMP) inhibit nucleotide interconversions and de novo purine synthesis, thereby blocking the formation of purine nucleotides and inhibiting DNA synthesis. This agent is also incorporated into DNA in the form of deoxythioguanosine, which results in the disruption of DNA replication. In addition, mercaptopurine is converted to 6-methylmercaptopurine ribonucleoside (MMPR) by 6-thiopurine methyltransferase; MMPRs are also potent inhibitors of de novo purine synthesis. (NCI04) 
(E)-3-(indol-3-yl)acrylic acid is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is replaced by an indol-3-yl group. It is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a member of indoles. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an (E)-3-(indol-3-yl)acrylate(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzenesulfonamides. These are organic compounds containing a sulfonamide group that is S-linked to a benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
4'-it is an anthracycline that is the 4'-epi-isomer of doxorubicin. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an antimicrobial agent. It is an anthracycline, a deoxy hexoside, an anthracycline antibiotic, an aminoglycoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a member of p-quinones, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a doxorubicin. It is a conjugate acid of a 4'-itium. it is a 4'-epi-isomer of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. it intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also produces toxic free-radical intermediates and interacts with cell membrane lipids causing lipid peroxidation. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a diacetyl derivative of the opiate morphine, a naturally occurring alkaloid extracted from the seedpod of the Asian poppy (Papaver sp.). Once administered, diamorphine (or diacetylmorphine) is rapidly hydrolyzed to 6-monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM) and then to the end-product morphine which binds to opiate receptors located throughout the mammalian nervous and gastrointestinal systems. Inducing a potent analgesia, the use of diamoprhine is often escalated due to a tolerance effect, resulting in abuse that is associated with fatal overdose, abortion, venous sclerosis, and opportunistic infections, among other adverse effects. (NCI04) 
it, also known as fema 2965, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, leaf, and mint tasting compound that can be found in peppermint. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the 2-oxo-5-amino derivative of valeric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a delta-amino acid. It derives from a valeric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-amino-2-oxopentanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone that is 9,10-anthraquinone which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1, 3, and 8 and by a methyl group at position 6. It is present in the roots and barks of numerous plants (particularly rhubarb and buckthorn), moulds, and lichens. It is an active ingredient of various Chinese herbs. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a laxative and a plant metabolite. It derives from an it anthrone. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is an orally active aminoglutethimide derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it reversibly inhibits the activity of aromatase, a cytochrome P450 family enzyme found in many tissues and the key enzyme in the oxidative aromatization process of androgens to estrogens. In estrogen-dependent cancers, the inhibition of aromatase by this agent leads to a reduction in the synthesis of estrogen, thereby inhibiting estrogen-mediated signal transduction and consequently reducing tumor cell growth. In addition, it also inhibits enzymes that catalyzing conversion of cholesterol to corticosteroids. 
it is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and a pyridazinone. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from a 6-hydroxy-2-phenylpyridazin-3-one. 
Decanoyl-CoA (N-C10:0CoA), also known as decanoyl-CoA or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl coas. These are acyl-CoAs carrying a 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl chain. Decanoyl-CoA (N-C10:0CoA) is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Decanoyl-CoA (N-C10:0CoA) has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, decanoyl-CoA (N-C10:0CoA) is primarily located in the cytoplasm and peroxisome. In humans, decanoyl-CoA (N-C10:0CoA) is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway. Decanoyl-CoA (N-C10:0CoA) is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(i-22:0/i-19:0/10:0) pathway, de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(8:0/10:0/i-16:0) pathway, de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(10:0/i-15:0/8:0) pathway, and de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(a-25:0/12:0/10:0) pathway. 
Citicoline is a nutritional supplement and source of choline and cytidine with potential neuroprotective and nootropic activity. Citicoline, also known as cytidine-5-diphosphocholine or CDP-choline, is hydrolyzed into cytidine and choline in the intestine. Following absorption, both cytidine and choline are dispersed, utilized in various biosynthesis pathways, and cross the blood-brain barrier for resynthesis into citicoline in the brain, which is the rate-limiting product in the synthesis of phosphatidylcholine. This agent also increases acetylcholine (Ach), norepinephrine (NE) and dopamine levels in the central nervous system (CNS). In addition, citicoline is involved in the preservation of sphingomyelin and cardiolipin and the restoration of Na+/K+-ATPase activity. Citicoline also increases glutathione synthesis and glutathione reductase activity, and exerts antiapoptotic effects. 
it is a hexadienedioic acid compound having a 2-hydroxy substituent and with configuration (2Z,4E). It is a hexadienedioic acid and a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid. It derives from a muconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2Z,4E)-2-hydroxymuconate(2-). 
it appears as a white or pale yellow solid. Melting point 69.5Â°C. it is a chloroaniline in which the chloro atom is para to the aniline amino group. It is a chloroaniline and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is isovaleric acid which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2 and 3. It derives from a butyric acid and an isovaleric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-dihydroxy-3-methylbutanoate. 
1-Isothiocyanato-3-phenylpropane, also known as it or 3-phenylpropyl isothiocynate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 1-Isothiocyanato-3-phenylpropane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-isothiocyanato-3-phenylpropane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1-isothiocyanato-3-phenylpropane can be found in brassicas and horseradish. This makes 1-isothiocyanato-3-phenylpropane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroid glucuronide conjugates. These are sterol lipids containing a glucuronide moiety linked to the steroid skeleton. Thus, it is considered to be a steroid conjugate lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a methoxyisoflavan that is (R)-isoflavan substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2' and 4' and a hydroxy group at position 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of hydroxyisoflavans and a methoxyisoflavan. It derives from a hydride of a (R)-isoflavan. 
it is a colorless odorless gas. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. Its vapors are heavier than air. It can cause asphyxiation by the displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
Cyclohex-1, 5-diene-1-carboxyl-CoA, also known as cyclohexa-1, 5-dienecarbonyl-coenzyme a, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Cyclohex-1, 5-diene-1-carboxyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Cyclohex-1, 5-diene-1-carboxyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, cyclohex-1, 5-diene-1-carboxyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the methyl ester of bensulfuron. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide for the control of a variety of both annual and perennial weeds in crops, particularly wheat and rice. It is not licensed for use within the UK. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is a N-sulfonylurea, a member of pyrimidines, a methyl ester and an aromatic ether. It derives from a bensulfuron. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Ferric ammonium oxalate appears as a green crystalline solid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Used in making blueprints. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as physalins and derivatives. These are steroidal constituents of Physalis plants which possess an unusual 13, 14-seco-16, 24-cyclo-steroidal ring skeleton (where the bond that is normally present between the 13 and 14 positions in other steroids is broken while a new bond between positions 16 and 24 is formed). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, physalin b is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, physalin b can be found in fruits. This makes physalin b a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an N-acylurea that is (8R)-ergoline-8-carboxamide in which the hydrogen attached to the piperidine nitrogen (position 6) is substituted by an allyl group and the hydrogens attached to the carboxamide nitrogen are substituted by a 3-(dimethylamino)propyl group and an N-ethylcarbamoyl group. A dopamine D2 receptor agonist, it is used in the management of Parkinson's disease and of disorders associated with hyperprolactinaemia. It has a role as a dopamine agonist, an antiparkinson drug and an antineoplastic agent. it is a synthetic ergoline derivative and a long-acting dopamine receptor agonist with high affinity for the dopamine D2 receptor. it exerts an inhibitory effect on prolactin secretion by acting on dopamine receptors present in pituitary lactotrophs. This drug also binds to dopamine D2 receptors in the corpus striatum, thereby mimicking the actions of dopamine on motor control. it also possesses antioxidant and neuroprotective properties due to its free radical scavenging activity. it is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and in the treatment of hyperprolactinemia. 
it is a secondary amino compound that is (1R)-1-(naphthalen-1-yl)ethanamine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 3-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]propyl group. It has a role as a calcimimetic and a P450 inhibitor. It is a member of naphthalenes, a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it is a 5-alkylresorcinol that is resorcinol which is substituted by a heptadecyl group at position 5. It is found in wheat bran. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain hydroxy acids and derivatives. These are hydroxy acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, simvastatin hydroxy acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a monounsaturated fatty acid aldehyde that is undec-10-enal substituted at position 2 by a methyl group. It is a 2-methyl-branched fatty aldehyde and a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
its appears as a water-white liquid. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. May severely irritate skin and eyes. 
it is a white fluffy crystalline powder with almost no odor. (NTP, 1992) it is an N-sulfonylurea that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one of the nitrogens is replaced by a p-acetylphenylsulfonyl group, while a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen is replaced by a cyclohexyl group. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and an insulin secretagogue. It is a N-sulfonylurea and a member of acetophenones. it is an intermediate-acting, first-generation sulfonylurea with hypoglycemic activity. it is metabolized in the liver to its active metabolite hydroxyhexamide. 
it, also known as (cis)-2-butenol or crotonyl alcohol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as primary alcohols. Primary alcohols are compounds comprising the primary alcohol functional group, with the general structure RCOH (R=alkyl, aryl). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-buten-1-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-buten-1-ol can be found in fats and oils. This makes 2-buten-1-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an imidazoquinoline that is 3-methyl-2-oxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-imidazo[4,5-c]quinoline substituted at position 1 by a 3-trifluoromethyl-4-(piperazin-1-yl)phenyl group and at position 8 by a 6-methoxypyridin-3-yl group. A dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitor. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a mTOR inhibitor and an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor. It is an imidazoquinoline, a N-arylpiperazine, a member of pyridines, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate base of a BGT226(1+). 
it appears as colorless crystals. More intense vanilla odor and taste than vanillin. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is vanillin in which the methoxy group is replaced by an ethoxy group. It has a role as an antioxidant and a flavouring agent. It is a member of benzaldehydes, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It derives from a vanillin. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of clindamycin, a semi-synthetic, chlorinated broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of lincomycin. it is used as a solid in capsules. 
2-methoxy-17beta-estradiol is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, being 17beta-estradiol methoxylated at C-2. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimitotic, a metabolite, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. it is an orally bioavailable estradiol metabolite with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits angiogenesis by reducing endothelial cell proliferation and inducing endothelial cell apoptosis. This agent also inhibits tumor cell growth by binding to tubulin, resulting in antimitotic activity, and by inducing caspase activation, resulting in cell cycle arrest in the G2 phase, DNA fragmentation, and apoptosis. (NCI04) 
it appears as colorless crystals or white crystalline fluffy powder. Odorless. Tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is the dipropionate ester of a synthetic, nonsteroidal form of estrogen. A well-known teratogen and carcinogen, diethylstilbestrol inhibits the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis, thereby blocking the testicular synthesis of testosterone, lowering plasma testosterone, and inducing a chemical castration. 
it is a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Vinca rosea Linn. it binds to tubulin and inhibits microtubule formation, resulting in disruption of mitotic spindle assembly and arrest of tumor cells in the M phase of the cell cycle. This agent may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP, and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. (NCI04) 
it is the (3-chloro-2-hydroxypropyl) (2,3-dihydroxypropyl) diether of bisphenol A; a small molecule that inhibits transactivation of the AR amino-terminal domain (NTD). It has a role as an androgen antagonist. It is an organochlorine compound and a diether. It derives from a bisphenol A and a glycerol. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01919684 (Study to Evaluate Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of it in Healthy Subjects and Subjects With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus). 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Density 14.0 lb / gal. Very toxic by inhalation and corrosive to metals and tissue. Used in gasoline additives and hydraulic fluids. 
it is a member of the class of its that is 9H-purine in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 6 are replaced by amino groups. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a primary amino compound and a member of its. It derives from an adenine. it is one of a number of organic compounds that share a similar purine structure and possess antiviral and antitumor properties. it nucleosides are versatile synthetic precursors for specific N-6 modifications of antiviral and antitumor agents. (NCI04) 
it is the acetate salt form of sermorelin, a synthetic, amidated 29-amino acid peptide that corresponds to the amino-terminal segment of the naturally occurring human growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH). it directly stimulates the pituitary gland, resulting in release of growth hormone leading to increased plasma growth hormone, which is responsible for many biological processes and counteracts growth hormone deficiency. 
it is a 2-monoglyceride where the acyl group is tetradecanoyl (myristoyl). It is a 2-monoglyceride, a monoacylglycerol 14:0 and a tetradecanoate ester. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-leucine, L-alanine, and L-proline joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-leucine and a L-proline. 
2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl butyrate, also known as benzyl dimethyl carbinyl butyrate or 1, 1-dimethyl-2-phenylethyl butyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl butyrate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl butyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Methyl-1-phenyl-2-propanyl butyrate has a floral, fruity, and green taste. 
it is a 7-(3-aminopyrrolidin-1-yl)-1-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-6-fluoro-4-oxo-1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine-3-carboxylic acid that is the (S)-enantiomer of tosufloxacin. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-tosufloxacin. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
cis-2-Chloro-4-carboxymethylenebut-2-en-1, 4-olide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as butenolides. These are dihydrofurans with a carbonyl group at the C2 carbon atom. cis-2-Chloro-4-carboxymethylenebut-2-en-1, 4-olide is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a monochlorobenzene that is the 3-trifluoromethyl derivative of 4-chloroaniline. It has a role as an epitope. It is a chloroaniline, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
Ethylene glycol monoethyl ether appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point of 120Â°F. Less dense than water. Its vapors are heavier than air. it is a hydroxyether that is the ethyl ether derivative of ethylene glycol. It has a role as a protic solvent and a teratogenic agent. It is a hydroxyether and a primary alcohol. It derives from an ethylene glycol. 
it is a 6-methoxy-11-methyl-1,3,4,9,10,10a-hexahydro-2H-10,4a-(epiminoethano)phenanthrene in which the sterocenters at positions 4a, 10 and 10a have S-configuration. It is a prodrug of dextrorphan and used as an antitussive drug for suppressing cough. It has a role as a NMDA receptor antagonist, a neurotoxin, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an antitussive, a prodrug and a oneirogen. It derives from a dextrorphan. It is an enantiomer of a levomethorphan. it is a synthetic, methylated dextrorotary analogue of levorphanol, a substance related to codeine and a non-opioid derivate of morphine. it exhibits antitussive activity and is devoid of analgesic or addictive property. This agent crosses the blood-brain-barrier and activates sigma opioid receptors on the cough center in the central nervous system, thereby suppressing the cough reflex. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl amines. N-acyl amines are compounds containing a fatty acid moiety linked to an amine group through an ester linkage. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A 33-amino acid peptide derived from the C-terminal of PROGLUCAGON and mainly produced by the INTESTINAL L CELLS. It stimulates intestinal mucosal growth and decreased apoptosis of ENTEROCYTES. GLP-2 enhances gastrointestinal function and plays an important role in nutrient homeostasis. 
it is the L-enantiomer of threonic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-it. It is an enantiomer of a D-threonic acid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an aromatic odor. Density 0.932 g / cm3 (Lancaster) and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. May release toxic vapors when burned. 
it appears as bluish-white soft malleable metal or gray granules. Density 11.85 g / cm3. Emits toxic fumes when heated. May be packaged under water. it is a metallic element first identified and named from the brilliant green line in its flame spectrum (from Greek thetaalphalambdalambdaomicronsigma, a green shoot). it is a naturally occurring trace metalloid element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 81, and atomic weight 204.383. it is used in manufacturing, as well as in some chemical reactions and medical procedures. Use as a pesticide has been banned in the United States due to toxicity from accidental exposure. It is characterized as an odorless, bluish-white, metallic soft solid that turns to a gray powder with an aromatic odor when exposed to air. Exposure occurs by inhalation of fumes, ingestion, or contact. 
it is the sodium salt form of iothalamate, an organic iodine compound and a radiographic contrast medium. it blocks x-rays as they pass through the body, thereby allowing body structures not containing iodine to be visualized. The degree of opacity produced by it is directly proportional to the total amount of the iodinated contrast agent in the path of the x-rays. The visualization of body structures is dependent upon the distribution and elimination of it. (NCI05) 
((13)C)urea is a (13)C-modified compound that is urea in which the carbon is present as its (13)C isotope. It is a (13)C-modified compound and a one-carbon compound. it is a radiolabelled urea molecule used to diagnose stomach ulcers caused by Heliobacter pylori. In the presence of H. pylori, urea C-13 is metabolized by urease to produce ammonia and radioactive carbon dioxide at the interface between the gastric epithelium and lumen. The radioactive carbon dioxide is absorbed in the blood and is detected when exhaled in the breath. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-lysine and L-tyrosine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-lysine and a L-tyrosine. 
Titanium, also known as titanium alloy or EBT, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as homogeneous transition metal compounds. These are inorganic compounds containing only metal atoms, with the largest atom being a transition metal atom. Titanium has been primarily detected in saliva, urine, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. 
it is a steroid sulfate obtained by the formal condensation of hydroxy group at position 21 of cortisol with sulfuric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a steroid sulfate, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a cortisol ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the L-stereoisomer of N-(2,4-dinitrophenyl)proline, a proline derivative having a 2,4-dinitrophenyl substituent on nitrogen. It is a member of pyrrolidines, a C-nitro compound, a L-proline derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the formal reaction of 3-[(3-chlorophenoxy)methyl]-1-(tetrahydro-2H-pyran-4-yl)-1H-pyrazolo[3,4-d]pyrimidin-4-amine with 2 mol eq. of hydrogen chloride. It is a selective inhibitor of the delta- and epsilon-isoforms of casein kinase 1 (CK1delta and CK1epsilon). It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor. It contains a it free base(2+). 
it is a N-acylglycine obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of butyric acid with the amino group of glycine. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a butyrylglycinate. 
it is an aminosulfinic acid comprising ethylamine having the sulfo group at the 2-position. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an N-acetyl-L-amino that is the N(2)-acetyl derivative of L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid. It derives from a L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it, also known as 1, 4-bis(5-phenyloxazol-2-yl)benzene or 2, 2'-p-phenylene-bis(5-phenyloxazole), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-hydroxy-3-methyl-9H-carbazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1-hydroxy-3-methyl-9H-carbazole can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 1-hydroxy-3-methyl-9H-carbazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a synthetic derivative of quinolyl with chemotherapeutic and antibiotic properties, it acts against erythrocytic malarial parasites (Plasmodium vivax, ovale, and malariae) by concentrating in food vacuoles. It inhibits plasmodial heme polymerase and acts through other unknown mechanisms. Hydroxychloroquine also has anti-inflammatory properties and is used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and lupus erythematosus. (NCI04) 
it is a haloacetate(1-) resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of chloroacetic acid. It derives from an acetate. It is a conjugate base of a chloroacetic acid. 
3, 5-Dimethoxybenzaldehyde belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dimethoxybenzenes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a monocyclic benzene moiety carrying exactly two methoxy groups. 3, 5-Dimethoxybenzaldehyde is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a centrally-acting neurokinin 1 (NK1) receptor antagonist with antidepressant and antiemetic activities. it competitively binds to and blocks the activity of the NK-receptor, thereby inhibiting NK1-receptor binding of the endogenous tachykinin neuropeptide substance P (SP), which may result in antiemetic effects. SP is found in neurons of vagal afferent fibers innervating the brain-stem nucleus tractus solitarii and the area postrema, which contains the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ), and may be elevated in response to chemotherapy. The NK-receptor is a G-protein receptor coupled to the inositol phosphate signal-transduction pathway and is found in both the nucleus tractus solitarii and the area postrema. 
it is an acetate ester that is chavicol acetate substituted by an acetoxy group at position 1'. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a NF-kappaB inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an acetate ester and a phenylpropanoid. It derives from a chavicol. 
it is an organonitrogen compound and an organooxygen compound. It derives from an alpha-amino acid. it is a daloxate ester prodrug form of faropenem, a penem with a tetrahydrofuran substituent at position C2, with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity against many gram-positive and gram-negative aerobes and anaerobes. it is hydrolyzed in vivo to release the active free acid. Compared with imipenem, faropenem has improved chemical stability and reduced central nervous system effects. In addition, faropenem is resistant to hydrolysis by many beta-lactamases. 
An agent derived from licorice root. It is used for the treatment of digestive tract ulcers, especially in the stomach. Antidiuretic side effects are frequent, but otherwise the drug is low in toxicity. 
it is a ubiquinol in which the polyprenyl substituent is nonaprenyl. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is an ubiquinol and a polyprenylhydroquinone. 
it, also known as a-quinidine or cinchovatine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinchona alkaloids. These are alkaloids structurally characterized by the presence of the cinchonan skeleton, which consists of a quinoline linked to an azabicyclo[2. 2. 2]octane moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, cinchonidine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, cinchonidine can be found in fruits, herbs and spices, and olive. This makes cinchonidine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Meclizine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of meclizine, a synthetic piperazine with anti-emetic, sedative and histamine H1 antagonistic properties. Meclizine hydrochloride blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial and gastrointestinal smooth muscles, including vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscles. Meclizine hydrochloride may exert its antiemetic effects by its anticholinergic actions or due to a direct effect on the medullary chemoreceptive trigger zone. 
it is a buffer substance useful for calibration of glass electrodes and for the preparation of the biochemical and biological buffer solutions; pKa = 6.46 at 25 â„ƒ. It has a role as a buffer. It derives from a member of tris. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is decahydroazuleno[6,5-b]furan-2,5-dione substituted by methyl groups at positions 4a and 8 and a methylidene group at position 3. It has been isolated from the aerial parts of Inula hupehensis. It has a role as a metabolite, a plant metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a cyclic ketone, a sesquiterpene lactone, a gamma-lactone and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 
it is an acyl-CoA resulting from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of mevalonic acid. It has a role as a coenzyme and an Aspergillus metabolite. It derives from a mevalonic acid. 
it is a 1-phosphatidyl-1D-myo-inositol 3,5-bisphosphate in which both phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl). It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-D-myo-inositol-3',5'-bisphosphate)(5-). 
it, also known as GPEtn(30:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phosphatidylethanolamines. These are glycerophosphoetahnolamines in which two fatty acids are bonded to the glycerol moiety through ester linkages. Thus, it is considered to be a glycerophosphoethanolamine lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and intracellular membrane. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Cytidine monophosphate and it can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(16:0/14:0/0:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. Furthermore, it can be biosynthesized from PS(16:0/14:0) through the action of the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Furthermore, it can be biosynthesized from PS(16:0/14:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Finally, Cytidine monophosphate and it can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(16:0/14:0/0:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. In humans, it is involved in phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis PC(16:0/14:0) pathway and phosphatidylethanolamine biosynthesis it pathway. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is 1,6-dihyroxy-9,10-anthraquinone which is substituted by a methyl group at position 3 and a methoxy group at position 8. It derives from an emodin. It is a conjugate acid of a it-2-olate. 
1-Ethyl-1H-pyrrole-2-carboxaldehyde, also known as 1-ethyl-2-formyl-1h-pyrrole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl-aldehydes. Aryl-aldehydes are compounds containing an aldehyde group directly attached to an aromatic ring. 1-Ethyl-1H-pyrrole-2-carboxaldehyde is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-ethyl-1H-pyrrole-2-carboxaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1-Ethyl-1H-pyrrole-2-carboxaldehyde has a burnt and roasted taste. 
it is a synthetic organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a yellow liquid, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a diterpene that consists of decalin bearing four methyl substituents at positions 1, 2, 5 and 5 as well as a 3-methylpentyl substituent at position 1. It is a diterpene and a terpenoid fundamental parent. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of it. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-mevalonate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-it. 
Lubiprostone is a bicyclic fatty acid derived from prostaglandin E1 and a chloride channel activator with laxative activity. Upon intake, lubiprostone specifically binds to and activates the type 2 chloride channel (ClC-2) in the apical membrane of the gastrointestinal epithelium. This produces an efflux of chloride ions, thereby drawing water into the gastrointestinal lumen. The resulting increased amounts of intestinal fluid soften the stool, increase motility, and improve bowel movements. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01875705 (A Dose-Escalation Study of it in Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Solid Tumors). 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-alanine, glycine, L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a glycine and a L-serine. 
3-Hydroxybutyryl-CoA, also known as 3-hydroxybutanoyl-CoA or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as (r)-3-hydroxyacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a (R)-3-hydroxyl acylated coenzyme A derivative. 3-Hydroxybutyryl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Hydroxybutyryl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-hydroxybutyryl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria, peroxisome and cytoplasm. 3-Hydroxybutyryl-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, 3-hydroxybutyryl-CoA is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway, the lysine degradation pathway, the butyrate metabolism pathway, and the pyridoxine dependency with seizures pathway. 3-Hydroxybutyryl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include very-long-chain acyl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (vlcad), the glutaric aciduria type I pathway, long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (lcad), and medium chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (mcad). 
Phenylmethyl butanoate, also known as it or benzyl-N-butyrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. Phenylmethyl butanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, phenylmethyl butanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Phenylmethyl butanoate is an apricot, berry, and butter tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, and tea. This makes phenylmethyl butanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an ether that is (S)-(4-chlorophenyl)(pyridin-2-yl)methanol in which the hydroxyl hydrogen is substituted by a 1-(3-carboxypropyl)piperidin-4-yl group. A topical, selective and non-sedating histamine (H1) receptor antagonist used (as its benzenesulfonate salt) for treatment of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. It is a member of pyridines, a monocarboxylic acid, a member of piperidines, an ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
4-(4-chlorophenyl)-2-phenyl-2-(1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl)butanenitrile is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1-chloro-4-(3-phenylpropyl)benzene substituted at position 3 of the propyl moiety by cyano and 1,2,4-triazol-1-ylmethyl groups. It is a member of triazoles, a nitrile and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a meroterpenoid that is (4R)-octa-2,7-dien-4-ol substituted at positions 2 and 6 by methyl and methylidene groups respectively. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a meroterpenoid, a secondary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
it is the sulfate salt form of pseudoephedrine, a phenethylamine and a diastereomer of ephedrine with sympathomimetic property. it displaces norepinephrine from storage vesicles in presynaptic neurones, thereby releasing norepinephrine into the neuronal synapses where it stimulates primarily alpha-adrenergic receptors. It also has weak direct agonist activity at alpha- and beta- adrenergic receptors. Receptor stimulation results in vasoconstriction and decreases nasal and sinus congestion. 
it is a guanidine in which one of the amino hydrogens of guanidine itself is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor and a uremic toxin. It is a conjugate base of a itium. 
it is an optically active form of sulpiride having (R)-configuration. The active enantiomer of the racemic drug sulpiride. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-(-)-sulpiride. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, trimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a mustard, nut skin, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in kohlrabi, nuts, and potato. This makes trimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as white crystals with an odor of phenol. Sinks in and slowly dissolves in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a monochlorophenol carrying the chloro substituent at position 3. 
it, also known as 3-CMPFP or u(5, 3), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furanoid fatty acids. These are fatty acids containing a 5-alkylfuran-2-alkanoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it, also known as pyrazine, 2-methyl-3-methoxy, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in burdock and fenugreek. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as colorless crystals or white crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a straight chain alkane composed of 20 carbon atoms. It has been isolated from the leaves of Agave attenuata. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Ded-weed lv-4t 64 percent it appears as white crystals in commerce, a brown or dark brown liquid. (NTP, 1992) 
4-(3-Methoxyphenyl)but-3-en-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamic acids and derivatives. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a benzene and a carboxylic acid group (or a derivative thereof) forming 3-phenylprop-2-enoic acid. 4-(3-Methoxyphenyl)but-3-en-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxepanes. Oxepanes are compounds containing an oxepane ring, which is a seven-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen and six carbon atoms. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as it or allyl hexahydrophenylhexanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-propenyl cyclohexanehexanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fatty and fruity taste. 
Transparent to gray, odorless powder. Irritating to the skin and eyes on contact. Inhalation will cause irritation in the respiratory tract. [Note: Amorphous it is the non-crystalline form of SiO2.] it is a silicon oxide made up of linear triatomic molecules in which a silicon atom is covalently bonded to two oxygens. it is a natural compound of silicon and oxygen found mostly in sand, it has three main crystalline varieties: it, tridymite, and it. Fine particulate it dust from it rock causes over a long-term progressive lung injury, silicosis. (NCI04) 
it is a steroid sulfide in which the sulfanyl group is at C-21 of a polyoxygenated derivative of pregn-4-ene. It has a role as a glucocorticoid receptor agonist. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a steroid sulfide, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the carboxy group of flufenamic acid. It has a role as an antipyretic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a monocarboxylic acid anion and an aromatic amino-acid anion. It derives from a diphenylamine, an anthranilic acid and a (trifluoromethyl)benzene. It is a conjugate base of a flufenamic acid. 
it is an organic disulfide that results from the dimerization of (10E,12R)-12-(acetylamino)-N-methyl-N-[(1E)-penta-1,4-dien-1-yl]-13-sulfanyltridec-10-enamide. Isolated from Lyngbya majuscula and Schizothrix, it exhibits antineoplastic acitivity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an organic disulfide, a member of acetamides, a secondary carboxamide and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is a member of the class of dihydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones that is 2,5-dihydroxycyclohexa-2,5-diene-1,4-dione which is substituted by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group at positions 3 and 6. It is a mushroom pigment isolated from several fungi species and acts as a smooth muscle stimulant, and exhibits anticoagulant, antibacterial and antineoplastic properties. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an EC 1.3.1.9 [enoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] reductase (NADH)] inhibitor, a biological pigment, an anticoagulant, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and an antibacterial agent. It is a member of dihydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones and a polyphenol. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a pyrimidone that is cytosine substituted by an ethyl group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aminopyrimidine and a pyrimidone. It derives from a cytosine. 
it is an alpha-D-glucopyranoside having a methyl substituent at the anomeric position. It is an alpha-D-glucoside and a methyl D-glucoside. 
Water-soluble, copper-containing low molecular weight polypeptides obtained from the culture medium of Streptomyces verticillus. They are specific inhibitors of DNA synthesis in bacteria and have been found to act as antitumor agents. They have also been used against rust fungi of plants. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as chlorohydrins. These are alcohols substituted by a chlorine atom at a saturated carbon atom otherwise bearing only hydrogen or hydrocarbyl groups. Thus, ite is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ite is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, ite can be found in tea. This makes ite a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Ortho-iodosylbenzoic acid is a benzoic acid compound having an iodosyl substituent at the ortho-position. It has a role as an EC 4.3.1.15 (diaminopropionate ammonia-lyase) inhibitor. It is a member of benzoic acids and an organoiodine compound. It is a tautomer of a 1-hydroxy-3-oxobenziodoxole. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-methyl-2-oxobutanoic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion, an oxo fatty acid anion and a branched-chain fatty acid anion. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-methyl-2-oxobutanoic acid. 
it is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid that is castasterone which is lacking the oxo substituent at position 6. It is a 2alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 23-hydroxy steroid and a brassinosteroid. It derives from a castasterone. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-campestane. 
it is a sulfoxide resulting from the formal oxidation of the sulfur atom of thioanisole. It is a sulfoxide and a member of benzenes. It derives from a thioanisole. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of {2-[(2,5-dimethylphenoxy)methyl]phenyl}(methoxy)acetic acid with the amino group of methylamine. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and an aromatic ether. 
it is a purine nucleoside prodrug with activity against herpes simplex virus 1. In vivo, it is converted to ganciclovir, which is further modified to its triphosphate form and inhibits viral DNA replication by competitive inhibition of viral DNA polymerases and incorporation into viral DNA, resulting in eventual termination of viral DNA elongation. 
it or it is a white crystalline, wettable powder dissolved in a liquid carrier, (water). The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption, and/or ingestion. It is used as a pesticide. it is a tertiary alcohol that is DDT in which the benzylic hydrogen has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is an organochlorine acaricide, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a DDT. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyfluorenes that is 9H-fluorene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 9 (the non-aromatic carbon). It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a member of hydroxyfluorenes and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a succinic acid derivative with hypoglycemic activity. Like other meglitinide-type compounds, it has a high affinity for SUR1 subunits. 
2-it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air and corrosive to eyes and mucous membranes. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If polymerization takes place inside a closed container, the container may rupture violently. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Toxic by skin absorption, ingestion and inhalation. Used to make plastics and in textiles. 
it is the (+)-enantiomer of the dihydropyridine derivate niguldipine. it showed a binding affinity to the P-glycoprotein and therefore it is to be assumed to block the P-glycoprotein pumping mechanism and to modulate multidrug resistance. (NCI) 
it is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide and an organochlorine acaricide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from an oxazolo[4,5-b]pyridin-2(3H)-one. it is a synthetic organic thiophosphate compound and organophosphate acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, mutagen, and neurotoxicant that is used as a pesticide. It is characterized as a highly soluble colorless to grey or orange yellow solid, and exposure occurs by inhalation, ingestion, or contact. 
it is a succinimide with anticonvulsant properties. Although the exact mechanism of action of it is unclear, it is thought to increase the seizure threshold and suppress the paroxysmal three-cycle-per-second spike-and-wave pattern seen with absence (petit mal) seizures. The frequency of attacks is reduced by depression of nerve transmission in the motor cortex and elevation of the threshold of the CNS to convulsive stimuli, probably due to direct modification of membrane function in excitable cells and/or alteration of chemically mediated neurotransmission. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone that is benzene which is substituted by a 1-hydroxy-2-oxopropyl group at position 1. It is a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone, a member of benzenes and a methyl ketone. 
it is a member of the class of its that is (1R,2S,3S,4S,6R)-4-amino-6-(hydroxymethyl)cyclohexane-1,2,3-triol in which the hydroxy group at position 1 has been converted to its beta-D-glucoside and in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a (1R,4R,5R,6S)-4,5,6-trihydroxy-3-(hydroxymethyl)cyclohex-2-en-1-yl group. It is the major it produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus. It has a role as an EC 2.4.1.231 [alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase (configuration-retaining)] inhibitor, an EC 2.4.1.64 (alpha,alpha-trehalose phosphorylase) inhibitor, an EC 3.2.1.28 (alpha,alpha-trehalase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of its, a secondary amino compound, a polyol and an antibiotic fungicide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an acetate ester obtained by the formal condensation of (3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)methanol (veratryl alcohol) with acetic acid. It is an acetate ester and a dimethoxybenzene. It derives from a (3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)methanol. 
Halofuginone Hydrobromide is the hydrobromide salt of halofuginone, a semisynthetic quinazolinone alkaloid anticoccidial derived from the plant Dichroa febrifuga, with antifibrotic and potential antineoplastic activities. Halofuginone specifically inhibits collagen type I gene expression and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) gene expression, which may result in the suppression of angiogenesis, tumor stromal cell development, and tumor cell growth. These effects appear to be due to halofuginone-mediated inhibition of the collagen type I and MMP-2 promoters. Collagen type I and MMP-2 play important roles in fibro-proliferative diseases. 
it is a phenylurea that is urea in which one of the hydrogens of each amino group is replaced by a 4-chlorophenyl group. It is a member of phenylureas and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine having a trifluoromethyl subsitituent at the 2-position and a 3-[4-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazin-1-yl]propyl group at the N-10 position. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug, a dopaminergic antagonist and an anticoronaviral agent. It is an organofluorine compound, a member of phenothiazines and a N-alkylpiperazine. It derives from a hydride of a 10H-phenothiazine. it is a phenothiazine with antipsychotic activity. it exerts its actions by blocking postsynaptic dopamine D2 receptors in the limbic, cortical system and basal ganglia. This prevents the actions of dopamine, thereby reducing the hallucinations and delusions that are associated with schizophrenia. 
it is a novel spliceosome inhibitor developed by H3 Biomedicine. It offers the benefit of preferentially killing spliceosome-mutant cancer cells whereas other splicesome inhibitors, such as the pladienolide analogue E7107, show no such preferential targeting. it was granted orphan drug status by the FDA in August 2017 and is in clinical trials for the treatment of acute myelogenous leukemia and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia. 
it is an odorless white crystalline solid. Sinks and mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is the simplest it, consisting of ammonia bearing a hydroxy substituent. It is an intermediate in the biological nitrification by microbes like bacteria. It has a role as a nitric oxide donor, an EC 1.1.3.13 (alcohol oxidase) inhibitor, a nucleophilic reagent, an EC 4.2.1.22 (cystathionine beta-synthase) inhibitor, an EC 4.3.1.10 (serine-sulfate ammonia-lyase) inhibitor, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a hydroxyazanide and an aminooxidanide. It derives from a hydride of an ammonia. 
A gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) derivative that functions as a CALCIUM CHANNEL BLOCKER and is used as an ANTICONVULSANT as well as an ANTI-ANXIETY AGENT. It is also used as an ANALGESIC in the treatment of NEUROPATHIC PAIN and FIBROMYALGIA. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is swertianin in which the hydroxy group at position 2 has been replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, an aromatic ether and a polyphenol. It derives from a swertianin. 
3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol, also known as rac-equol or 3' hydroxy equol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavanols. These are polycyclic compounds containing a hydroxylated isoflavan skeleton. Thus, 3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. 3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a pale yellow to orange liquid, with a weak odor. Used as an insecticide and acaricide on vegetables, alfalfa, deciduous fruits and nuts. (EPA, 1998) May be found in the form of a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. it is a dialkyl phosphate and an organophosphate insecticide. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide, an agrochemical and an avicide. It derives from a methyl 3-hydroxybut-2-enoate. 
C.i. acid green 3 appears as a dull dark green powder. Used as a dye for silk or wool and biological stains. it is an iminium ion that is the free acid form of Guinee green B. It is a conjugate acid of a Guinee green B(1-). 
N(2)-acetyl-L-lysine is an acetyl-L-lysine where the acetyl group is located at the N(2)-posiiton. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tautomer of a N(2)-acetyl-L-lysine zwitterion. 
Chlorhit, also known as dentisept or merfen-incolore, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as chlorobenzenes. Chlorobenzenes are compounds containing one or more chlorine atoms attached to a benzene moiety. Chlorhit is a drug which is used for reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care. Chlorhit exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Chlorhit has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva, urine, and blood. Within the cell, chlorhit is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Chlorhit participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, chlorhit can be biosynthesized from biguanide. Chlorhit can also be converted into chlorhit gluconate. 
it, also known as it or 4, 5-dithianonane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sulfurous tasting compound that can be found in garden onion, herbs and spices, and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as odorless yellow crystals. Insoluble in water. Used as an insecticide. it is a member of the class of hydrazones that is used as an insecticide for control of ants and cockroaches. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an insecticide. It is a hydrazone, a member of pyrimidines, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an olefinic compound and a member of guanidines. 
it is a monohydroxyacetophenone that is acetophenone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2' and 6' and a hydroxy group at position 4'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dimethoxybenzene, a member of phenols and a monohydroxyacetophenone. 
it is a member of the class of dihydroflavonols that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 7 and 4'. It has a role as an antimutagen and a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavanone, a member of dihydroflavonols, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antifungal agent, an antineoplastic agent and an antiviral agent. It derives from a cordycepin. it is the triphosphate salt of cordycepin, a purine nucleoside antimetabolite and antibiotic isolated from the fungus Cordyceps militaris with potential antineoplastic, antioxidant, and anti-inflammatory activities. Cordycepin is an inhibitor of polyadenylation, activates AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), and reduces mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling, which may result in both the induction of tumor cell apoptosis and a decrease in tumor cell proliferation. mTOR, a serine/threonine kinase belonging to the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)-related kinase (PIKK) family, plays an important role in the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway that regulates cell growth and proliferation, and its expression or activity is frequently dysregulated in human cancers. 
it is a thiopyranopyrimidine in which a 7,8-dihydro-5H-thiopyrano[4,3-d]pyrimidine skeleton is substituted at C-4 by a hydroxy group and at C-2 by a para-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl group. It has a role as a tankyrase inhibitor. It is a thiopyranopyrimidine and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
Clindamycin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of clindamycin, a semi-synthetic, chlorinated broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of lincomycin. Clindamycin hydrochloride is used as a solid in capsules. 
it is a member of the class of furans that is furan which is substituted at positions 2 and 5 by formyl and hydroxymethyl substituents, respectively. Virtually absent from fresh foods, it is naturally generated in sugar-containing foods during storage, and especially by drying or cooking. It is the causative component in honey that affects the presystemic metabolism and pharmacokinetics of GZ in-vivo. It has a role as an indicator and a Maillard reaction product. It is a member of furans, an arenecarbaldehyde and a primary alcohol. 
it is the alpha-anomer of it. It is used in nucleotide sugars metabolism. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is an organic sodium salt having tazobactam(1-) as the counterion; used in combination with ceftolozane sulfate for treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections and complicated urinary tract infections. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antiinfective agent and an EC 3.5.2.6 (beta-lactamase) inhibitor. It contains a tazobactam(1-). it is the sodium salt form of tazobactam, a penicillanic acid sulfone derivative and beta-lactamase inhibitor with antibacterial activity. Tazobactam contains a beta-lactam ring and irreversibly binds to beta-lactamase at or near its active site. This protects other beta-lactam antibiotics from beta-lactamase catalysis. This drug is used in conjunction with beta-lactamase susceptible penicillins to treat infections caused by beta-lactamase producing organisms. 
(2E)-oct-2-enoic acid is an olefinic fatty acid that is octanoic acid carrying a double bond at position 2 (the 2E-isomer). It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a medium-chain fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid, a straight-chain fatty acid and an olefinic fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2E)-oct-2-enoate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and mulberry. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as neoquassin or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quassinoids. These are a group of compounds chemically degraded from triterpenes. According to their basic skeleton, quassinoids are categorized into five distinct groups, C-18, C-19, C-20, C-22 and C-25 types. The C-20 quassinoids can be further classified into two types, tetracyclic and the pentacyclic. The tetracyclic variety does not have oxygenation at C-20, while the pentacyclic quassinoids possess additional oxygenation at C-20 that allows for the formation of an additional ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, nigakihemiacetal b is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). it has a bitter taste. 
it is an N-acylglycine that is the 4-amino derivative of hippuric acid; used as a diagnostic agent in the measurement of renal plasma flow. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a p-aminohippurate. 
it is an aromatic ether that is the 3,5-dimethoxybenzyl derivative of N-(2-{4-[3-(4-amino-5-chloro-2-hydroxyphenyl)-3-oxopropyl]piperidin-1-yl}ethyl)methanesulfonamide. A potent and selective 5-HT4 antagonist, with a pKi of 9.1 at 5-HT4 receptors in guinea pig striatal membranes and greater than 1000-fold selectivity over 5-HT1A, 2C, 3 and D1, D2, M1, M2, AT1, B1 and alpha1C receptors. The ketone group gives it a relatively long half life; it is also orally active and so suitable for in vivo studies. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. It is a member of piperidines, an aromatic ether, a sulfonamide, an aromatic ketone and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a maleate salt resulting form the reaction of equimolar amounts of maleic acid and ergometrine. It is used in the active management of the third stage of labour, and to prevent or treat postpartum of postabortal haemorrhage caused by uterine atony: by maintaining uterine contraction and tone, blood vessels in the uterine wall are compressed and blood flow reduced. It has a role as an oxytocic and a diagnostic agent. It contains an ergometrine. 
it is an alkane that is hexane carrying a methyl group at positions 2 and 4. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
(E)-it is a member of the class of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes consisting of trans-cinnamic acid having a trifluoromethyl substituent at the para-position. It is a member of cinnamic acids and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
it is a member of the class of oxolanes carrying 1,2,4-triazol-ylmethyl and 2,4-dichlorophenyl substituents at position 2 as well as a bromo substituent at position 4. A foliar applied conazole fungicide for a range of crops including cereals, fruit, vegetables and vines. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene, an organobromine compound, a member of oxolanes, a member of triazoles, a conazole fungicide and a triazole fungicide. 
it is a derivative of aniline in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been substituted by fluorine. It is used as a pharmaceutical intermediate. It is a primary arylamine and a fluoroaniline. 
An antiprotozoal agent produced by Streptomyces cinnamonensis. It exerts its effect during the development of first-generation trophozoites into first-generation schizonts within the intestinal epithelial cells. It does not interfere with hosts' development of acquired immunity to the majority of coccidial species. Monensin is a sodium and proton selective ionophore and is widely used as such in biochemical studies. 
it is a member of the class of carbazoles that is an adrenergic antagonist with non-selective beta- and alpha-1 receptor blocking properties which helps in the management of congestive heart failure. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, a vasodilator agent and a cardiovascular drug. It is a member of carbazoles, a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. it is a synthetic antihypertensive methoxyphenoxy- 2-propanol derivative with no intrinsic sympathomimetic activity, it acts as a nonselective beta-adrenoceptor blocking agent (S(-) enantiomer) and as an alpha 1-adrenoceptor blocker (R(+) and S(-) enantiomers). Its acts more strongly on beta-receptors than on alpha 1-receptors, reduces peripheral vascular resistance by vasodilation, and prevents reflex tachycardia (beta-blockade) so that heart rate is either unchanged or decreased. it also reduces renin release through beta-blockade. (NCI04) it Phosphate is the phosphate salt form of it, a racemic mixture and adrenergic blocking agent with antihypertensive activity and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. The S enantiomer of it nonselectively binds to and blocks beta-adrenergic receptors, thereby exerting negative inotropic and chronotropic effects, and leading to a reduction in cardiac output. In addition, both enantiomers of it bind to and block alpha 1-adrenergic receptors, thereby causing vasodilation and reducing peripheral vascular resistance. 
A kappa opioid receptor agonist. The compound has analgesic action and shows positive inotropic effects on the electrically stimulated left atrium. It also affects various types of behavior in mammals such as locomotion, rearing, and grooming. 
it is the N,N'-diacetylated derivative of chitobiose, but with no stereodesignation for the anomeric carbon atom. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-glucosaminyl-(1->4)-D-glucosamine. 
it is the L-enantiomer of 3-oxoalanine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a 3-oxoalanine, a L-alanine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from a L-serine. It is a conjugate acid of a L-3-oxoalaninate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as white crystalline powder or solid with a faint odor. Bitter taste. pH (aqueous solution) 5.5. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride salt of methapyrilene. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anti-allergic agent, a sedative and a carcinogenic agent. It derives from a methapyrilene. 
An antibiotic compound derived from Streptomyces niveus. It has a chemical structure similar to coumarin. Novobiocin binds to DNA gyrase, and blocks adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) activity. (From Reynolds, Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p189) 
it is the hydrochloride salt of arzoxifene, a synthetic aromatic derivative with anti-estrogenic properties. Arzoxifene binds to estrogen receptors as a mixed estrogen agonist/antagonist. In comparison to other selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs), arzoxifene exhibits greater bioavailability and higher anti-estrogenic potency in the breast than raloxifene; it exhibits reduced estrogenicity in the uterus compared with either tamoxifen or raloxifene. This agent may have beneficial effects on bone and the cardiovascular system. 
it is a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester and an organofluorine compound. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and a pyrethroid ester acaricide. It derives from a diphenyl ether. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester resulting from the condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an ethyl ester and a phthalic acid monoester. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavan that is (2S)-flavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 7, 3' and 4'. It has a role as an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavan and a catechin. It derives from a hydride of a (2S)-flavan. 
it appears as a colorless volatile liquid with an ether-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May be narcotic by inhalation in high concentrations. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of enzastaurin, a synthetic macrocyclic bisindolemaleimide with potential antineoplastic activity. Binding to the ATP-binding site, enzastaurin selectively inhibits protein kinase C beta, an enzyme involved in the induction of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-stimulated neo-angiogenesis. This agent may decrease tumor blood supply and so tumor burden. 
Ferric ammonium citrate is a yellowish brown to red solid with a faint odor of ammonia. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in medicine, in making blueprints, and as a feed additive. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl aryl ethers. These are organic compounds containing the alkyl aryl ether functional group with the generic formula R-O-R' , where R is an alkyl group and R' is an aryl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a nutty and roasted taste. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is umbelliferone sulfate which carries a methyl group at position 4. It is a metabolite of 4-methylumbelliferone. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of coumarins. It derives from an umbelliferone sulfate and a 4-methylumbelliferone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as a clear colorless to yellow liquid with a bitter almond odor. Flash point near 145Â°F. More denser than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Vapors are heavier than air. The primary hazard is to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrates the soil to contaminate groundwater and nearby waterways. Used in flavoring and perfume making. it is an arenecarbaldehyde that consists of benzene bearing a single formyl substituent; the simplest aromatic aldehyde and parent of the class of its. It has a role as a flavouring agent, a fragrance, an odorant receptor agonist, a plant metabolite, an EC 3.5.5.1 (nitrilase) inhibitor and an EC 3.1.1.3 (triacylglycerol lipase) inhibitor. it is an aromatic aldehyde bearing a single formyl group with an almond odor. it can be derived from natural sources and is widely used by the chemical industry in the preparation of various aniline dyes, perfumes, flavorings, and pharmaceuticals. 
it, also known as alpha-ethoxy-2-methoxy-p-cresol or ethyl 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzyl ether, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, alcoholic, and chocolate taste. 
it is a ketone that is hexylbenzene carrying an oxo group at position 2. It is a ketone and a member of benzenes. 
it is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid that is dihydrosanguinarine bearing a methoxy substituent at position 10. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a dihydrosanguinarine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as piperidinecarboxylic acids. Piperidinecarboxylic acids are compounds containing a piperidine ring which bears a carboxylic acid group. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of allantoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a member of ureas and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an allantoic acid. 
(S)-17-Hydroxy-9, 11, 13, 15-octadecatetraynoic acid, also known as minquartynoic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms (S)-17-Hydroxy-9, 11, 13, 15-octadecatetraynoic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral (S)-17-Hydroxy-9, 11, 13, 15-octadecatetraynoic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (S)-17-hydroxy-9, 11, 13, 15-octadecatetraynoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, (S)-17-hydroxy-9, 11, 13, 15-octadecatetraynoic acid can be found in nuts. This makes (S)-17-hydroxy-9, 11, 13, 15-octadecatetraynoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a benzenedicarboxamide compound having N-substituted carbamoyl groups at the 1- and 3-positions, iodo substituents at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions and an acetyl(methyl)amino group at the 5-position. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. It is an organoiodine compound, a benzenedicarboxamide and a member of benzoic acids. it is an ionic tri-iodinated benzoate used as a contrast agent in diagnostic imaging. Like other organic iodine compounds, it blocks x-rays and appears opaque on x-ray film, thereby enhancing the visibility of structure and organs during angiography, arteriography, arthrography, cholangiography, urography, and computed tomography (CT) scanning procedures. it has low osmolarity and is therefore associated with few side effects compared to older contrast agents. 
it is a metabolite of phenylbutazone obtained by hydroxylation at position 4 of one of the phenyl rings. Commonly used (as its hydrate) to treat pain, swelling and stiffness associated with arthritis and gout, it was withdrawn from the market 1984 following association with blood dyscrasis and Stevens-Johnson syndrome. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic, a gout suppressant, a drug metabolite, a xenobiotic metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antimicrobial agent. It is a member of pyrazolidines and a member of phenols. It derives from a phenylbutazone. 
it is a member of phenothiazines. It has a role as an anticoronaviral agent. Fluphenazine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of fluphenazine, a phenothiazine with antipsychotic activity and potential antineoplastic activity. Fluphenazine blocks postsynaptic dopamine D2 receptors in the limbic system, cortical system and basal ganglia, resulting in a reduction of schizophrenia-associated hallucinations and delusions. In addition, as a serotonin antagonist, this agent may inhibit lymphocyte and myeloma cell proliferation by blocking 5-hydroxytrptamine type 1B (5-HT type 1B) receptors for serotonin. 
it is an oxindole that is 3-methyleneoxindole in which one of the hydrogens of the methylene group is substituted by a 3-(2-carboxyethyl)-4-methyl-1H-pyrrol-2-yl group. It is an ATP-competitive inhibitor of the tyrosine kinase activity of fibroblast growth factor receptor 1. It has a role as a fibroblast growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of pyrroles and a member of oxindoles. It derives from a 3-methyleneoxindole. 
it is a synthetic, aralkylguanidine analogue of the adrenergic neurotransmitter norepinephrine (NE) and adrenergic neuron blocking agent with potential diagnostic imaging or antineoplastic activity when radiolabeled. it, also known as it (MIBG), is taken up and accumulates in the granules of adrenal medullary chromaffin cells and in the pre-synaptic granules of adrenergic neurons in a manner almost identical with that of NE. In radiolabeled forms, it may be used to image or eradicate neuroendocrine tissues and tumor cells. 
it appears as an explosive solid. Primary hazard is from effects of a blast. Not designed to produce significant fragmentation or throw projectiles. May explode under exposure to intense heat or fire. it is a trinitrotoluene having the nitro groups at positions 2, 4 and 6. It has a role as an explosive. It derives from a 1,3,5-trinitrobenzene. 
Methyl (Â±)-3-hydroxyhexanoate, also known as fema 3508 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta hydroxy acids and derivatives. Beta hydroxy acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituted with a hydroxyl group on the C3 carbon atom. Methyl (Â±)-3-hydroxyhexanoate is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, methyl (Â±)-3-hydroxyhexanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Methyl (Â±)-3-hydroxyhexanoate has a sweet, fruity, and juicy taste. 
it is an azabicycloalkane that is (1R,4R)-2,5-diazabicyclo[2.2.1]heptane which is substituted at position 2 by a 3-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-3-oxoprop-1-en-1-yl group and at position 5 by a pyridin-2-yl group. It is a potent and selective inhibitor of polybromo 1 (Kd = 48 nM), SMARCA2 and SMARCA4 (Kd = 89 nM) bromodomains. It is a member of pyridines, an azabicycloalkane, a member of phenols and an enone. 
it is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N,N'-di(propan-2-yl)-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a chloro group at position 6. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a triacyl lipopeptide that is the pentapeptide Cys-Ser-Lys-Lys-Lys-Lys in which the side-chain thiol hydrogen on the Cys residue has been replaced by a 2,3-bis(palmitoyloxy)propyl group. It is a diacyl lipopeptide and an organic sulfide. 
it is a omega-hydroxy fatty acid that is butyric acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid. 
CHLORODIFLUOROBROMOMETHANE is a colorless, nonflammable gas. It is mildly toxic by inhalation. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. It is used as a refrigerant gas. it is a one-carbon compound that is methane in which the hydrogens have been replaced by two fluorines, a bromine, and a chlorine. Widely used in 'vapourising liquid'-type fire extinguishers, its use is now generally banned under the Montreal Protocol (ozone-depleting substances), although it is still used in certain applications (e.g. aviation). It is a one-carbon compound, an organobromine compound, an organochlorine compound and an organofluorine compound. 
it is a lignan that is tetralin substituted by a 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxy group at position 4, hydroxymethyl groups at positions 2 and 3, methoxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and a hydroxy group at position 6. Isolated from Machilus robusta and Sinocalamus affinis, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a dimethoxybenzene, a lignan, a primary alcohol, a polyphenol and a member of tetralins. 
it is a triamino-1,3,5-triazine that is 1,3,5-triazine in which two of the hydrogens have been replaced by morpholin-4-yl groups while the third hydrogen has been replaced by a 2-(difluoromethyl)benzimidazol-1-yl group. It is an inhibitor of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of morpholines, a member of benzimidazoles, a triamino-1,3,5-triazine and an organofluorine compound. PI3K Inhibitor it is an orally available, s-triazine derivative, ATP-competitive phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. PI3K inhibitor it inhibits all four PI3K isoforms. Inhibiting the activation of the PI3K/AKT kinase (or protein kinase B) signaling pathway results in inhibition of tumor cell growth and survival in susceptible tumor cell populations. Dysregulated PI3K signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. This agent does not induce apoptosis but rather induces strong G(0)/G(1) arrest, which might contribute to its favorable efficacy in tumor cells. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dibenzothiophenes. These are organic heterocyclic compounds with a structure containing a dibenzothiophene moiety, made up of two benzene rings fused to a central thiophene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the n-acyl-alpha amino acids. These are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at the terminal nitrogen atom. This substance is known to target aspartate carbamoyltransferase catalytic chain and CAD protein. it is a stable transition state analogue for an aspartate transcarbamylase-catalyzed reaction with antineoplastic activity. it is a stable transition analogue of the activated complex for the reaction catalyzed by aspartate transcarbamylase, the first step in the pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. This agent inhibits de novo pyrimidine biosynthesis and increases the extent to which fluorouracil metabolites are incorporated into RNA. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of p-hydroxyhippuric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a N-acylglycinate and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a p-hydroxyhippuric acid. 
it is a yellow to dark-brown liquid with a skunk-like odor. Sinks in water. Freezing point is 37Â°F. (USCG, 1999) Diethyl 2-[(dimethoxyphosphorothioyl)thio]succinate is a diester that is diethyl succinate in which position 2 is substituted by a (dimethoxyphosphorothioyl)thio group. It is a diester, an ethyl ester and an organic thiophosphate. it is a synthetic phosphorous compound and cholinesterase inhibitor that is strictly used as a topical pediculicide. it exerts its action on the nervous system of the lice by irreversibly inhibiting the activity of cholinesterase, thereby allowing acetylcholine to accumulate at cholinergic synapses and enhancing cholinergic receptor stimulation. This eventually leads to the head lice's death. 
it is the cephem double ester prodrug of cefcanel, a semisynthetic third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it is hydrolyzed in the intestinal lumen and in the gut wall by esterases to form the active metabolite cefcanel. Cefcanel binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
DG(14:0/0:0/14:0), also known as diacylglycerol(28:0) or diglyceride, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-diacylglycerols. These are diacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at positions 1 and 3. DG(14:0/0:0/14:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, DG(14:0/0:0/14:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a colorless nonflammable gas. It is shipped as a liquid under pressure. It may be narcotic in high concentrations. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is used as a refrigerant. it is a member of fluoromethanes. It has a role as a refrigerant. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain keto acids and derivatives. These are keto acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-asparagine with the amino group of L-isoleucine. It is a dipeptide, a primary carboxamide, a secondary carboxamide, a primary amino compound and a carboxylic acid. It derives from a L-asparagine and a L-isoleucine. 
it is a 1,3-diazepanone ring with two 4-(hydroxymethyl)benzyl groups as substituents at positions N-1 and N-4, two benzyl groups at C-4 and C-7, and two hydroxy groups at C-5 and C-6 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is a diazepanone and a member of ureas. 
A Rho kinase inhibitor with norepinephrine transport inhibitory activity that reduces production of aqueous  As of December 18, 2017 the FDA approved Aerie Pharmaceutical's it (it ophthalmic solution) 0.02% for the indication of reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Acting as both a rho kinase inhibitor and a norepinephrine transport inhibitor, it is a novel glaucoma medication in that it specifically targets the conventional trabecular pathway of aqueous humour outflow to act as an inhibitor to the rho kinase and norepinephrine transporters found there as opposed to affecting protaglandin F2-alpha analog like mechanisms in the unconventional uveoscleral pathway that many other glaucoma medications demonstrate. 
it, also known as amk kynuramine CPD or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 
Pentacyclic triterpene saponins, biosynthesized from protoaescigenin and barringtogenol, occurring in the seeds of AESCULUS. It inhibits edema formation and decreases vascular fragility. 
An antihypertensive agent that acts by inhibiting selectively transmission in post-ganglionic adrenergic nerves. It is believed to act mainly by preventing the release of norepinephrine at nerve endings and causes depletion of norepinephrine in peripheral sympathetic nerve terminals as well as in tissues. 
Eplerenone is an aldosterone receptor antagonist and potassium-sparing diuretic used in the therapy of hypertension. Eplerenone therapy has been associated with transient elevations in serum aminotransferase levels, but has yet to be linked to cases of clinically apparent drug induced liver disease. Eplerenone is a selective aldosterone receptor antagonist. Eplerenone binds to the mineralocorticoid receptor and blocks the binding of aldosterone, thereby decreasing sodium resorption and subsequently increasing water outflow. This leads to a decrease in blood pressure. Eplerenone is used in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. 
it is an ether compound having methyl and isopropyl as the two alkyl groups. It has a role as an anaesthetic. 
it is the stable isotope of silicon with relative atomic mass 29.9737702. The least abundant (3.09 atom percent) isotope of naturally occurring silicon. 
An organoplatinum complex in which the platinum atom is complexed with 1,2-diaminocyclohexane, and with an oxalate ligand which is displaced to yield active oxaliplatin derivatives. These derivatives form inter- and intra-strand DNA crosslinks that inhibit DNA replication and transcription. Oxaliplatin is an antineoplastic agent that is often administered with FLUOROURACIL and FOLINIC ACID in the treatment of metastatic COLORECTAL NEOPLASMS. 
Basic polypeptide from the venom of the honey bee (Apis mellifera). It contains 26 amino acids, has cytolytic properties, causes contracture of muscle, releases histamine, and disrupts surface tension, probably due to lysis of cell and mitochondrial membranes. 
it is an EET obtained by formal epoxidation of the 5,6-double bond of arachidonic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Ethyl 2-chloro-3-{2-chloro-5-[4-(difluoromethyl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl]-4-fluorophenyl}propanoate is an ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-chloro-3-{2-chloro-5-[4-(difluoromethyl)-3-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-1,2,4-triazol-1-yl]-4-fluorophenyl}propanoic acid with ethanol. It has a role as a proherbicide. 
it is a zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the phosphate to the amino group of a glycerophosphoethanolamine. Positions 1 and 2 of sn-glycero-3-phospho-ethanolamine are substituted by geranylgeranyl groups. It is a tautomer of a 2,3-bis-O-(geranylgeranyl)-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside that is zeaxanthin in which both hydroxy groups have been converted to the corresponding glucosides. It is one of the most polar carotenoids found in nature (solubility in water is 800 ppm, compared with only 12.6 ppm for zeaxanthin itself). It is a beta-D-glucoside and a carotenoid. It derives from a zeaxanthin. 
it is a pale yellow gas with a pungent odor. It is commonly shipped as a cryogenic liquid. It is toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Contact with skin in lower than lethal concentrations causes chemical burns. It reacts with water to form hydrofluoric acid and oxygen. It is corrosive to most common materials. It reacts with most combustible materials to the point that ignition occurs. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may violently rupture and rocket. 
it (Bristol-Myers Squibb/Merck) is a new agent under investigation for the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes. It belongs to a novel class of drugs that target the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors, both alpha and gamma subtypes. In addition to improvements in blood glucose and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), it treatment is associated with a substantial reduction in triglycerides (TGs), an increase in HDL-C, and a modest decrease in LDL-C levels. it is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonist, with hypoglycemic activity. it causes an increase in HDL-C levels, and a decrease in total cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, triglycerides and HbA1c. This agent is associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular events and heart failure. 
it is a vitamin B6 phosphate that is the phosphoric ester derivative of pyridoxamine. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a vitamin B6 phosphate, an aminoalkylpyridine, a monohydroxypyridine and a member of methylpyridines. It derives from a pyridoxamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a long-chain alkane consisting of an unbranched chain of 44 carbon atoms. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
MG(0:0/22:0/0:0), also known as mag(0:0/22:0) or 1-monoacylglyceride, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-monoacylglycerols. These are monoacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at the 2-position. MG(0:0/22:0/0:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. MG(0:0/22:0/0:0) has been found throughout all human tissues. Within the cell, MG(0:0/22:0/0:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as g-t dipeptide or gly-THR, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03380793 (A Trial to Assess the Efficacy and Safety of it in Patients With Appendicitis). 
Fast yellow is an organic sodium salt that is 4-aminoazobenzene-3,4'-disulfonic acid in which the protons of both of the sulfo groups have been replaced by sodium ions. It is used as a biological stain. It was formerly used as a food coloring agent (E105), but its use in food or drinks is now forbidden. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a 4-aminoazobenzene-3,4'-disulfonate. 
it is a streptomycin phosphate, a nucleotide-oligosaccharide, an adenosine 5'-phosphate, an aldehyde, a member of guanidines and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It derives from a streptomycin. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
Tryptophanyl radical cation is an alpha-amino-acid radical cation. It derives from a tryptophan. It is a conjugate acid of a tryptophanyl radical. 
MoO2-molybdopterin cofactor is an Mo-molybdopterin cofactor in which the coordinated molybdenum species is MoO2. It is a conjugate acid of a MoO2-molybdopterin cofactor(2-). 
Formylthiophene is an aldehyde that is thiphene substituted by a formyl group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of thiophenes and an aldehyde. 
Keto-it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 3-phenylpropanoic acid substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It is an intermediate metabolite in the phenylalanine pathway. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite, a chromogenic compound and an EC 6.4.1.1 (pyruvate carboxylase) inhibitor. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a keto-phenylpyruvate. It is a tautomer of an enol-it. 
Rotundifolone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxepanes. Oxepanes are compounds containing an oxepane ring, which is a seven-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen and six carbon atoms. Rotundifolone exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, rotundifolone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Rotundifolone is a herbal and minty tasting compound that can be found in cornmint, herbs and spices, and spearmint. This makes rotundifolone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an orally available cholinergic agonist that is used to treat symptoms of dry mouth in patients with keratoconjunctivitis sicca (SjÃ¶gren syndrome). it has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a cholinergic analogue with glandular secretion stimulatory activity. it binds to and activates muscarinic receptors, thereby increasing the secretions in exocrine salivary and sweat glands. This cholinergic agonist also increases the tone of smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts. it is being studied as a treatment for dry mouth caused by radiation therapy to the head and neck. 
it is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of nitric acid and diethanolamine. It has a role as a protic solvent. It is an ionic liquid and an organoammonium salt. It contains a nitrate. 
it is a member of the class of cinnamic acids that is ferulic acid in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate, a member of cinnamic acids and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a ferulic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2,3-diketogulonic acid, and the major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid anion, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid anion and a carbohydrate acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 2,3-diketogulonic acid. 
it is a chloroolefin that is cyclohexa-1,4-diene substituted by chloro groups at positions 1, 3, 4 and 6. It is a chloroolefin and a cyclohexadiene. It derives from a hydride of a cyclohexa-1,4-diene. 
it appears as odorless white powder or granules. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a peroxide with antibacterial, irritant, keratolytic, comedolytic, and anti-inflammatory activity. Upon topical application, it decomposes to release oxygen which is lethal to the bacteria Proprionibacterium acnes. Due to its irritant effect, it increases turnover rate of epithelial cells, thereby peeling the skin and promoting the resolution of comedones. it is used in the treatment of acne vulgaris. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4'-(trifluoromethyl)biphenyl-2-carboxylic acid with the primary amino group of 9-[4-(4-aminopiperidin-1-yl)butyl]-N-(2,2,2-trifluoroethyl)-9H-fluorene-9-carboxamide. Used (as its mesylate salt) as a complement to a low-fat diet and other lipid-lowering treatments in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. It has a role as an anticholesteremic drug and a MTP inhibitor. It is a member of piperidines, a member of fluorenes, a member of benzamides and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a small molecule inhibitor of microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP), an enzyme located in the lumen of the endoplasmic reticulum responsible for absorbing dietary lipids and transferring triglycerides onto apolipoprotein B (apo-B) in the assembly of very-low-density lipoprotein. Inhibition of MTP by it blocks transfer of lipid to apo-B, and as a result emerging apo-B is destroyed and lipoprotein secretion is inhibited. 
it (INN) or ethylephedrine is a long-acting bronchodilator and has been an ingredient combined with other drugs in the brand names Nethaprin and Dalmacol. It was previously available as both the free base and as the hydrochloride salt manufactured by Sanofi-Aventis (now Sanofi) has been discontinued.  Ethylephedrine is be formed by alkylating ephedrine with ethyl iodide. The hydrochloride is be prepared by passing hydrogen chloride through a solution of ethylephedrine in diethyl ether.  This belongs to the family of medications called decongestants. It acts by narrowing blood vessels in the nasal passages, helping to relieve nasal congestion. 
it is an organofluorine compound and antineoplastic agent, used as its mesylate salt in treatment of metastatic melanoma. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a B-Raf inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a sulfonamide, an organofluorine compound, a member of 1,3-thiazoles and an aminopyrimidine. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of B-raf (BRAF) protein with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to and inhibits the activity of B-raf, which may inhibit the proliferation of tumor cells which contain a mutated BRAF gene. B-raf belongs to the raf/mil family of serine/threonine protein kinases and plays a role in regulating the MAP kinase/ERKs signaling pathway, which may be constitutively activated due to BRAF gene mutations. 
it appears as a colorless low-boiling liquid (b.p. 39Â°C) that is denser than water. Flash point is less than 20Â° F. Very toxic by inhalation. Can be absorbed through the skin. Has a sharp odor, but the sense of smell cannot be relied upon to warn of the presence of vapors at low concentrations.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 2.1 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Intermediate in manufacturing; reacts with H20 (don't use in fire). it is the isocyanate that is methane modified by a single isocyanato substituent. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and an allergen. 
it is a pentasubstituted dihydropyridine carrying methoxycarbonyl, 2-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl and nitro substituents at positions 3, 4 and 5 respectively as well as two methyl substituents at positions 2 and 6. It is a dihydropyridine, a methyl ester, a C-nitro compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in black walnut and nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
(3R,5S)-it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the carboxy group of (3R,5S)-fluvastatin by a sodium ion. It is an organic sodium salt and a statin (synthetic). It contains a (3R,5S)-fluvastatin(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (3S,5R)-it. Fluvastatin Sodium is the sodium salt of a synthetic lipid-lowering agent with potential antineoplastic activity. Fluvastatin competitively inhibits hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses through the suppression of MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. Through the inhibition of mevalonate synthesis, statins, like fluvastatin, have been shown to inhibit the production of dolichol, geranylpyrophosphate (GPP) and farnesylpyrophosphate (FPP) and the isoprenylation of the intracellular G-proteins Ras and Rho, which may result in antiangiogenic, apoptotic, and antimetastatic effects in susceptible tumor cell populations. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is the 2,3-dihydro derivative of biochanin A. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavanone and a methoxyisoflavanone. It derives from a biochanin A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid that is tricosanoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an animal metabolite. It derives from a tricosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxytricosanoate. 
it is a benziodoxole compound having hydroxy and oxo substituents at the 1-position and an oxo substituent at the 3-position. It is a tautomer of an ortho-iodylbenzoic acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid comprising 2-hydroxy-2H-pyran having two carboxy groups located at the 4- and 6-positions. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a member of pyrans and a lactol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a potent androgen receptor (AR) antagonist that selectively binds to the ligand-binding domain of AR and blocks AR nuclear translocation or binding to androgen response elements. It has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Hepatic Impairment, Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer, and Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant, among others. Exerting an antitumor action, it blocking the effect of androgens that promote tumor growth. It targets the AR ligand-binding domain and prevents AR nuclear translocation, DNA binding, and transcription of AR gene targets in prostate tumors. In mice bearing human CRPC xenograft models, it treatment produced tumor regressions in a dose-dependent manner that was more effective than that of [DB01128] or [DB08899]. Unlike bicalutamide, it antagonized AR-mediated signaling in AR overexpressing human CRPC cell lines.  Androgen-deprivation therapy, or hormone therapy, can be used as part of maintenance therapy for patients with non-metastatic prostate cancer. Although most patients achieve therapeutic responses at the initial hormone therapy, many patients progress to non-metastatic castration-resistant (resistance to hormone therapy) prostate cancer which is the second-most common cause of cancer-related deaths in American males. Castration-resistant prostate cancer is often incurable, which poses significant clinical challenges for patients. Approximately 10 to 20 % of prostate cancer cases are castration-resistant, and up to 16% of these patients show no evidence of cancer metastasis at the time of castration-resistant diagnosis. Higher prostate-specific antigen (PSA) and shorter PSA doubling time (PSA DT) are associated with a higher risk for metastases and death. In a phase-2 multicenter open-label study, 89% of patients with non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer had â‰¥50% PSA decline at week 12 of it treatment. In a randomized trial, the median metastasis-free survival for patients taking it was 40.5 months compared to 16.2 months for patients taking a placebo. it displayed good tolerability and safety profile in clinical studies.   it was approved in February 2018 by the FDA as Erleada for the treatment of patients with non-metastatic prostate cancer that is resistant to treatment with hormone therapy (castration-resistant). It is available as oral tablets. it is the first FDA-approved treatment for non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer. it is a small molecule and androgen receptor (AR) antagonist with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to AR in target tissues thereby preventing androgen-induced receptor activation and facilitating the formation of inactive complexes that cannot be translocated to the nucleus. This prevents binding to and transcription of AR-responsive genes. This ultimately inhibits the expression of genes that regulate prostate cancer cell proliferation and may lead to an inhibition of cell growth in AR-expressing tumor cells. 
2, 4, 6-Trimethylphenol, also known as 2-hydroxymesitylene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as para cresols. Para cresols are compounds containing a para cresol moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing one hydroxyl group at ring positions 1 and 4. 2, 4, 6-Trimethylphenol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2, 4, 6-Trimethylphenol has a mild and phenolic taste. 
it is a heterodetic cyclic peptide produced by the fungus Cochliobolus victoriae that is required for pathogenicity in the organism It has a role as a mycotoxin. It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide, an organochlorine compound and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 4-dehydro-2,6-dideoxy-D-glucose as the sugar component. It is a dTDP-sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a dTDP-D-glucose. 
it is the sulfonamide resulting from formal condensation of the sulfo group of 4-ethoxy-3-(5-methyl-7-propylimidazo[5,1-f][1,2,4]triazin-4(1H)-one-2-yl)benzenesulfonic acid and the secondary amino group of 4-ethylpiperazine. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, an imidazotriazine and a N-sulfonylpiperazine. it is a benzenesulfonamide derivative and phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitor with vasodilatory activity. it selectively inhibits PDE5, thus inhibiting the degradation of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) found in the smooth muscle of the corpus cavernosa and corpus spongiosum of the penis. The inhibition of cGMP degradation results in prolonged muscle relaxation, vasodilation, and blood engorgement of the corpus cavernosa, prolonging penile erection. 
Afimoxifene is a tertiary amino compound that is tamoxifen in which the phenyl group which is in a Z- relationship to the ethyl substituent is hydroxylated at the para- position. It is the active metabolite of tamoxifen. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an estrogen receptor antagonist and a metabolite. It is a tertiary amino compound and a member of phenols. It derives from a tamoxifen. Afimoxifene is a tamoxifen metabolite with both estrogenic and anti-estrogenic effects. Afimoxifene has a higher affinity for the estrogen receptor than tamoxifen, and functions as an antagonist in breast cancer cells. 
it is a polyether antibiotic which affects ion transport and ATPase activity in mitochondria. It is produced by Streptomyces hygroscopicus. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent, a potassium ionophore and a bacterial metabolite. 
Phenylalanine is an aromatic amino acid that is alanine in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a phenyl group. It has a role as a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is an alpha-amino acid and an aromatic amino acid. It contains a benzyl group. It is a conjugate base of a phenylalaninium. It is a conjugate acid of a phenylalaninate. it is a racemic mixture of phenylalanine, an aromatic amino acid with antidepressant, analgesic and appetite suppressant properties. The antidepressant effect of it may be accounted for by its precursor role in the synthesis of the neurotransmitters norepinephrine and dopamine. Elevated brain norepinephrine and dopamine levels are thought to be associated with antidepressant effects. This agent also plays a role in alleviating mood swings of premenstrual syndrome (PMS), increasing energy and mental alertness and heighten the ability to focus in individuals with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). 
it is a cis-1-acetyl-4-(4-{[2-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-2-(1H-imidazol-1-ylmethyl)-1,3-dioxolan-4-yl]methoxy}phenyl)piperazine which dioxolane moiety has (2R,4S)-configuration. It is an enantiomer of a (2S,4R)-ketoconazole. Ketoconazole is a synthetic derivative of phenylpiperazine with broad antifungal properties and potential antineoplastic activity. Ketoconazole inhibits sterol 14-a-dimethylase, a microsomal cytochrome P450-dependent enzyme, thereby disrupting synthesis of ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell wall. (NCI04) 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is lupa-1,20(29)-diene substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It has been isolated from Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic terpene ketone. It derives from a hydride of a lupane. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a fruity biting irritating odor. Vapors irritate eyes and skin. Very toxic by inhalation. Denser than water and vapors are heavier than air. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from a valerate. It is a conjugate base of an acetylpyruvic acid. 
it is a flavone C-glycoside that is luteolin attached to a disaccharide residue at position 6. It has been isolated from natural product Petrorhagia velutina and Zea mays and exhibits insecticidal and neuroprotective activities. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an insecticide and a neuroprotective agent. It is a flavone C-glycoside, a disaccharide derivative, a tetrahydroxyflavone and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a luteolin. 
it appears as a liquid of density 1.07 g / cm3, boiling point 95-96Â°C, and flash point 55Â°F. Highly toxic. Supplied in technical grades of varying purity. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a characteristic aromatic odor. Flash point 40Â°F. Less dense than water (7.2 lb / gal) and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. May be toxic by inhalation, ingestion or skin contact. Used in aviation and automotive fuels, as a solvent, and to make other chemicals. it is the simplest member of the class its consisting of a benzene core which bears a single methyl substituent. It has a role as a non-polar solvent, a cholinergic antagonist, a neurotoxin and a fuel additive. It is a it, a volatile organic compound and a member of its. it is an aromatic hydrocarbon composed of a benzene ring linked to one methyl group. it is used a solvent or as a chemical intermediate in various industrial applications. Rapid inhalation of high concentrations of it can cause severe neurological complications. 
it is an member of the class of biphenyls that is 2,2',5,5'-tetrachlorobiphenyl in which the 4 and 4' positions are substituted by methylsulfonyl groups. It is a sulfone, a member of biphenyls and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a 2,2',5,5'-tetrachlorobiphenyl. 
it is an N-sulfonylcarboxamide that is N-(methylsulfonyl)benzamide in which the phenyl ring is substituted by a nitro group at position 2 and a 2-chloro-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy group at position 5. A protoporphyrinogen oxidase inhibitor, it was specially developed for use (generally as the corresponding sodium salt, it-sodium) for post-emergence control of broad-leaf weeds in soya. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, a N-sulfonylcarboxamide, a C-nitro compound, an organofluorine compound, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenols. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the monocarboxylic acid anion formed by loss of a proton from the carboxy group of L-rhamnosyl-3-hydroxydecanoyl-3-hydroxydecanoic acid; principal microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a L-rhamnosyl-3-hydroxydecanoyl-3-hydroxydecanoic acid. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used in medicine and as a food preservative. 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolopyridines that is a potent inhibitor of the antiapoptotic protein B-cell lymphoma 2. It is used for treamtment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia with 17p deletion. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and a B-cell lymphoma 2 inhibitor. It is a member of oxanes, a member of nitrobenzenes, a N-sulfonylcarboxamide, an aromatic ether, a pyrrolopyridine, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a N-arylpiperazine and a N-alkylpiperazine. it is an orally bioavailable, selective small molecule inhibitor of the anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2, with potential antineoplastic activity. it mimics BH3-only proteins, the native ligands of Bcl-2 and apoptosis activators, by binding to the hydrophobic groove of Bcl-2 proteins thereby repressing Bcl-2 activity and restoring apoptotic processes in tumor cells. Bcl-2 protein is overexpressed in some cancers and plays an important role in the regulation of apoptosis; its expression is associated with increased drug resistance and tumor cell survival. Compared to the Bcl-2 inhibitor navitoclax, this agent does not inhibit bcl-XL and does not cause bcl-XL-mediated thrombocytopenia. 
it is an organic sulfamate oxoanion resulting from the removal of the proton from the sulfamic acid group of N-sulfo-D-glucosamine. It is a conjugate base of a N-sulfo-D-glucosamine. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is lactic acid in which the carboxylic acid group has been converted to the corresponding carboxamide. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a rac-lactic acid. 
Obacunone, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as limonoids. These are highly oxygenated, modified terpenoids with a prototypical structure either containing or derived from a precursor with a 4, 4, 8-trimethyl-17-furanylsteroid skeleton. All naturally occurring citrus limonoids contain a furan ring attached to the D-ring, at C-17, as well as oxygen containing functional groups at C-3, C-4, C-7, C-16 and C-17. Obacunone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, obacunone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, obacunone can be found in a number of food items such as pomes, mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), lemon, and sweet orange. This makes obacunone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1-Hydroxy-1, 3-diphenylpropan-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as linear 1, 3-diarylpropanoids. These are organic compounds with a structure based on a C6-C3-C6 skeleton, where the two benzene rings are not linked together. 1-Hydroxy-1, 3-diphenylpropan-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
An enzyme that catalyzes the endonucleolytic cleavage of pancreatic ribonucleic acids to 3'-phosphomono- and oligonucleotides ending in cytidylic or uridylic acids with 2',3'-cyclic phosphate intermediates. EC 3.1.27.5. 
it is an alpha-D-GalpNAc-(1->3)-D-GalpNAc having beta-configuration at the reducing end anomeric centre. It has a role as an antigen and an epitope. 
it is a fatty amide, a member of catechols and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a dopamine and an arachidonic acid. 
it is a 3rd generation fluoroquinolone antibiotic developed by Bayer HealthCare AG, Animal Health GmBH. It was approved by the European Commission in April 2011 for bacterial infections in dogs and cats. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
CDK Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailable diaminopyrimidine compound and a cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. CDKs are ATP-dependent serine/threonine kinases that are important regulators of cell cycle progression and are frequently overexpressed in cancerous cells. it selectively binds to and inhibits CDKs, especially CDK1/cyclin B, CDK2/cyclin E, and CDK4/cyclin D1. The inhibition of CDKs results in cell cycle arrest, inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, and induction of apoptosis. By inhibiting CDK activity, it also reduces phosphorylation of the retinoblastoma (Rb) protein, thereby preventing activation of transcription factor E2F and leading to further suppression of tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a chlorite-based, immunomodulating drug is developed by Nuvo Research Inc. Certain preclinical evidence and clinical pilot data suggest that it may be effective in treating certain cancers. The Corporation believes the research to-date demonstrates that it acts on macrophages (a type of white blood cell) by modulating the balance between inflammation and phagocytosis, a state in which the body digests foreign, potentially harmful substances. The Corporation has commenced a Phase II clinical trial in an effort to demonstrate the efficacy of it in combination with Xeloda (capecitabine) in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The trial is being conducted in Germany at the University of Heidelberg and the National Centre for Tumor Diseases. 
it is a primary amine. It has a role as a dopaminergic agent, an adrenergic agent, a sympathomimetic agent, an appetite depressant, a central nervous system stimulant and a central nervous system drug. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a natural monoamine alkaloid derivative and a sympathomimetic stimulant with appetite suppressant property. it, which was part of the Fen-Phen anti-obesity medication, stimulates hypothalamic release of norepinephrine, a neurotransmitter involved in stress responses (fight-or-flight reactions), and reduces hunger sensation. it also causes the release of epinephrine or adrenaline outside of the brain, resulting in breakdown of stored fat. 
it is a phorbol ester that consists of 16-hydroxyphorbol bearing O-hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl) and O-decanoyl substituents at position 12 and 13 respectively. It is a phorbol ester and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
Aurothiosulfate(3-) is an inorganic anion that is a linear coordination complex of gold(I) bound to two thiosulfate ligands. It is a gold coordination entity, an inorganic anion and a trivalent inorganic anion. 
4-(Dimethylamino)-3-methyl-1, 2-diphenylbutan-2-ol, also known as oxiphene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. 4-(Dimethylamino)-3-methyl-1, 2-diphenylbutan-2-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a carbamate ester that is fumagillol in which the hydroxy group has been converted to the corresponding N-(chloroacetyl)carbamate derivative. It has a role as a methionine aminopeptidase 2 inhibitor, a retinoic acid receptor alpha antagonist, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor. It is a carbamate ester, a sesquiterpenoid, an organochlorine compound, a semisynthetic derivative and a spiro-epoxide. It derives from a fumagillol. 
it is a colorless liquid with a flash point of 120Â°F. When heated to high temperatures it may release acrid smoke and fumes. If it is subjected to heat for prolonged periods or becomes contaminated, it is subject to polymerization. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may violently rupture. The vapors are heavier than air. It may be irritating to skin and eyes and produce a narcotic effect. It is used in making acrylic resins. 
Diethyl (1-{[(2-chloroethyl)(nitroso)carbamoyl]amino}ethyl)phosphonate is a member of the class of N-nitrosoureas that is ethyl diethylphosphonate in the hydrogen at position 1 of the ethyl group attached to the phosphorus has been replaced by a [(2-chloroethyl)(nitroso)carbamoyl]amino group. It is an organic phosphonate, a member of N-nitrosoureas and an organochlorine compound. it is a chloroethylating nitrosourea with antineoplastic activity. it alkylates guanine by forming chloroethyl adducts at the 6 position of guanine, resulting in N1-guanine and N3-cytosine cross linkages, inhibition of DNA synthesis, cell cycle arrest, and finally apoptosis. This agent is lipophilic and crosses the blood-brain barrier. 
it is a member of the class of prostaglandins C that is prosta-5,11,13-trien-1-oic acid carrying oxo and hydroxy substituents at positions 9 and 15 respectively (the 5Z,13E,15S-stereoisomer). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Chlormerodrin ((203)Hg) is chlormerodrin containing the radioactive isotope (203)Hg. It was formerly used as a diagnostic aid in determination of renal function. It has a role as a radioactive imaging agent. It is a chlormerodrin and an isotopically modified compound. 
it is an enol that is 3-methylbut-1-ene in which one of the terminal hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It derives from a hydride of an isopentane. 
it is an alkanesulfonic acid in which the alkyl group directly linked to the sulfo functionality is methyl. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an alkanesulfonic acid and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a methanesulfonate. 
it is a C19-gibberellin that is a pentacyclic diterpenoid responsible for promoting growth and development in plants. Initially identified in Gibberella fujikuroi, it differs from gibberellin A1 in lacking the OH at C-7 (gibbane numbering). It has a role as a plant metabolite, a bacterial metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a lactone, a gibberellin monocarboxylic acid and a C19-gibberellin. 
it is a lipid soluble methotrexate derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, thereby preventing the synthesis of purine nucleotides and thymidylate, with subsequent inhibition of DNA and RNA synthesis. it also exhibits antiviral activity. (NCI04) 
it is a terminal acetylenic compound that is but-1-yne with one of the methyl hydrogens substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a terminal acetylenic compound and a member of butyn-1-ols. 
N(6)-dimethylallyladenine is a 6-isopentenylaminopurine in which has the isopentenyl double bond is located between the 2 and 3 positions of the isopentenyl group. It has a role as a cytokinin. 
it is a steroid ester, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, an acetate ester, a fluorinated steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It derives from a betamethasone. 
it is a wax ester obtained by the formal condensation of palmityl alcohol with stearic acid. It is a wax ester and an octadecanoate ester. It derives from a hexadecan-1-ol. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02974868 (Study To Evaluate The Efficacy And Safety Profile Of it And PF-06700841 In Subjects With Alopecia Areata). 
it is a vanadium oxoanion in which a central vanadium is divalently bound to two oxygens and monovalently bound to a hydroxide. 
it is one of a pair of phellandrene cyclic monoterpene double-bond isomers in which both double bonds are endocyclic (cf. it, where one of them is exocyclic). It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a phellandrene and a cyclohexadiene. 
it appears as a solid alloy of iron and silicon. Used to add silicon to iron and steel. it is an odorless, crystalline solid metal. It is flammable and can react explosively with oxidizing materials. In the presence of moisture or water it may emit toxic and explosive fumes. It is used in magnesium processing. 
A synthetic PGE2 analog that has an inhibitory effect on gastric acid secretion, a mucoprotective effect, and a postprandial lowering effect on gastrin. It has been shown to be efficient and safe in the treatment of gastroduodenal ulcers. 
it is a colorless gas with a faint petroleum-like odor. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. It is easily ignited. The vapors are heavier than air. Any leak can either be liquid or vapor. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is an alkane that is propane substituted by a methyl group at position 2. It has a role as a food propellant and a refrigerant. It is an alkane and a gas molecular entity. 
it is an amino disaccharide consisting of alpha- and beta-D-kanosaminyl residues joined by a (1<->1)-linkage. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a metabolite. It is a glycosyl glycoside derivative and an amino disaccharide. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is a pale yellow liquid with garlic-like odor. Corrosive. Used as an insecticide. it is an organic thiophosphate, an organophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It derives from a 4-bromo-2-chlorophenol. 
it is a steroid acid that is 5beta-cholestan-26-oic acid which is substituted by hydroxy groups as the 3alpha, 7alpha, and 12alpha positions. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid and a steroid acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3alpha,7alpha,12alpha-trihydroxy-5beta-cholestan-26-oate(1-). It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it is a steroid derivative characterized by the hydroxyl group in position C-3 of the steroid skeleton, and a saturated bond in position 5-6 of the B ring. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavanone that is isoflavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 2' and a methoxy group at position 4'. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavanone, a methoxyisoflavanone and a member of (3R)-2'-hydroxyisoflavanones. 
it, liquid appears as a colorless liquid with a characteristic odor. Flash point 163Â° F. Density 14 lb / gal. Insoluble in water. Toxic by inhalation and by skin absorption. it is an organolead compound consisting of four ethyl groups joined to a central lead atom. It derives from a hydride of a plumbane. 
it is the L-enantiomer of tryptophanium. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-tryptophan. It is an enantiomer of a D-tryptophanium. Tryptophan is the least plentiful of all 22 amino acids and an essential amino acid in humans (provided by food), Tryptophan is found in most proteins and a precursor of serotonin. Tryptophan is converted to 5-hydroxy-tryptophan (5-HTP), converted in turn to serotonin, a neurotransmitter essential in regulating appetite, sleep, mood, and pain. Tryptophan is a natural sedative and present in dairy products, meats, brown rice, fish, and soybeans. (NCI04) 
2, 6-Dimethyl-3-[(2-methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-4-heptanone, also known as 1, 3-diisopropylacetonyl 2-methyl-3-furyl sulfide or 3-((2-methyl-3-furyl)thio)-2, 6-dimethyl-4-heptanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 2, 6-Dimethyl-3-[(2-methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-4-heptanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethyl-3-[(2-methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-4-heptanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 6-Dimethyl-3-[(2-methyl-3-furanyl)thio]-4-heptanone has a meaty taste. 
A cardioselective ADRENERGIC BETA-1 RECEPTOR ANTAGONIST (beta-blocker) that functions as a VASODILATOR through the endothelial L-arginine/ NITRIC OXIDE system. It is used to manage HYPERTENSION and chronic HEART FAILURE in elderly patients. 
it is a hydrochloride that is the monohydrochloride salt of clenbuterol. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a beta-adrenergic agonist and a sympathomimetic agent. It contains a clenbuterol(1+). 
A copper-containing oxidoreductase enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of 4-benzenediol to 4-benzosemiquinone. It also has activity towards a variety of O-quinols and P-quinols. It primarily found in FUNGI and is involved in LIGNIN degradation, pigment biosynthesis and detoxification of lignin-derived products. 
Beta-(methylenecyclopropyl)pyruvic acid is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by a methylenecyclopropyl group. It has a role as a rat metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a member of cyclopropanes and an olefinic compound. It derives from a pyruvic acid. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester of undecanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an undecanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of monohydroxypyridines that acts as an irreversible mitochondrial Complex I inhibitor that strongly associates with ubiquinone binding sites in both mitochondrial and bacterial forms of NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase It has a role as a mitochondrial respiratory-chain inhibitor, an EC 1.6.5.3 [NADH:ubiquinone reductase (H(+)-translocating)] inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a monohydroxypyridine, a member of methylpyridines, an aromatic ether and a secondary allylic alcohol. 
it is a tetrahydropyridine bearing an acetyl group in the 6 position. It is the tautomer of CHEBI:59533 It is a tautomer of a 6-acetyl-2,3,4,5-tetrahydropyridine. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is N-(2-carboxybenzenesulfonyl)urea bearing additional methyl and 4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl substituents at position N3. A foliar acting, post-emergence herbicide used to control broad-leaved weeds in cereals, normally used as the methyl variant. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a N-sulfonylurea, a methoxy-1,3,5-triazine and a member of benzoic acids. 
it is an enone that is cyclopentanone having a C=C double bond at position 2. It has a role as a Hsp70 inducer. It is an enone and an alicyclic ketone. 
it is an amino disaccharide consisting of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine attached to D-ribitol via a beta-(1->4)-linkage; epitope of Staphylococcus aureus. It has a role as an epitope. 
it is alpha-D-Manp-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Manp-(1->6)]-beta-D-Manp-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcpNAc-(1->4)-D-GlcpNAc in which the anomeric configuration of the reducing-end GlcNAc residue is beta. It has a role as an epitope. 
it, also known as fema 3383, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it is a fat, fatty, and green tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as green bell pepper, fruits, herbs and spices, and sweet orange. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an extended flavonoid that consists of a pyranochromane skeleton that is 2H,6H-pyrano[3,2-g]chromen-6-one substituted by geminal methyl groups at position 2, a 2,4-dihydroxyphenyl group at position 8, a hydroxy group at position 5 and a prenyl group at position 7. Isolated from Morus alba and Morus species it exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is an extended flavonoid, a pyranochromane and a trihydroxyflavone. 
it is an organic bromide salt and a xanthene dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a rhod-2(1+). 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by a lavandulyl group at position 8, hydroxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' and a methoxy group at position 2'. Isolated from the roots of Sophora flavescens and Sophora leachiana, it exhibits antineoplastic and antimalarial activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an antimalarial. It is a monomethoxyflavanone, a trihydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of methylmalonyl-CoA. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it dichloride is an organic chloride salt having nitro blue tetrazolium(2+) as the counterion. It contains a nitro blue tetrazolium(2+). 
it is a member of the class of pyridines that is pyridine which is substituted by a 2-methyl-2H-tetrazol-5-yl group at position 2 and by a 2-fluoro-4-[(5R)-5-(hydroxymethyl)-2-oxo-1,3-oxazolidin-3-yl]phenyl group at position 5. It is used as its phosphate pro-drug used for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused by certain susceptible bacteria, including Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant strains (MRSA) and methicillin-susceptible strains), various Streptococcus species, and Enterococcus faecalis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a drug metabolite and a protein synthesis inhibitor. It is a member of pyridines, a member of tetrazoles, an organofluorine compound, an oxazolidinone, a primary alcohol and a carbamate ester. 
Dimethyldithiophosphate, also known as DMDTP, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phosphorodithioic acid o, o-diesters. These are organooxygen compounds that contain a phosphorodithioic acid, which is O, O-disubstituted by an organyl group. Dimethyldithiophosphate has been primarily detected in urine. 
Gadopentetic acid is a Paramagnetic Contrast Agent. The mechanism of action of gadopentetic acid is as a Magnetic Resonance Contrast Activity. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Combustible but may require some effort to ignite. Toxic by inhalation (vapor, dust, etc.) and ingestion. it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid and an organic heteroheptacyclic compound. 
it is the L-enantiomer of homoserine lactone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a D-homoserine lactone. 
NADP(+) is a NAD(P)(+) and a NADP. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a NADP zwitterion and a NADP(3-). 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavan in which the four hydroxy groups are located at positions 3', 4', 5 and 7. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a (2S)-flavan. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechins. Catechins are compounds containing a catechin moiety, which is a 3, 4-dihydro-2-chromene-3, 5. 7-tiol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in nuts. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Cisplatin is a Platinum-based Drug. The chemical classification of cisplatin is Platinum-containing Compounds. Cisplatin is an alkylating-like inorganic platinum agent (cis-diamminedichloroplatinum) with antineoplastic activity. Cisplatin forms highly reactive, charged, platinum complexes which bind to nucleophilic groups such as GC-rich sites in DNA inducing intrastrand and interstrand DNA cross-links, as well as DNA-protein cross-links. These cross-links result in apoptosis and cell growth inhibition. 
This is a chemical weapon related to sulfur mustard (mustard gas) and is expected to react in a similar fashion. See the chemical datasheet for sulfur mustard for more information. 
Salts and esters of ALGINIC ACID that are used as HYDROGELS; DENTAL IMPRESSION MATERIALS, and as absorbent materials for surgical dressings (BANDAGES, HYDROCOLLOID). They are also used to manufacture MICROSPHERES and NANOPARTICLES for DIAGNOSTIC REAGENT KITS and DRUG DELIVERY SYSTEMS. 
it is a spiro compound that is vetispirane that has been dehydrogenated to introduce a double bond position 6-7 and in which the isopropyl subsbstituent has been replaced by a prop-1-en-2-yl group (the 2R,5S,10R isomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a spiro compound and a sesquiterpene. It derives from a hydride of a vetispirane. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a fishlike odor. Flash point 100Â°F. Corrosive to tissue. Less dense than water and soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals, as a corrosion inhibitor, and in detergents. it is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent and a member of its. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty alcohols. These are fatty alcohols that have an aliphatic tail of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in avocado and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as yellow to green to bluish-black, iridescent crystals. Sublimes with decomposition at 2700Â°C. Density 3.21 g cm-3. Insoluble in water. Soluble in molten alkalis (NaOH, KOH) and molten iron. 
it is a dark pink powder. (NTP, 1992) Rhodamine 6G(1+) is a cationic fluorescent dye derived from 9-phenylxanthene. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a xanthene dye and an organic cation. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid consisting of fumaric acid having a methyl substituent at the 2-position. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It derives from a fumaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a hydroxyalkyl phosphate consisting of propane-1,2-diol having a phosphate group at the 1-position. It derives from a propane-1,2-diol. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxypropyl phosphate(2-). 
it is the spermidine amide of glutathione. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a spermidine. It is a conjugate base of a glutathionylspermidinium(2+). 
it is a benzodiazepine that is 5H-dibenzo[b,e][1,4]diazepine substituted by a chloro group at position 8 and a 4-methylpiperazin-1-yl group at position 11. It is a second generation antipsychotic used in the treatment of psychiatric disorders like schizophrenia. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist, a dopaminergic antagonist, an adrenergic antagonist, a histamine antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist, a second generation antipsychotic, a GABA antagonist, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a benzodiazepine, a N-methylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine and an organochlorine compound. it is a synthetic dibenzo-diazepine derivative, atypical antipsychotic it blocks several neurotransmitter receptors in the brain (dopamine type 4, serotonin type 2, norepinephrine, acetylcholine, and histamine receptors). Unlike traditional antipsychotic agents, it weakly blocks dopamine type 2 receptors. It relieves schizophrenic symptoms (hallucinations, delusions, dementia). (NCI04) 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Cis-retinoic acid is a yellow-orange to orange crystalline powder; orange-brown chunky solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a retinoic acid that is all-trans-retinoic acid in which the double bond which is alpha,beta- to the carboxy group is isomerised to Z configuration. A synthetic retinoid, it is used for the treatment of severe cases of acne and other skin diseases. It has a role as a keratolytic drug, an antineoplastic agent and a teratogenic agent. it is a naturally-occurring retinoic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and activates nuclear retinoic acid receptors (RARs); activated RARs serve as transcription factors that promote cell differentiation and apoptosis. This agent also exhibits immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory responses and inhibits ornithine decarboxylase, thereby decreasing polyamine synthesis and keratinization. 
it is a taxane diterpenoid that is taxane which contains double bounds at the 4-20 and 11-12 positions and which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 5alpha and 13alpha positions. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a taxane diterpenoid, a diol and a secondary alcohol. 
it is quinuclidine in which a hydrogen atom at position 3 is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a member of quinuclidines, a tertiary amine and a secondary alcohol. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety (Â±)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from an adenosine 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Yttrium 90 has been investigated for the treatment of Colon Cancer and Colorectal Cancer. Radioactive isotope of yttrium. A beta/gamma-emitter with a half life of 2.7 days. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isobutyl octanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of memantine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. A low to moderate affinity uncompetitive (open-channel); NMDA receptor antagonist which binds preferentially to the NMDA receptor-operated cation channels. It has a role as an antidepressant, an antiparkinson drug, a dopaminergic agent, a neuroprotective agent and a NMDA receptor antagonist. It contains a memantinium(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of memantine, a low-affinity, voltage-dependent, noncompetitive N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist. Memantine binds to and inhibits cation channels of glutamanergic NMDA receptors located in the central nervous system (CNS), preventing the prolonged influx of calcium ions and the associated neuronal excitotoxicity, and thereby potentially enhancing cognitive function. Memantine is also a 5-hydroxytryptamine type 3 (5HT3) receptor and nicotinic receptor antagonist. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of pethidine. An analgesic used for the treatment of postoperative and labour pain. It has a role as a kappa-opioid receptor agonist, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an antispasmodic drug and an opioid analgesic. It contains a pethidine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of a synthetic piperidine ester with opioid analgesic activity. Meperidine mimics the actions of endogenous neuropeptides via opioid receptors such as the mu-opioid receptor, thereby producing characteristic morphine-like effects including analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia and physical dependence. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a D-altronate. 
Guaicyl phenylacetate, also known as fema 2535 or O-methylcatechol acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. Guaicyl phenylacetate exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, guaicyl phenylacetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Guaicyl phenylacetate has a balsam, floral, and heavy taste. 
it is an androstanoid having 17beta-hydroxy and 3-oxo groups, together with unsaturation at C-4-C-5.. It has a role as an androgen, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an androstanoid, a C19-steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. Therapeutic it is a synthetic form of the endogenous androgenic steroid it. In vivo, it is irreversibly converted to dihydroit (DHT) in target tissues by the enzyme 5-alpha reductase. it or DHT ligand-androgen receptor complexes act as transcription factor complexes, stimulating the expression of various responsive genes. DHT binds with higher affinity to androgen receptors than it, activating gene expression more efficiently. In addition, it is irreversibly converted to estradiol by the enzyme complex aromatase, particularly in the liver and adipose tissue. it and DHT promote the development and maintenance of male sex characteristics related to the internal and external genitalia, skeletal muscle, and hair follicles; estradiol promotes epiphyseal maturation and bone mineralization. Due to rapid metabolism by the liver, therapeutic it is generally administered as an ester derivative. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 5 and 7 and a prenyl group at position 8 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavanone, a member of dihydroflavonols and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic having (4-carbamoyl-1-azoniabicyclo[2.2.2]octan-1-yl)methyl and [(2Z)-2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetyl]amino side groups located at positions 3 and 7 respectively. It is a cephalosporin and a member of thiadiazoles. it is a fourth-generation, parenteral cephalosporin with strong activity against glucose non-fermentative bacillus bacteria, but is ineffective against gram-positive cocci. 
Absence of it leads to accumulation of toxic levels of sulphite and neurological damage usually leading to death within months of birth, due to the lack of active sulfite oxidase. 
it is a thienopyridine that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydrothieno[3,2-c]pyridine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by an o-chlorobenzyl group, the methylene hydrogen of which is replaced by a methoxycarbonyl group (the S enantiomer). A P2Y12 receptor antagonist, it is used to inhibit blood clots and prevent heart attacks. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, an anticoagulant and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist. It is a thienopyridine, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a methyl ester. It derives from a ticlopidine. it is a thienopyridine, with antiplatelet activity. it targets, irreversibly binds to and alters the platelet receptor for adenosine diphosphate (ADP), thereby blocking the binding of ADP to its receptor, inhibiting ADP-mediated activation of the glycoprotein complex GPIIb/IIIa, and inhibiting fibrinogen binding to platelets and platelet adhesion and aggregation. This results in increased bleeding time. 
L-it is the six-membered ring form of it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is an aromatic ether resulting from oxidative dimerisation between the 4-hydroxy group of one molecule of (1R)-1-(4-hydroxybenzyl)-6-methoxy-2-methyl-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinolin-7-ol and the 3-position of the 4-hydroxybenzyl group of another. It is a member of phenols, a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic ether and a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid. It derives from a dauricine. 
it is an oral antagonist of the CGRP receptor developed by Biohaven Pharmaceuticals. It received FDA approval on February 27, 2020 for the acute treatment migraine headache. While several parenteral antagonists of CGRP and its receptor have been approved for migraine therapy (e.g. [erenumab], [fremanezumab], [galcanezumab]), it and [ubrogepant] are the only members of the \ 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 88Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Very toxic by inhalation, ingestion and/or skin contact. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde and a member of phenylacetaldehydes. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
A GLYCOINOSITOL PHOSPHOLIPID MEMBRANE ANCHOR containing ephrin found in developing tectum. It has been shown to mediate the bundling of cortical axons and repel the axonal growth of retinal ganglia axons. It is found in a variety of adult tissues of BRAIN; HEART; and KIDNEY. 
it, also known as E410 or fema 2316, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a bitter, floral, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in garden tomato. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that results from the removal of two protons from the phosphate group of 4-nitrophenyl phosphate. It is a conjugate base of a 4-nitrophenyl phosphate. 
Phosphocreatine, also known as creatine-p or neo-ton, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. Phosphocreatine is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Phosphocreatine has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine, blood, and breast milk. Within the cell, phosphocreatine is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. Phosphocreatine can be biosynthesized from creatine; which is mediated by the enzyme creatine kinase b-type. In humans, phosphocreatine is involved in the arginine and proline metabolism pathway. Phosphocreatine is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include arginine: glycine amidinotransferase deficiency (agat deficiency), the hyperprolinemia type I pathway, guanidinoacetate methyltransferase deficiency (gamt deficiency), and the prolinemia type II pathway. 
it is a thienothiazine-derived monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 6-chloro-4-hydroxy-2-methylthieno[2,3-e][1,2]thiazine-3-carboxylic acid 1,1-dioxide with the amino group of 2-aminopyridine. Used for the treatment of pain, primarily resulting from inflammatory diseases of the joints, osteoarthritis, surgery, sciatica and other inflammations. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic and an antipyretic. It is a thienothiazine, a member of pyridines, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an organochlorine compound and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. it is an orally bioavailable oxicam and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), with analgesic, anti-pyretic, anti-thrombotic and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon oral administration, it binds to and inhibits the activity of the cyclooxygenase enzymes (COX) type 1 (COX-1) and type 2 (COX-2). This blocks COX-mediated signaling pathways, which leads to reduced prostaglandin and thromboxane production and decreased pain, fever and inflammation. 
Methyl beta-D-glucopyranoside, also known as alpha-methyl-D -mannoside or beta -D-glucopyranoside, methyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. Methyl beta-D-glucopyranoside exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, methyl beta-D-glucopyranoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, methyl beta-D-glucopyranoside can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes methyl beta-D-glucopyranoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an S-substituted glutathione that is glutathione in which the mercapto hydrogen has been replaced by a hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an alkaloid that forms a major component of the papaya leaves and has been shown to exhibit cardiovascular effects. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a cardiovascular drug. It is an alkaloid and a macrodiolide. 
it is the L-enantiomer of idonic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a L-idonate. 
it is a branched alkane that is nonane carrying seven methyl substituents at positions 2, 2, 4, 4, 6, 8 and 8. 
1-Phenyl-1, 3-eicosanedione, also known as 1-benzoyl-2-nonadecanone or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 1-Phenyl-1, 3-eicosanedione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-phenyl-1, 3-eicosanedione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1-phenyl-1, 3-eicosanedione can be found in fats and oils. This makes 1-phenyl-1, 3-eicosanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-hydroxyacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-hydroxyl acylated coenzyme A derivative. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a morphinane-like compound that is a semi-synthetic opioid synthesized from codeine. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an opioid analgesic and an antitussive. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a morphinane-like compound. It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. it is a semisynthetic hydrogenated codeine derivative and opioid agonist with analgesic and antitussive effects. it primarily binds to and activates the mu-opioid receptor in the central nervous system (CNS). This leads to analgesia, euphoria, respiratory depression, miosis, decreased gastrointestinal motility, cough suppression and physical dependence. it is converted to hydromorphone by the cytochrome P450 enzyme CYP2D6. 
it is a pyrimidine 2',3'-dideoxyribonucleoside compound having a 3'-azido substituent and thymine as the nucleobase. It has a role as an antiviral drug, an antimetabolite and a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor. It is a pyrimidine 2',3'-dideoxyribonucleoside and an azide. it is a synthetic dideoxynucleoside. After intracellular phosphorylation to its active metabolite, it inhibits DNA polymerase, resulting in the inhibition of DNA replication and cell death. This agent also decreases levels of available pyrimidines. (NCI04) 
An alkaloid derived from the bark of the cinchona tree. It is used as an antimalarial drug, and is the active ingredient in extracts of the cinchona that have been used for that purpose since before 1633. Quinine is also a mild antipyretic and analgesic and has been used in common cold preparations for that purpose. It was used commonly and as a bitter and flavoring agent, and is still useful for the treatment of babesiosis. Quinine is also useful in some muscular disorders, especially nocturnal leg cramps and myotonia congenita, because of its direct effects on muscle membrane and sodium channels. The mechanisms of its antimalarial effects are not well understood. 
A naturally-occurring rock or soil constituent characterized by particles with a diameter of less than 0.005 mm. It is composed primarily of hydrous aluminum silicates, trace amounts of metal OXIDES, and organic matter. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it is a it with cis-double bonds at positions 9, 12 and 15. Shown to have an antithrombotic effect. It has a role as a micronutrient, a nutraceutical and a mouse metabolite. It is an omega-3 fatty acid and a it. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-it and a (9Z,12Z,15Z)-octadeca-9,12,15-trienoate. it is an essential fatty acid belonging to the omega-3 fatty acids group. It is highly concentrated in certain plant oils and has been reported to inhibit the synthesis of prostaglandin resulting in reduced inflammation and prevention of certain chronic diseases. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of alanine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of an alanine. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxy gruops of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of 5-(hydroxymethyl)heptanoic acid. It is a urinary metabolite of diethylhexyl phthalate. It has a role as a xenobiotic. 
it is the lactobionate salt form of erythromycin, a broad-spectrum, topical macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. it may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
it is a white crystalline solid with slight sulfurous smell. Used as a nematocide, and an insecticide on vegetables, tobacco, cotton, alfalfa, soy beans, and corn. (EPA, 1998) 
it is the sodium salt form of the biologically inert, selective relaxant binding agent (SRBA) sugammadex, a modified, anionic gamma cyclodextrin derivative containing a hydrophilic exterior and a hydrophobic core, with neuromuscular blocking drug (NMBD) reversal activity. Upon administration, the negatively charged carboxyl-thio-ether groups of sugammadex selectively and reversibly bind to the positively charged quaternary nitrogen of a steroidal NMBD, which was administered at an earlier time for anesthetic purposes. The encapsulation of the NMBD by sugammadex blocks its ability to bind to nicotinic receptors in the neuromuscular junction and thereby reverses the NMBD-induced neuromuscular blockade. Sugammadex binds rocuronium, vecuronium, and to a lesser extent pancuronium. 
it is an L-arginine ester that is methyl L-argininate in which one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-nitrogen is substituted by a tosyl group. It is a L-arginine ester, a sulfonamide, a methyl ester and a member of guanidines. 
A mitochondrial cytochrome P450 enzyme that catalyzes the 11-beta-hydroxylation of steroids in the presence of molecular oxygen and NADPH-FERRIHEMOPROTEIN REDUCTASE. This enzyme, encoded by CYP11B1 gene, is important in the synthesis of CORTICOSTERONE and HYDROCORTISONE. Defects in CYP11B1 cause congenital adrenal hyperplasia (ADRENAL HYPERPLASIA, CONGENITAL). 
it is an oxime O-ether that is the O-methyl oxime of (2-{[6-(2-chlorophenoxy)-5-fluoropyrimidin-4-yl]oxy}phenyl)(5,6-dihydro-1,4,2-dioxazin-3-yl)methanone. A fungicide used for disease control of potatoes and a wide range of vegetables. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an oxime O-ether, an aromatic ether, a member of pyrimidines, a dioxazine, an organofluorine compound, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a strobilurin antifungal agent. 
A proline analog that acts as a stoichiometric replacement of proline. It causes the production of abnormal proteins with impaired biological activity. 
5, 6, 7, 8-Tetrahydroquinoxaline, also known as it or fema 3321, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 5, 6, 7, 8-Tetrahydroquinoxaline exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5, 6, 7, 8-tetrahydroquinoxaline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5, 6, 7, 8-Tetrahydroquinoxaline is a bean, cereal, and cheese tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products, cocoa and cocoa products, coffee and coffee products, and nuts. This makes 5, 6, 7, 8-tetrahydroquinoxaline a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
L-2-Amino-3-(oxalylamino)propanoic acid, also known as oxalylaminoalanine or 3-oxalylamino-2-aminopropionic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). L-2-Amino-3-(oxalylamino)propanoic acid exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, L-2-amino-3-(oxalylamino)propanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, L-2-amino-3-(oxalylamino)propanoic acid can be found in grass pea and tea. This makes L-2-amino-3-(oxalylamino)propanoic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carbamate ester that is phenyl methylcarbamate which is substituted by a chloro group at position 2 and by methyl groups at positions 4 and 5, respectively. It is an insecticide used in the the control of poultry ectoparasites. It has a role as a carbamate insecticide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an acaricide. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a carbamate ester. 
A benzothiazole derivative and dopamine agonist with antioxidant properties that is used in the treatment of PARKINSON DISEASE and RESTLESS LEGS SYNDROME. 
it is a semisynthetic narcotic analgesic related to hydromorphone and other opiates, it, hydroxy-dihydromorphinone, affects the central nervous system and smooth muscles by activation of specific opiate receptors. Similar to morphine, but more potent and without cough suppressant activity, it is used in treatment of moderate to severe pain, including obstetrical pain, or as an adjunct to anaesthesia. (NCI04) 
it is an oxazolidinone that is 1,3-oxazolidine with an oxo substituent at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an oxazolidinone and a carbamate ester. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is 4-hydroxybenzoic acid bearing an additional dimethylallyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxybenzoate. 
it, also known as 1, 6-thiophthene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thienothiophenes. These are organic compounds containing two thiophene rings fused to each other. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, liquid thiophthene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a glycosylxylose that is D-xylopyranose having a beta-D-xylopyranosyl residue attached at position 4 via a glycosidic bond. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
Chlorpheniramine maleate appears as odorless white crystalline solid or white powder with a bitter taste. pH (2% aqueous solution) 5. pH (1% aqueous solution) 4-5. (NTP, 1992) 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the sodium salt of cefmetazole. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It contains a cefmetazole(1-). it is the sodium salt form of cefmetazole, a second-generation, semi-synthetic, beta-lactam cephalosporin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Cefmetazole binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), transpeptidases that are responsible for crosslinking of peptidoglycan. By preventing crosslinking of peptidoglycan, cell wall integrity is lost and cell wall synthesis is halted. 
it is a colorless liquid with an odor of pears. (USCG, 1999) it is the acetate ester of benzyl alcohol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an acetate ester and a benzyl ester. 
it is zwitterionic form of carnosine. It is a conjugate acid of a carnosinate. It is a tautomer of a carnosine. 
it is a member of the class of tetralins that is tetralin substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 1 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of tetralins and an ortho-fused bicyclic hydrocarbon. It derives from a hydride of a tetralin. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 5-oxo-2,5-dihydro-2-furylacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-5-oxo-2,5-dihydro-2-furylacetate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-5-oxo-2,5-dihydro-2-furylacetic acid. 
it solution appears as a colorless solution of glyceryl trinitrate (it) in water. If allowed to dry out, the remaining it is explosive. Nitroglycerin is a it that is glycerol in which the hydrogen atoms of all three hydroxy groups are replaced by nitro groups. It acts as a prodrug, releasing nitric oxide to open blood vessels and so alleviate heart pain. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, a nitric oxide donor, an explosive, a prodrug, a tocolytic agent, a muscle relaxant and a xenobiotic. Nitroglycerin is an organic nitrate with vasodilator activity. Nitroglycerin is converted into nitric oxide (NO) in smooth muscle and activates guanylyl cyclase, thereby increasing cGMP concentration, and resulting in smooth muscle relaxation. Dilatation of the veins results in decreased venous return to the heart, thereby decreasing left ventricular volume (reduced preload) and decreasing myocardial oxygen requirements. Arteriolar relaxation reduces arteriolar resistance (reduced afterload), thereby decreasing myocardial oxygen demands. In addition, it causes coronary artery dilatation, thereby improving myocardial blood distribution. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is 3-oxochol-4-en-24-oic acid carrying an additional 7alpha-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 7alpha-hydroxy steroid, a cholenoic acid and a bile acid. It derives from a 7alpha,12alpha-dihydroxy-3-oxochol-4-en-24-oic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 7alpha-hydroxy-3-oxochol-4-en-24-oate. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a floral, fruity, and winey taste. 
Cephalexin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of cephalexin, a beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cephalexin hydrochloride binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
Benzo[d]isothiazol-3-one is an organic heterobicyclic compound based on a fused 1,2-thiazole and benzene bicyclic ring skeleton, with the S atom positioned adjacent to one of the positions of ring fusion. It has a role as a disinfectant, a platelet aggregation inhibitor, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a drug allergen and a sensitiser. It is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound and an organic heterobicyclic compound. 
Pent-2-enoic acid is a pentenoic acid having the double bond at position 2. It is a pentenoic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a nitrogen hydride. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). It is a conjugate acid of a hydrazine. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 3-methylphenyl group. It has a role as a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenes. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is an orange-red to brown-red crystalline powder. pH (0.1% aqueous solution) 2.5-3.0. it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of 3,6-diaminoacridine with 2 mol eq. of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antiseptic drug, a carcinogenic agent and an intercalator. It contains a 3,6-diaminoacridine(2+). 
it is a nitrosamine that has butyl and 4-hydroxybutyl substituents. In mice, it causes high-grade, invasive cancers in the urinary bladder, but not in any other tissues. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a nitrosamine and a primary alcohol. 
it is an ergostanoid that is (22E)-ergosta-7,22-diene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 5 and 6 (the 3beta,5alpha,6beta stereoisomer). It has been isolated from the fungus, Xylaria species. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 5alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6beta-hydroxy steroid and an ergostanoid. 
1-octadecyl-2-methylglycero-3-phosphocholine is a glycerophosphocholine that is glycero-3-phosphocholine substituted at positions 1 and 2 by octadecyl and methyl groups respectively. it is a synthetic analog of lysophosphatidylcholine, an ether lipid, possessing anti-leishmanial and antineoplastic activity. The mechanism of action for it has not been fully elucidated. Targeting cellular membranes, it modulates membrane permeability, membrane lipid composition, and phospholipid metabolism. it also inhibits the phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K)-AKT/PKB survival pathway, possibly activating the pro-apoptotic stress-activated protein kinase (SAPK/JNK) pathways, thereby inducing apoptosis. In addition, this agent inhibits protein kinase C, intracellular activation of the Fas/CD95 receptor, and intracellular acidification. Anti-leishmanial activity may be due to inhibition of a glycosomal alkyl-specific-acylCoA acyltransferase. (NCI) 
2-chloro-N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(2-oxotetrahydrofuran-3-yl)acetamide is an aromatic amide that is 2,6-dimethylaniline in which the two amino hydrogens are replaced by chloroacetyl and 2-oxotetrahydrofuran-3-yl groups It is an aromatic amide, an organochlorine compound, a butan-4-olide and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is a ketooctose derivative that is D-glycero-D-altro-octulose carrying two phosphate substituents at positions 1 and 8. It is a ketooctose derivative and a ketose phosphate. 
it appears as a colorless oily liquid with a penetrating odor. Reacts with water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used to make pesticides. it is an organochlorine compound that consists of acetaldehyde where all the methyl hydrogens are replaced by chloro groups. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound and an aldehyde. It derives from an acetaldehyde. 
it is a colorless liquid with a density of 0.913 g / cm3. Slightly soluble in water. Found in low-temperature coal tar and coal soot. 
Indolylmethylglucosinolate is a glucosinolate that is the conjugate base of indolylmethylglucosinolic acid. It is a conjugate base of an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid. 
it is a semi-synthetic parenteral cephalosporin with a tetrazolyl moiety that confers beta-lactamase resistance. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it, liquid appears as a solution in oil of aldrin, a noncombustible water-insoluble solid. Used as an insecticide. Mixed with a flammable carrier solvent. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid. Insoluble in water. Used in dye synthesis, insecticides, fungicides, and in the manufacture of plastics. it is a ortho- and peri-fused tricyclic hydrocarbon that occurs in coal tar. It is an ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene, a member of its and an ortho- and peri-fused tricyclic hydrocarbon. 
A ferroin compound that forms a stable magenta-colored solution with the ferrous ion. The complex has an absorption peak at 562 nm and is used as a reagent and indicator for iron. 
Diethylaminoethylmethacrylate, [liquid] appears as a clear light colored liquid. Insoluble in water and slightly denser than water. May be toxic by ingestion. Contact may severely irritate skin. 
it is a quercetin O-glycoside that is quercetin substituted by a alpha-L-rhamnosyl moiety at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antileishmanial agent, an EC 1.1.1.184 [carbonyl reductase (NADPH)] inhibitor, an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor, an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a monosaccharide derivative, a tetrahydroxyflavone, an alpha-L-rhamnoside and a quercetin O-glycoside. It is a conjugate acid of a it-7-olate. 
A nonapeptide that contains the ring of OXYTOCIN and the side chain of ARG-VASOPRESSIN with the latter determining the specific recognition of hormone receptors. Vasotocin is the non-mammalian vasopressin-like hormone or antidiuretic hormone regulating water and salt metabolism. 
it is a member of the class of furans that is 2-furoic acid in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by a tetradecyloxy group. It has a role as an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor, a PPARalpha agonist, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a furoic acid and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 2-furoic acid. 
it appears as odorless white crystalline powder. Bitter taste. Solutions in water are neutral or slightly acidic. (NTP, 1992) it is a carbamate derivate with hypnotic, anti-anxiety, sedative, anticonvulsant and some indirect muscle relaxant properties. Although the exact mechanism of it is largely unknown, it appears to act as a depressant at multiple sites in the central nervous system, mostly likely through the GABAergic neurotransmitter system, including the thalamus and limbic system. 
it is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the imidazole group of SKF-96365 free base. It is a conjugate acid of a SKF-96365. free base. 
it is an organic sodium salt comprising equal numbers of sodium and propionate ions. It has a role as an antifungal drug and a food preservative. It contains a propionate. 
it is a bile acid anion that is the conjugate base of lithocholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a bile acid anion and a cholanic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a lithocholic acid. 
it is a 15-HETE(1-) that is the conjugate base of it, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 15(R)-HETE. 
it is a sulfonium compound comprising 4-methylthio-2-oxobutanoic acid having an adenosin-5'-yl group attached to the sulfur. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a sulfonium compound and an organic cation. It derives from a 4-methylthio-2-oxobutanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a S-adenosyl-4-methylthio-2-oxobutanoate. 
it is a trihydroxyflavone with the hydroxy groups at positions C-5, -6 and -7. It has a role as an antioxidant, a hormone antagonist, a prostaglandin antagonist, an EC 1.13.11.31 (arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.33 (arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, a radical scavenger, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Norethindrone Acetate is the orally bioavailable acetate salt of norethindrone, a synthetic progestin with some anabolic, estrogenic, and androgenic activities. As do all progestins, norethindrone binds to and activates nuclear progesterone receptors (PRs) in target tissues such as the pituitary and reproductive system; ligand-receptor complexes are translocated to the nucleus where they bind to progesterone response elements (PREs) located on target genes, followed by various transcriptional events and histone acetylation. Physiological effects include the inhibition of luteinizing hormone (LH) release, an increase in the endometrial luteal-phase, and alterations in endocervical mucus secretion. 
it is a dialdehyde that is cyclopentanecarbaldehyde substituted by a methyl group at position 2 and a 1-methyl-2-oxoethyl group at position 5. It is a dialdehyde and an iridoid monoterpenoid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point -20Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. it is an alkane that is butane substituted by a methyl group at positions 2 and 3. It is an alkane and a volatile organic compound. It derives from a hydride of a butane. 
it is a cyclohexadienediol that is cyclohexa-2,5-diene-1,4-diol in which positions 2 and 5 are substituted by chlorines. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound, an organic hydroxy compound and a cyclohexadienediol. 
it is an omega-oxo fatty acid that is dodecanoic acid carrying an oxo group at position 12. It is an omega-oxo fatty acid, an oxo monocarboxylic acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and an aldehydic acid. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 12-oxododecanoate. 
Thiocysteine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cysteine and derivatives. Cysteine and derivatives are compounds containing cysteine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of cysteine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. Thiocysteine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
All-purpose surfactant, wetting agent, and solubilizer used in the drug, cosmetics, and food industries. It has also been used in laxatives and as cerumenolytics. It is usually administered as either the calcium, potassium, or sodium salt. 
it is a divalent metal cation, a mercury cation and a monoatomic dication. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it, also known as ac-benzyl or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has a sweet, benzyl acetate, and benzyl propionate taste. 
it is the nitrate salt form of sertaconazole, a synthetic imidazole derivative with antifungal property. it inhibits fungal cytochrome P-450 sterol C-14 alpha-demethylation, resulting in the accumulation of fungal 14 alpha-methyl sterols and the inhibition of ergosterol synthesis, an essential component of the cell membrane of fungi. This leads to a disruption of cell membrane permeability and leakage of adenine triphosphate (ATP) and other constituents from fugal cells. 
it, also known as 20-epi-euphol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Thus, (+)-it is considered to be an isoprenoid lipid molecule it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (+)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (+)-it can be found in a number of food items such as muskmelon, soy bean, nuts, and cucumber. This makes (+)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it powder, dry is a gray lustrous powder. It can be easily ignited and burns with an intense flame. The very finely powdered material may be ignited by sparks. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 22, and atomic weight 47.867. 
Inokosterone is a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-hydroxy steroid, a 26-hydroxy steroid, a 6-oxo steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid and a phytoecdysteroid. 
it is a pyrimidine nucleotide-sugar having thymine as the nucleobase and alpha-D-forosamine as the sugar component. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Artesunate is a water-soluble, semi-synthetic derivative of the sesquiterpine lactone artemisinin with anti-malarial, anti-schistosomiasis, antiviral, and potential anti-neoplastic activities. Upon hydrolysis of artesunate's active endoperoxide bridge moiety by liberated heme in parasite-infected red blood cells, reactive oxygen species and carbon-centered radicals form, which have been shown to damage and kill parasitic organisms. Additionally, in vitro studies demonstrate that this agent induces DNA breakage in a dose-dependent manner. Artesunate has also been shown to stimulate cell differentiation, arrest the cell cycle in the G1 and G2/M phases, inhibit cell proliferation, and induce apoptosis through mitochondrial and caspase signaling pathways. Artemisinin is isolated from the plant Artemisia annua. 
it is a chromone substituted with a phenyl group at position 8 and a morpholine group at position 2. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor and an autophagy inhibitor. It is a member of chromones, a member of morpholines and an organochlorine compound. 
it, also known as ethyl hexahydrophenylpropionate or fema 2431, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl 3-cyclohexylpropionate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a sweet, fruity, and peach taste. 
it is a crystalline solid. Water solubility is 11 ppm at 20Â°C. Used as a selective herbicide. it is a carbamate ester that is 4-chlorobut-2-yn-1-yl ester of N-(3-chlorophenyl)carbamic acid. A herbicide, it is no longer approved for use within the European Community. It has a role as a herbicide. It is a carbamate ester, an acetylenic compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it appears as white microcrystalline solid or light brown solid. Starts to darken in color (decompose) at approximately 437Â° F; continues to darken until the melting point (525Â° F) at which temperature it is a very dark brown liquid . (NTP, 1992) 
it is the sodium salt form of an organic phosphate compound that provides phosphate for nutritional purposes. In addition, it can be used as a phosphate diluting agent upon internal contamination with the beta-emiting radioisotope phosphate P 32 (P-32) that competes with P-32 for absorption. As it is administered in high amounts, the absorption of P-32 is prevented or minimalized. 
Isepamicin is a broad-spectrum aminoglycoside antibiotic structurally related to gentamicin and amikacin. Isepamicin has activity similar to amikacin but with better activity against bacterial strains with resistance to other aminoglycosides, such as strains producing 6'-N-aminoglycoside acetyltransferase. Isepamicin is not metabolized and is excreted via the kidneys. This agent exerts a long postantibiotic effect allowing for once daily dosing. 
2-ethyl hexanol appears as a dark brown liquid with an aromatic odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point between 140 - 175Â°F. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. it is a primary alcohol that is hexan-1-ol substituted by an ethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. 
Fluvoxamine Maleate is the maleate salt form of fluvoxamine, a 2-aminoethyl oxime ether of aralkylketones, with antidepressant, antiobsessive-compulsive, and antibulimic activities. Fluvoxamine blocks serotonin reuptake by inhibiting the serotonin reuptake pump of the presynaptic neuronal membrane leading to an increase of serotonin levels within the synaptic cleft. This results in facilitated serotonergic transmission and decreased serotonin turnover leading to antidepressant and antiobsessive-compulsive effects. 
it is a barbiturate, the structure of which is that of perhydropyrimidine substituted at C-2, -4 and -6 by oxo groups. it is the parent compound of barbiturate drugs, although it is not itself pharmacologically active. It has a role as an allergen and a xenobiotic. It is a conjugate acid of a barbiturate, a barbiturate(2-) and a barbiturate(1-). 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-pyroglutamyl, L-histidyl and L-prolinamide residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a peptide hormone and a tripeptide. 
it is an N(6')-acetylkanamycin derived from kanamycin B. It derives from a kanamycin B. It is a conjugate base of a it(4+). 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester obtained from the formal condensation of methanol and nonanoic acid; a colourless liquid with a fruity odour, used in perfumes and flavours, and for medical research. It has a role as an epitope, a fragrance, an antifungal agent, an antinematodal drug and a plant metabolite. It derives from a methanol and a nonanoic acid. 
it is an oxonium betaine that is the conjugate base of cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside, arising from selective deprotonation of the 5-hydroxy group on the chromene ring; major species at pH 7.3. It is a beta-D-glucoside and an oxonium betaine. It is a conjugate base of a cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-glucoside(1-). 
5'-GGTTGGTGTGGTTGG-3' is a nucleic acid (single-stranded DNA) aptamer consisting of nine deoxyguanosine and six thymidine residues connected by 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages in the sequence G-G-T-T-G-G-T-G-T-G-G-T-T-G-G. One of a family of aptamers that bind to and lead to the neutralization of autoantibodies (AABs) that are directed against G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCR-AABs). 
it is an inositol having myo- configuration substituted at position 1 by a phosphate group. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of bipyridines that is 4,4'-bipyridine substituted at positions 2 and 2' by 4-fluoroaminophenyl and 4-methoxycyclohexanecarboxamido groups respectively. It is a member of bipyridines, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an ether, an organofluorine compound, an aromatic amine and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is (+)-taxifolin substituted by a alpha-L-rhamnosyl moiety at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a radical scavenger, an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is an alpha-L-rhamnoside, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a flavanone glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (+)-taxifolin. It is an enantiomer of a neoit. 
Phenolsulfonic acid, liquid appears as a yellowish liquid that becomes brown on exposure to air. Soluble in alcohol. Irritating to mucous membranes, skin, and eyes. Moderately toxic by ingestion. Used as a laboratory reagent, in water analysis and in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals. A mixture of ortho and para isomers. it is an arenesulfonic acid that is phenol substituted by a sulfo group at C-2. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a phenol. 
it is a beta-blocker and antihypertensive medication that has additional vasodilatory activity mediated by nitric oxide release. it has yet to be linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. it is a beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive and vasodilatory activity. it binds to and blocks the beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, it potentiates nitric oxide (NO), thereby relaxing vascular smooth muscle and exerting a vasodilatory effect. 
it is one of the primary forms of gastrin that is a 34-membered peptide consisting of Gln, Leu, Gly, Pro, Gln, Gly, Pro, Pro, His, Leu, Val, Ala, Asp, Pro, Ser, Lys, Lys, Gln, Gly, Pro, Trp, Leu, Glu, Glu, Glu, Glu, Glu, Ala, Tyr, Gly, Trp, Met, Asp and Phe residues joined in sequence. 
it is a 1-benzofuran that is 5-(piperazin-1-yl}-1-benzofuran-2-carboxamide having a (5-cyanoindol-3-yl)butyl group attached at position N-4 on the piperazine ring. Used for the treatment of major depressive disorder. It has a role as an antidepressant, a serotonergic agonist and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. It is a member of indoles, a nitrile, a N-arylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, a member of 1-benzofurans and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a selective serotonin (5-HT) reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) and a 5-HT-1A receptor partial agonist, with antidepressant and anti-anxiety activities. it inhibits the reuptake of serotonin from the synaptic cleft while stimulating the release of 5-HT into the synaptic cleft. This increases the concentration of 5-HT in the synaptic cleft and potentiates serotonergic neurotransmission in the central nervous system. 
it is an antibiotic that has been shown to have bactericidal activity against aerobic gram-negative microorganisms. it is particularly indicated when the infection is caused by sensitive strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa. it is a broad-spectrum polymyxin antibiotic against most aerobic Gram-negative bacteria except Proteus bacteria. it is a mixture of methanesulfonate derivatives of cyclic polypeptides colistin A and B from Bacillus colistinus or B. polymyxa. Colistin functions as a surfactant which penetrates into and disrupts the bacterial cell membrane, thereby resulting in bactericidal effect. 
it, commonly referred as it, is an irreversible active site-directed enzyme inhibitor that inhibits nearly all serine hydrolases and serine proteases. It inhibits phospholipase A2 and fatty acid amide hydrolase with special potency, displaying IC50 values in the low-nanomolar range. 
it is a pyrrolidinone and carboxamide that is N-methylpyrrolidin-2-one in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by an aminocarbonyl group, while another is replaced by an ethyl group (the S enantiomer). An anticonvulsant, it is used for the treatment of epilepsy in both human and veterinary medicine. It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. it is a pyrrolidine with antiepileptic activity. The exact mechanism through which it exerts its effects is unknown but does not involve inhibitory and excitatory neurotransmitter activity. Stereoselective binding of it was confined to synaptic plasma membranes in the central nervous system with no binding occurring in peripheral tissue. it inhibits burst firing without affecting normal neuronal excitability, which suggests that it may selectively prevent hyper-synchronization of epileptiform burst firing and propagation of seizure activity. 
it appears as a colorless fairly volatile liquid with a faintly sweet pungent odor like that of ethyl alcohol. Completely mixes with water. The vapors are slightly heavier than air and may travel some distance to a source of ignition and flash back. Any accumulation of vapors in confined spaces, such as buildings or sewers, may explode if ignited. Used to make chemicals, to remove water from automotive and aviation fuels, as a solvent for paints and plastics, and as an ingredient in a wide variety of products. it is the primary alcohol that is the simplest aliphatic alcohol, comprising a methyl and an alcohol group. It has a role as an amphiprotic solvent, a fuel, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is an alkyl alcohol, a one-carbon compound, a volatile organic compound and a primary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a methoxide. it is used as a solvent and as an intermediate in chemical synthesis. Component of deicing mixtures and preservatives. Toxic. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid with a pungent odor. Melting point 146Â°C. Density 1.32 g / cm3. Very slightly soluble in water. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation of vapors. Irritates skin and eyes. Used to make dyes. it is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine in which the triazine ring is substituted on each carbon by chlorine. Its main use is in the preparation of the triazine-class pesticides. It has a role as a cross-linking reagent. It is an organochlorine compound and a chloro-1,3,5-triazine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a minty taste. 
A tetraiodofluorescein used as a red coloring in some foods (cherries, fish), as a disclosure of DENTAL PLAQUE, and as a stain of some cell types. It has structural similarity to THYROXINE. 
Ammonium citrate is a white granular solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in pharmaceuticals, and in chemical analysis. 
it is a pyridazinodiazepine resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of itat with ethanol. It is a drug used in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. It has a role as a prodrug, an antihypertensive agent and an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor. It is an ethyl ester, a pyridazinodiazepine and a dicarboxylic acid monoester. It derives from a itat. it is the anhydrous form of the pyridazine angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor it with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug it is rapidly metabolized in the liver to itat; itat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II, resulting in vasodilation. itat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is an orally available inhibitor of isocitrate dehydrogenase type 1 (IDH1; IDH-1; IDH1 [NADP+] soluble) with a mutation at arginine (R) 132, IDH1(R132), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it specifically inhibits IDH1(R132), thereby inhibiting the formation of the oncometabolite 2-hydroxyglutarate (2HG) from alpha-ketoglutarate (a-KG). This prevents 2HG-mediated signaling and leads to both an induction of cellular differentiation and an inhibition of cellular proliferation in tumor cells expressing IDH(R132). IDH1(R132) mutations are highly expressed in certain malignancies, including gliomas; they initiate and drive cancer growth by both blocking cell differentiation and catalyzing the formation of 2HG. 
it is a member of the class of aminopyrimidines that is 4,6-diaminopyrimidine bearing an additional formamido substituent at position 5. A DNA lesion formed when DNA exposed to ionising radiation. It is an aminopyrimidine and a formamidopyrimidine. 
Streptomycin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of streptomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces griseus with antibacterial property. Streptomycin sulfate binds to the S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide elongation and protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. 
it is a macrolide that is isolated from the marine tunicate Eudistoma cf. rigida and exhibits potent in vitro cytotoxic activity. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a macrolide, an ether and a member of formamides. It derives from a L-serine. 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid with a strong pungent odor. Flash point 32Â°F. Prolonged exposure to the vapors or skin contact harmful. Density 6.7 lb / gal. Vapors heavier than air. Combustion produces toxic oxides of nitrogen. Requires storage and handling in closed systems. Used in insecticides and to make plastics, fibers and other chemicals.   Rate of onset: Immediate  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 17 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Plastics, coatings, adhesives industries; dyes; pharmaceuticals; flam gas. it is a nitrile that is hydrogen cyanide in which the hydrogen has been replaced by an ethenyl group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an antifungal agent, a fungal metabolite, a polar aprotic solvent and a mutagen. It is an aliphatic nitrile and a volatile organic compound. it is a colorless, volatile liquid with a pungent, onion-like odor. it is widely used in industry to produce rubber, resins, plastics, elastomers and synthetic fibers and to manufacture carbon fibers used in aircraft, defense and aerospace industries. Exposure to it irritates the mucous membranes and causes a headache, nausea, dizziness, impaired judgment, difficulty breathing, limb weakness, cyanosis, convulsions and collapse. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen and may be associated with an increased risk of developing lung and prostate cancer. (NCI05) 
it appears as a water-white liquid with a fishlike odor. Less dense than water. Flash point 140Â°F. Extremely irritating to skin and eyes. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make pharmaceuticals and other chemicals. 
it is a phenol that is 2-phenylethanol in which the phenyl ring is substituted at position 2 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 2-phenylethanol. 
it is an it(2-) that is the conjugate base of L-it(1-). It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is an it(2-) and a L-alpha-amino acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a L-it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-it(2-). 
N-Methyl-4, 6, 7-trihydroxy-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydroisoquinoline, also known as 1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydro-2-methyl-4, 6, 7-isoquinolinetriol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydroisoquinolines. These are tetrahydrogenated isoquinoline derivatives. N-Methyl-4, 6, 7-trihydroxy-1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydroisoquinoline is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Dextrobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous) is the monohydrochloride salt of dextrobupivacaine. It contains a dextrobupivacaine(1+). It is an enantiomer of a levobupivacaine hydrochloride (anhydrous). 
it is an aromatic ketone that is thiophene substituted at C-2 by a 4-(1-carboxyethyl)benzoyl group. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, an antirheumatic drug, a peripheral nervous system drug and a drug allergen. It is a member of thiophenes, a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ketone. 
it is an L-arginine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-arginine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-arginine derivative. 
Omacetaxine is a semisynthetic cephataxine that acts as a protein translation inhibitor and is used to treated chronic myeloid leukemia that is resistant to tyrosine kinase receptor antagonists. Omacetaxine is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevation during therapy, but has not been linked to cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is a carnitinium that is the conjugate acid of (R)-carnitine. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-carnitine. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-carnitinium. 
it, also known as p-tolyl-acetaldehyde or 4-methylbenzeneacetaldehyde, 9CI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylacetaldehydes. Phenylacetaldehydes are compounds containing a phenylacetaldehyde moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted at the second position by an acetalydehyde it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (4-methylphenyl)acetaldehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm it has a sweet, cortex, and fresh taste. 
it appears as a grayish-white granular solid. Insoluble in water. Noncombustible, but accelerates the burning of combustible material. Mixture with finely divided combustible material may be explosive. Mixtures with combustible material may be ignited by friction or contact with moisture. 
it is a member of the class of prostaglandins H that is 9,11-epidioxyprosta-5,13,17-trienoic acid carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at the 15S-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a prostaglandins H, a secondary alcohol and an olefinic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate. A coenzyme composed of ribosylnicotinamide 5'-phosphate (NMN) coupled by pyrophosphate linkage to the 5'-phosphate adenosine 2',5'-bisphosphate. It serves as an electron carrier in a number of reactions, being alternately oxidized (NADP+) and reduced (NADPH). (Dorland, 27th ed) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03247283 (Pharmacokinetics and Metabolism Study in Healthy Male Participants). it is an orally available inhibitor of indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase 1 (IDO1), with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it specifically targets and binds to IDO1, a cytosolic enzyme responsible for the oxidation of the amino acid tryptophan into the immunosuppressive metabolite kynurenine. By inhibiting IDO1 and decreasing kynurenine in tumor cells, it restores and promotes the proliferation and activation of various immune cells, including dendritic cells (DCs), natural killer (NK) cells, and T-lymphocytes, and causes a reduction in tumor-associated regulatory T-cells (Tregs). Activation of the immune system, which is suppressed in many cancers, may induce a cytotoxic T-lymphocyte (CTL) response against the IDO1-expressing tumor cells, thereby inhibiting the growth of IDO1-expressing tumor cells. IDO1, overexpressed by multiple tumor cell types, plays an important role in immunosuppression. Tryptophan depletion inhibits T-lymphocyte proliferation and activation, and subsequently suppresses the immune system. 
it is a cyclic hydroxamic acid that consists of 1,4-benzoxazine bearing three hydroxy substituents at positions 2, 4 and 7 as well as an oxo group at position 3. It is a benzoxazine, a cyclic hydroxamic acid and a lactol. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is phenothiazine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 2-(diethylamino)propyl group. An antimuscarinic, it is used as the hydrochloride for the symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's disease. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an antiparkinson drug, a histamine antagonist, an adrenergic antagonist and an antidyskinesia agent. It is a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a bis(azo) compound that consists of a benzene core having two (4-amino-6-chloro-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl)amino groups attached at positions 1 and 4 and which in turn have 5-hydroxy-6-[(2-sulfophenyl)diazenyl]-2,7-disulfonaphthalen-4-yl groups attached to their 4-amino functions. It has a role as a dye. It is a bis(azo) compound, a member of azobenzenes, a chloro-1,3,5-triazine, a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a naphthalenesulfonic acid. 
it is a deuterated compound that is acetone in which all six hydrogen atoms are replaced by deuterium. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent. It is a deuterated compound and a member of propanones. 
it appears as a grayish black solid. No reaction with water under normal conditions. Easily ignited and burns with an intense flame. Water will increase the intensity of the fire. 
it is a secondary amino compound, a substituted aniline, a C-nitro compound, a cyclic ketone, a triol and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is xanthone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1 and methoxy groups at positions 1, 2 and 6. It has been isolated from Centaurium erythraea and Gentiana verna. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 3,3'-azobis(6-hydroxybenzoic acid) (olsalazine). Effective in the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease and ulcerative colitis. Mechanism of action unknown, but appears to be topical It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a prodrug. It contains an olsalazine(2-). it is the sodium salt form of olsalazine with anti-inflammatory activity. it is bioconverted to 5-aminosalicylic acid (5-ASA) in the colon by colonic bacteria. 5-ASA has anti-inflammatory activity in ulcerative colitis. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pepper-like odor. Less dense than water, but miscible in water. Will float on water. Flash point 37Â°F. Melting point -15.8Â°F (-9Â°C). Boiling point 222.8Â°F (106Â°C). May severely irritate skin and eyes. May be toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make rubber and as a solvent. it is an azacycloalkane that is cyclohexane in which one of the carbons is replaced by a nitrogen. It is a metabolite of cadaverine, a polyamine found in the human intestine. It has a role as a reagent, a protic solvent, a base, a catalyst, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite and a non-polar solvent. It is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, an azacycloalkane, a secondary amine and a member of its. It is a conjugate base of a piperidinium. 
it appears as dark purplish-brown mass or bright red or dark red powder. Darkens at 248Â°F. Deep red color in water. Yellow to violet in acidic aqueous solutions. (NTP, 1992) it is a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone that is that is 1,3,4,6-tetrahydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone substituted by a methyl group at position 8, a carboxy group at position 7 and a 1,5-anhydro-D-glucitol moiety at position 2 via a C-glycosidic linkage. It is a natural dye isolated from several insects such as Dactylopius coccus. It has a role as an animal metabolite and a histological dye. It is a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone, a monocarboxylic acid and a C-glycosyl compound. It is a conjugate acid of a carminate(2-). 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. It is noncombustible, but it will accelerate the burning of combustible materials. If large quantities are involved in a fire or the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may result in an explosion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. It is used as a preservative. 
it appears as a colorless gas or green liquid with a pungent odor. Boils at 53Â°F. It reacts with water to form chlorine and hydrofluoric acid with release of heat. Contact with organic materials may result in spontaneous ignition. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. Prolonged exposure to low concentrations or short term exposure to high concentrations may result in adverse health effects. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the container may violently rupture and rocket. 
TG(I-18:0/i-18:0/i-18:0), also known as TG(54:0) or triacylglycerol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. TG(I-18:0/i-18:0/i-18:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. TG(I-18:0/i-18:0/i-18:0) has been found in human adipose tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, TG(i-18:0/i-18:0/i-18:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. 
it is a member of the class of acetamides that is the acetyl derivative of 5-aminopentanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 5-aminopentanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-acetamidopentanoate. 
it is an amino octasaccharide comprising three D-GlcNS(6S) residues, one D-GlcNS(6S) residue, two D-GlcA(2S) residues and two D-GlcA residues (with one at the reducing end joined to 4-nitrophenol via a glycosidic linkage). It is an amino octasaccharide, a carbohydrate acid derivative and an oligosaccharide sulfate. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that is luteolin substituted by beta-D-glucopyranosyl moieties at positions 6 and 8 respectively. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a tetrahydroxyflavone. It derives from a luteolin. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is catechol in which the two phenolic hydrogens are replaced by methyl and sulfo groups. It is an aryl sulfate and a monomethoxybenzene. It derives from a catechol. It is a conjugate acid of a guaiacol sulfate(1-). 
Oxidooxomethyl is an organic radical anion obtained from carbon dioxide. It is a metabolite of carbon tetrachloride. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a carbon oxide and an organic radical anion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at the positions 2 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a tertiary alcohol that is isopropanol in which the hydrogen attached to the carbon bearing the hydroxy group has been replaced by a phenyl group. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a tertiary alcohol and a member of benzyl alcohols. It derives from a hydride of a cumene. 
it is 4-Aminobenzoic acid in which one of the hydrogens ortho- to the carboxylic acid group is substituted by chlorine. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a sweet, pleasant odor. May irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. In high concentrations the vapors may have a narcotic effect. Nonflammable, but may decompose and emit toxic chloride fumes if exposed to high temperatures. Used as a solvent. it is a member of the class of chloroethanes carrying three chloro substituents at position 1. It has a role as a polar solvent. 
it is a prokinetic agent with gastrointestinal (GI) motility-enhancing activity. Although the exact mechanism by which it exerts its effect has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent appears to inhibit acetylcholinesterase (AchE), an enzyme responsible for the breakdown of acetylcholine (Ach). Increased Ach concentrations lead to an improvement of gastric emptying and GI motility and eventually to a reduction of dyspepsia symptoms. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of carboxy group of palmitic acid with propan-2-ol. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a fatty acid ester and an isopropyl ester. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it appears as a blue crystalline solid. Very soluble in water. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. it is a vanadium coordination entity and a metal sulfate. 
it is a penicillanic acid ester that is the pivaloyloxymethyl ester of ampicillin. It is a prodrug of ampicillin. It has a role as a prodrug. It is a penicillanic acid ester and a pivaloyloxymethyl ester. It derives from an ampicillin. it is a semisynthetic, orally active pivalate ester of ampicillin with antibacterial activity. Upon absorption, it is hydrolyzed into its active form ampicillin by esterases. Ampicillin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of levomethadyl acetate, a synthetic mu-receptor agonist with analgesic activity. it mimics the actions of endogenous peptides at CNS opioid receptors, including analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia and physical dependence. it has less severe withdrawal symptoms compared to the morphine-like agents. In addition, with chronic use, it produces cross-tolerance to the effects of other mu-receptor agonists, thereby decreasing the physical dependence. 
it is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid that is 3-(1H-indol-3-yl)butanoic acid substituted at positions 2 and 3 by hydroxy and methyl groups respectively. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid and a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an indolmycenate. 
it is a gamma-lactone that is oxolan-2-one substituted by a butyl group at position 5. It is a volatile compound found in peaches, mangoes, beef and ham. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a mammalian metabolite, an insect attractant, a plant metabolite and a flavouring agent. It is a gamma-lactone, a tetrahydrofuranone and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a liquid with faint odor of fish and soap, no odor when pure. Used as a delayed-action casualty military agent. it is a nitrogen mustard vesicant that has application in chemical warfare, and has been used as a cytostatic alkylating agent in anti cancer therapy. 
Clodronate Disodium is the disodium salt of a nitrogen-free bisphosphonate analog of naturally occurring pyrophosphate. Clodronate binds to calcium and inhibits osteoclastic bone resorption and hydroxyapatite crystal formation and dissolution, resulting in a reduction of bone turnover. This agent may control malignancy-associated hypercalcemia, inhibit osteolytic bone metastasis and decrease pain. 
Triisocyanatoisocyanurate of isophoronediisocyanate, solution (70%) appears as a clear to light colored liquid. Exposure to this material should be avoided. Used to make other chemicals. 
Cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-galactoside is an anthocyanin cation that is cyanidin(1+) carrying a single beta-D-galactosyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a food component. It is a beta-D-galactoside, an anthocyanin cation and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanidin 3-O-beta-D-galactoside betaine. 
it is the carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the aryl amino group of methyl 4-anilino-3-methyl-1-(2-phenylethyl)piperidine-4-carboxylate with propanoic acid. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist and an opioid analgesic. It is a member of piperidines, a methyl ester, a tertiary amino compound and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is an aromatic amine that is thalidomide substituted at position 4 on the isoindole ring system by an amino group. Used for the treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who failed to respond to previous therapies. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunomodulator and an angiogenesis inhibitor. It is a dicarboximide, a member of isoindoles, a member of piperidones and an aromatic amine. It derives from a thalidomide. it is an orally bioavailable derivative of thalidomide with potential immunomodulating, antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. Although its exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, it appears to inhibit TNF-alpha production, enhance the activity of T cells and natural killer (NK) cells and enhance antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity (ADCC). In addition, it may inhibit tumor angiogenesis, promote cell cycle arrest in susceptible tumor cell populations, and stimulate erythropoeisis. 
it is a cephalosporin compound having (carbamoyloxy)methyl and N-[(2Z)-2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)pent-2-enoyl]amino side-groups. It is used (generally as the corresponnding pivaloyloxymethyl ester prodrug) as an oral antibacterial. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a cephalosporin, a carboxylic acid, a carbamate ester, an enamide, a member of 1,3-thiazoles and a secondary carboxamide. it is a semisynthetic third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a member of the class of piperidines that is piperidine in which the nitrogen is substituted with a 1-phenylcyclohexyl group. Formerly used as an anaesthetic agent, it exhibits both hallucinogenic and neurotoxic effects. It has a role as a neurotoxin, a psychotropic drug, an anaesthetic and a NMDA receptor antagonist. It is a member of piperidines and a member of benzenes. It derives from a hydride of a piperidine. Developed as an anesthetic for humans in 1959. Its use was discontinued due to extreme side effects that included delirium, confusion, visual disturbances, hallucinations and violence; some evidence of long-term memory disorders and schizophrenia-like syndrome has been observed. it, a substance of abuse also know as 'it', can cause physical and psychological distresses, such as coma, seizures, convulsions, respiratory depression, and cardiac problems. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea that is 3-methoxy-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1,2,4-triazole-1-carboxamide in which the carboxamide nitrogen has undergone formal condensation with the sulfonic acid group of 2-(trifluoromethoxy)benzenesulfonic acid. An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used (generally as the corresponding sodium salt, it-sodium) to control grass weeds in cereal crops. It has a role as an agrochemical, an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor and a herbicide. It is a N-sulfonylurea, a member of triazoles, an aromatic ether and an organofluorine compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a C21-steroid that is 5beta-pregnane with oxo groups at positions 3 and 20. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid and a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-pregnane. 
6-Methoxy-2(3H)-benzoxazolone, also known as 6-it or 6-methoxy-benzoxazolin-2(3H)-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoxazolones. These are organic compounds containing a benzene fused to an oxazole ring (a five-member aliphatic ring with three carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and one nitrogen atom) bearing a ketone group. 6-Methoxy-2(3H)-benzoxazolone exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 6-methoxy-2(3H)-benzoxazolone can be found in a number of food items such as common wheat, cereals and cereal products, alcoholic beverages, and coffee and coffee products. This makes 6-methoxy-2(3H)-benzoxazolone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as 1, it or tridecano-13-lactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as macrolides and analogues. These are organic compounds containing a lactone ring of at least twelve members. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils, fruits, and green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Nitrobenzenesulfonic acid appears as a whitish colored solid in the form of flakes. It will form a corrosive solution in water. Denser than water. Severely irritates skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a cyclohexenecarboxylate ester that is the ethyl ester of it acid. An antiviral prodrug (it is hydrolysed to the active free carboxylic acid in the liver), it is used to slow the spread of influenza. It has a role as a prodrug, an EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor, an antiviral drug, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a cyclohexenecarboxylate ester, an amino acid ester, a primary amino compound and a member of acetamides. it is a synthetic derivative prodrug of ethyl ester with antiviral activity. Osetamivir blocks neuraminidases on the surfaces of influenza viruses, interfering with host cell release of complete viral particles. 
it is the (+)-enantiomer of it and a polyphenolic antioxidant plant metabolite. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
it is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound that is lucidine B in which the hydrogen at the 4a position of the dodecahydrobenzo[5,6]cyclohepta[1,2-b]pyridinyl moiety is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound and a decahydroquinoline alkaloid. It derives from a lucidine B. 
Sophoraflavanone B is a trihydroxyflavanone that is (S)-naringenin having a prenyl group at position 8. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavanone, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. It is a conjugate acid of a sophoraflavanone B(1-). 
O-methylserotonin is a member of the class of tryptamines that is the methyl ether derivative of serotonin. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a 5-hydroxytryptamine 2A receptor agonist. It is a member of tryptamines and an aromatic ether. It derives from a serotonin. 
it is a tripeptide composed of glycine, L-histidine and L-lysine residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite, a chelator, a vulnerary and a hepatoprotective agent. 
it is an orally bioavailable metal copper (Cu) chelator, with potential antiangiogenic, anti-metastatic and antitumor activities. Upon oral administration, it (TM) targets and binds to copper and food protein in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, thereby forming stable complexes and preventing copper uptake and reabsorption. Additionally, absorbed free TM targets and binds to copper and serum albumin in the bloodstream. This depletes systemic copper reserves and deprives the tumor microenvironment (TME) from copper. Chelation of copper by TM downregulates the expression of angiogenic factors of which copper is a cofactor, such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), and prevents the production of nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB). Copper deprivation also inhibits the activity and levels of copper-dependent angiogenic enzymes, such as vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR). This modulates the activity of VEGFR-positive endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) that are necessary for metastasis. EPC deficiency results in the inhibition of angiogenesis and prevents metastasis. TM also inhibits the activities of other copper-containing metalloenzymes, including superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) in endothelial cells, cytochrome C oxidase, vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1), antioxidant 1 copper chaperone (ATOX-1) and matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9). Inhibition of these enzymes interferes with the activation of several signal transduction pathways required for cellular proliferation and angiogenesis. TM also inhibits the activity and levels of lysyl oxidase-like 2 (LOXL2; lysyl oxidase homolog 2), a copper dependent amine oxidase that is critical for modeling the pre-metastatic niche and promotes metastasis, tumor cell migration and invasiveness. In addition, copper depletion also attenuates the activation of host cells within the tumor microenvironment including cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs), modulates tumor associated macrophages (TAMs) and promotes cytotoxic T-lymphocyte (CTL)-mediated anti-tumor immune responses. 
it is a butanamide having a guanidino group at the 4-position. It is a member of guanidines and a member of butanamides. It is a conjugate base of a 4-guanidiniumylbutanamide(1+). 
it is the sodium salt of hydrocortisone succinate with glucocorticoid property. it is chemically similar to the endogenous hormone that stimulates anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive activities, in addition to exhibiting minor mineralocorticoid effects. This agent binds to intracellular glucocorticoid receptors and is translocated into the nucleus, where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes, such as various cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both potent mediators of inflammation. 
it is a chloroalanine obtained by replacement of one of the methyl hydrogens of alanine by a chloro group. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, an organochlorine compound and a chloroalanine. 
it is an azabicycloalkane that consists of ecgonine having benzoyl and 5-carboxypentyl groups attached to the hydroxy and carboxy functions respectively. It has a role as a hapten. It is an azabicycloalkane, a monocarboxylic acid and a benzoate ester. It derives from an ecgonine. 
it is an organic cation that is the pentacation of it, obtained by protonation of the primary amino groups. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a sterile, nonpyrogenic, aqueous solution intended for intravascular administration as a diagnostic radiocontrast agent. it is available in various concentrations, ranging from 240 to 350 milligrams of iodine per milliliter. 
it is this compound belongs to the class of organic compounds known as enols. These are compounds containing the enol functional group, with the structure HO(R)C=CR'. Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of phenylacetic acid with the amino group of ethylamine. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a phenylacetic acid. 
it is a naphthoic acid that is CD437 in which the phenolic hydroxy group has been converted to its methyl ether. It has a role as a dermatologic drug, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of adamantanes and a naphthoic acid. It derives from a CD437. it is a topical retinoid-like compound, chemically similar to vitamin A. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, it binds to specific retinoic acid receptors in the nucleus, leading to specific gene expression. This agent stimulates skin growth through modulation of cellular differentiation, inflammatory processes and keratinization of follicular epithelial cells. it may increase dermal sensitivity to ultraviolet radiation. (NCI04) 
it is a complex heterocyclic sulfonium compound with an imidazolium core, used to treat hypertension. It has a role as a vasodilator agent, an antihypertensive agent, an anaesthesia adjuvant and a nicotinic antagonist. 
it is a flavone C-glycoside consisting of luteolin having a beta-D-glucosyl residue at the 6-position. It has a role as a radical scavenger and an antineoplastic agent. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a flavone C-glycoside. It derives from a luteolin. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a solid. Formerly used as an acaricide and insecticide. No longer made. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
A dopamine D2 agonist. It is used in the treatment of parkinson disease, particularly for alleviation of tremor. It has also been used for circulatory disorders and in other applications as a D2 agonist. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is cucurbitadienol in which the side-chain double bond (position 24-25) has undergone formal oxidation to introduce hydroxy groups at positions 24 and 25 (the 24R stereoisomer). It is a biometabolite of mogrosides found in Siraitia grosvenorii. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy seco-steroid. It derives from a cucurbitadienol. 
it is a cationic fluorescent dye derived from 9-phenylxanthene. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a xanthene dye and an organic cation. 
it is a topical astringent that is used as an antiseptic agent. it is used to treat inflammation, itching, and stinging of the infected skin and promotes healing. 
it is a naphthoate that is the conjugate base of 2-naphthoic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2-naphthoic acid. 
it is an octadecenoate in which the double bond is at C-9. It is a conjugate base of an octadec-9-enoic acid. 
it is the S- (inactive) enantiomer of dichlorprop. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-dichlorprop. 
The mineral magnesium ammonium phosphate with the formula NH4MgPO4. It is associated with urea-splitting organisms in a high magnesium, high phosphate, alkaline environment. Accumulation of crystallized struvite is found in the urinary tract as struvite CALCULI and as scale on sewage system equipment and wastewater pipes. 
it is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects. it is an inorganic compound containing aluminum. Used in various immunologic preparations to improve immunogenicity, it adjuvant consists of it gel in a saline solution. In vaccines, this agent binds to the protein conjugate, resulting in improved antigen processing by the immune system. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2, 4-triazolo[4, 3-a][1, 4]benzodiazepines. These are aromatic compounds containing a 1, 4-benzodiazepine fused to and sharing a nitrogen atom with a 1, 2, 4-triazole ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is the 2-(diethylamino)ethyl amide of 2-butoxyquinoline-4-carboxylic acid. One of the most potent and toxic of the long-acting local anesthetics, its parenteral use was restricted to spinal anesthesia. It is now generally only used (usually as the hydrochloride) in creams and ointments and in suppositories for temporary relief of pain and itching associated with skin and anorectal conditions. It has a role as a topical anaesthetic. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a tertiary amino compound and an aromatic ether. it is a quinoline derivative and amino amide with anesthetic activity. it reversibly binds to and inactivates sodium channels in the neuronal cell membrane. Inhibition of sodium channels prevents the depolarization of nerve cell membranes and inhibits subsequent propagation of impulses along the course of the nerve, thereby limiting the excitation of nerve endings. This results in loss of sensation. 
2-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-3, 5, 7-trihydroxy-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one, also known as 3572'4'-pentahydroxydihydroflavonol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavanonols. Flavanonols are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, with a structure characterized by a 2-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a hydroxyl group and a ketone at the carbon C2 and C3, respectively. 2-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-3, 5, 7-trihydroxy-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Hyoscyamine as a natural plant alkaloid derivative and anticholinergic that is used to treat mild to moderate nausea, motion sickness, hyperactive bladder and allergic rhinitis. Hyoscyamine has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Hyoscyamine is a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
it is an amino acid zwitterion of N(2)-acetyl-L-ornithine arising from migration of a proton from the carboxy group to the epsilon-amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a tautomer of a N(2)-acetyl-L-ornithine. 
3, 3', 4, 4'-Tetrahydroxy-5, 5'-diisopropyl-2, 2'-dimethylbiphenyl belongs to the class of organic compounds known as biphenols. These are organic compounds containing two phenol groups linked together by a C-C bond. 3, 3', 4, 4'-Tetrahydroxy-5, 5'-diisopropyl-2, 2'-dimethylbiphenyl exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 3, 3', 4, 4'-tetrahydroxy-5, 5'-diisopropyl-2, 2'-dimethylbiphenyl is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3, 3', 4, 4'-tetrahydroxy-5, 5'-diisopropyl-2, 2'-dimethylbiphenyl can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 3, 3', 4, 4'-tetrahydroxy-5, 5'-diisopropyl-2, 2'-dimethylbiphenyl a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
An oxide of aluminum, occurring in nature as various minerals such as it, corundum, etc. It is used as an adsorbent, desiccating agent, and catalyst, and in the manufacture of dental cements and refractories. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point of -35Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a cycloalkane that consists of five carbons each bonded with two hydrogens above and below the plane. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. It is a member of its, a cycloalkane and a volatile organic compound. 
it is an amino disaccharide consisting of an alpha-D-glucose residue having an N-acetyl-alpha-D-glucosaminyl residue attached at the 2-position. It is an amino disaccharide and a glycosylglucose derivative. 
it is a phytosterol consiting of ergostane having double bonds at the 5,6-, 7,8- 9,11- and 22,23-positions as well as a 3beta-hydroxy group. It has a role as a biomarker and a metabolite. It is an ergostanoid, a 3beta-sterol and a member of phytosterols. 
11-Nor-9-carboxy-delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. 
it is a sulfonamide that is the N-4-toluenesulfonyl (N-tosyl) derivative of N-(2,1,3-benzothiadiazol-5-yl)quinoxaline-2,3-diamine. A selective PI3K inhibitor used in cancer treatment. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a sulfonamide, a quinoxaline derivative, a benzothiadiazole and an aromatic amine. 
6, 7-Dihydroxy-2-(phenylmethylidene)-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aurone flavonoids. These are flavonoids containing a 2-Benzylidene-1-benzofuran-3-one based core. Aurone flavonoids provide the bright yellow color of some important ornamental flowers, such as snapdragon (Antirrhinum majus). 6, 7-Dihydroxy-2-(phenylmethylidene)-2, 3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a pyrimidinediamine derivative and dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor related to trimethoprim, with bactericide and diuretic activities. it has never been marketed. 
it is a colorless to pale yellow oily liquid. Nearly odorless. (USCG, 1999) it is a phthalate ester that is the bis(2-ethylhexyl) ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It has a role as an apoptosis inhibitor, an androstane receptor agonist and a plasticiser. It is a phthalate ester and a diester. Diethylhexylphthalate is a colorless, oily organic carcinogen with a slight odor. it is mainly used as a plasticizer for fabricating flexible materials for many household products. Inhalation, digestion, and dermal contact are the primary routes of potential exposure, which was linked to increased incidence of hepatocellular carcinomas in animals. This substance is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
Delta-Octanolide, also known as Î”-octanolide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. Thus, Delta-octanolide is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. Delta-Octanolide is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, Delta-octanolide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Delta-Octanolide exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, Delta-octanolide can be found in fats and oils and fruits. This makes Delta-octanolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a sterigmatocystin whose skeleton comprises a xanthone ring system ortho-fused to a dihydrofuranofuran moiety. It has a role as a metabolite and a carcinogenic agent. It is a member of sterigmatocystins and a cyclic acetal. 
it is the sodium salt of salicylic acid. As a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it irreversibly acetylates cyclooxygenases I and II, thereby inhibiting prostaglandin synthesis and associated inflammation and pain. This agent may also activate mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38MAPK), thereby inducing apoptosis in cancer cells. (NCI04) 
Cyclic hexapeptides of proline-ornithine-threonine-proline-threonine-serine. The cyclization with a single non-peptide bond can lead them to be incorrectly called DEPSIPEPTIDES, but the echinocandins lack ester links. Antifungal activity is via inhibition of 1,3-beta-glucan synthase production of BETA-GLUCANS. 
it is a cyclic peptide that is piperazine in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 5 are replaced by oxo groups. It is a member of 2,5-its and a cyclic peptide. 
Granisetron Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of an indazole derivative with antiemetic properties. As a selective serotonin receptor antagonist, granisetron competitively blocks the action of serotonin at 5-hydroxytryptamine3 (5-HT3) receptors, resulting in the suppression of chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting. 
it is a D-galactosamine 1-phosphate in which the anomeric centre has alpha configuration. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a pentahydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 7, 3, 4' and 5'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentahydroxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. 
A 77 amino acid secreted endogenous ligand for the angiotensin II receptor-like 1 protein (it RECEPTOR) that is proteolytically cleaved into four smaller peptides: it-36, it-31, it-28, and it-13. It inhibits entry of HIV into cells that express both APJ and CD4 ANTIGEN and is highly expressed in breast milk, where it may modulate the neonatal immune response. 
it is a gadolinium-based, hydrophilic, macrocyclic, electrically neutral contrast agent used in contrast-enhanced MRI (CE-MRI). it is a non-ionic, paramagnetic complex consisting of gadolinium (Gd3+) chelated with the macrocyclic compound dihydroxy-hydroxymethylpropyl-tetraazacyclododecane-triacetic acid (butrol). Following intravenous administration, gadobutrol may increase MRI sensitivity for the detection of tumors and inflammatory and demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system (CNS) that are associated with areas with blood-brain barrier defects due to altered perfusion or an enlarged extracellular space. This agent is eliminated in an unchanged form via the kidneys; extra-renal elimination is negligible. 
it is a maltose phosphate having the phosphate group located at the 1-position. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of flavonols that is flavonol substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 5 and methoxy groups at positions 7, 8 and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trimethoxyflavone, a member of flavonols and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavonol. 
it is an indole alkaloid fundamental parent, an alkaloid ester, a vinca alkaloid, a hemiaminal, a methyl ester and a spiro compound. 
it is a long-chain fatty acid that is icosanoic acid carrying a 3-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 3-hydroxy fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from an icosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxyicosanoate. 
it is an L-valine derivative that is L-valinamide in which alpha-amino group has been acylated by a [(2-isopropyl-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)methyl]methylcarbamoyl group and in which a hydrogen of the carboxamide amino group has been replaced by a (2R,4S,5S)-4-hydroxy-1,6-diphenyl-5-{[(1,3-thiazol-5-ylmethoxy)carbonyl]amino}hexan-2-yl group. A CYP3A inhibitor and antiretroviral drug from the protease inhibitor class used to treat HIV infection and AIDS, it is often used as a fixed-dose combination with another protease inhibitor, lopinavir. Also used in combination with dasabuvir sodium hydrate, ombitasvir and paritaprevir (under the trade name Viekira Pak) for treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 infection as well as cirrhosis of the liver. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a HIV protease inhibitor, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a L-valine derivative, a carbamate ester, a member of ureas and a carboxamide. it is a peptidomimetic agent that inhibits both HIV-1 and HIV-2 proteases. it is highly inhibited by serum proteins but boosts the effect of other HIV proteases by blocking their degradation by cytochrome P450. 
it appears as a poisonous berry, the dried fruit of Anamirta cocculus L. Contains several substances including about one percent it. Pure it occurs as shiny leaflets with an intensely bitter taste or as a microcrystalline powder. Very poisonous!. Used in medicine as a central nervous system stimulant and antidote for barbiturate poisoning. Not currently regarded as a useful therapeutic agent. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C8 atom of the flavonoid backbone. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices, peppermint, pot marjoram, and spearmint. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a pyrrolopyrimidine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of itine; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a itine. 
it is an indolocarbazole-based alkaloid and staurosporine analog isolated from Nocardiopsis and Actinomadura species, with kinase inhibiting activity. K252a inhibits a wide variety of enzymes, including, but not limited to, protein kinase A (PKA), C (PKC) and G (PKG), calcium (Ca2+)/calmodulin-dependent kinase type II (CaMKII), phosphorylase kinase (PhK), tropomyosin receptor kinase (Trk; neurotrophic tyrosine receptor kinase; NTRK), myosin light-chain kinase (MLCK; MYLK), mixed-lineage protein kinase 3 (MLK3), receptor-type tyrosine-protein kinase FLT3 (CD135; fms-like tyrosine kinase 3; fetal liver kinase-2; FLK2) and actin-regulating kinase PRK1 (PAK1). Inhibition of these kinases prevents the activation of signaling pathways in which these kinases play a key role. 
it (as [it furoate]) is an anti-protozoal drug used in the treatment of Entamoeba histolytica and some other protozoal infections. Although it is not currently approved for use in the United States, it was approved by a CDC study in the treatment of 4,371 cases of Entamoeba histolytica from 1977 to 1990. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is 4-hydroxybenzoic acid carrying an additional bromo substituent at position 3. It has a role as an algal metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid and a member of bromobenzenes. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-bromo-4-hydroxybenzoate. 
1-hexadecanoyl-2-hexadecyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine is a 1-acyl-2-alkyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine in which the acyl and alkyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as hexadecanoyl and hexadecyl respectively. It has a role as a Papio hamadryas metabolite. It is a phosphatidylcholine O-32:0 and a 1-acyl-2-alkyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
(15Z)-tetracosenoic acid is a tetracosenoic acid having a cis-double bond at position 15. It is a conjugate acid of a (15Z)-tetracosenoate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cumin and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a cholanic acid conjugate anion. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a taurolithocholic acid. 
it is a chloroamino acid that is L-tyrosine carrying chloro- substituents at positions C-3 and C-5 of the benzyl group. It is a dihalogenated L-tyrosine, a dichlorobenzene, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a chloroamino acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, rhizonin a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is conjugate base of it(1+) arising from deprotonation of the diphosphate function. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
2-deoxy-D-ribose 5-phosphate is the 5-O-phosphono derivative of 2-deoxy-D-ribose. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a D-ribose. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-deoxy-D-ribose 5-phosphate(2-). 
it is a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid that is 16beta-methylpregna-1,4-diene-3,20-dione bearing hydroxy groups at the 11beta and 17alpha positions, fluorine at position 9, and a chlorine substituent at position 21. It is used as its 17alpha-propionate ester to treat various skin disorders, including exzema and psoriasis. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and a SMO receptor agonist. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a glucocorticoid, a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a chlorinated steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is a wettable powder. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. It is used as a herbicide. it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which both of the hydrogens attached to one nitrogen are substituted by methyl groups, and one of the hydrogens attached to the other nitrogen is substituted by a 3,4-dichlorophenyl group. It has a role as a herbicide, a photosystem-II inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a dichlorobenzene and a member of phenylureas. 
it, also known as isopropyl pelargonate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a soft silvery metal though normally grayish white due to oxidation. it atom is an alkali metal atom. It has a role as a macronutrient and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
A compound with many biomedical applications: as a gastric antacid, an antiperspirant, in dentifrices, as an emulsifier, as an adjuvant in bacterins and vaccines, in water purification, etc. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03602495 (it in 131I-Refractory Differentiated Thyroid Cancer). it is an orally available multikinase inhibitor that targets Raf kinase and various receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to and blocks the activity of Raf kinase, and inhibits Raf-mediated signal transduction pathways. This inhibits cell proliferation in Raf-expressing tumor cells. In addition, this agent may inhibit unidentified RTKs, and thus may further block tumor cell proliferation in susceptible tumor cells. Raf, a serine/threonine protein kinase, plays a key role in the Raf/mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase (MEK)/extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) signaling pathway. Deregulation of this pathway often results in tumor cell proliferation and survival. 
it is a derivative of fentanyl that presents high selectivity for the mu opioid receptor. At lower doses, it antagonizes the analgesic effects of alfentanil and substitutes for naloxone in morphine-treated monkeys; however, it also reverses naloxone-precipitated withdrawal in pigeons trained to discriminate morphine from naloxone. At high doses, it exhibits analgesic activity which is not fully reversed by opioid antagonists, suggesting that the drug has both opioid and non-opioid mechanisms of action. 
it is a lignan that is (+)-lariciresinol substituted by a methoxy group at position 5'. It has been isolated from the stems of Sinocalamus affinis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a member of oxolanes, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of phenols. It derives from a (+)-lariciresinol. 
Gemifloxacin Mesylate is the mesylate salt form of gemifloxacin, a synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone with antibacterial activity. Gemifloxacin mesylate inhibits activities of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and eventually bacterial growth. This fluoroquinolone exerts an enhanced spectrum of activity against gram-positive bacteria such as Streptococcus pneumoniae and Staphylococcus aureus, in addition to its activity against gram-negative bacteria. 
(3beta, 4alpha, 5alpha)-4-Methyl-8(14)-cholesten-3-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cholesterols and derivatives. Cholesterols and derivatives are compounds containing a 3-hydroxylated cholestane core (3beta, 4alpha, 5alpha)-4-Methyl-8(14)-cholesten-3-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule (3beta, 4alpha, 5alpha)-4-Methyl-8(14)-cholesten-3-ol has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (3beta, 4alpha, 5alpha)-4-methyl-8(14)-cholesten-3-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (3beta, 4alpha, 5alpha)-4-methyl-8(14)-cholesten-3-ol can be found in a number of food items such as red bell pepper, green bell pepper, orange bell pepper, and yellow bell pepper. This makes (3beta, 4alpha, 5alpha)-4-methyl-8(14)-cholesten-3-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
4'-methoxy-5,7-dihydroxyflavanone is a dihydroxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and a methoxy group at position 4' (the 2S stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone, a monomethoxyflavanone, a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. 
it is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate having uracil as the nucleobase. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 3'-monophosphate and a uridine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a cyclic ketone that is 3-hydroxycyclohex-2-en-1-one substituted by a N-[2-(4-chlorophenoxy)propoxy]butanimidoyl group at position 2 and by a thian-3-yl group at position 5. It is a herbicide used for the control of grass weeds in rice. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor. It is an oxime O-ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an aromatic ether, an enol, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and a cyclic ketone. 
A scopolamine derivative and CHOLINERGIC ANTAGONIST that functions as a BRONCHODILATOR AGENT. It is used in the treatment of CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE. 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is glycitin substituted by a malonyl group at position 6''. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a glycosyloxyisoflavone, a hydroxyisoflavone, a malonate ester, a monosaccharide derivative and a methoxyisoflavone. It derives from a glycitin. 
it is an organobromine compound that is bromobenzene substituted at C-2 and -4 with nitro groups. It is an organobromine compound and a C-nitro compound. 
(3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-Stigmasta-7, 25-dien-3-ol, also known as delta-7, 25-stigmastadienol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stigmastanes and derivatives. These are sterol lipids with a structure based on the stigmastane skeleton, which consists of a cholestane moiety bearing an ethyl group at the carbon atom C24. Thus, (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-stigmasta-7, 25-dien-3-ol is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-Stigmasta-7, 25-dien-3-ol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-Stigmasta-7, 25-dien-3-ol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-stigmasta-7, 25-dien-3-ol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-stigmasta-7, 25-dien-3-ol can be found in cucumber, fruits, and watermelon. This makes (3beta, 5alpha, 24S)-stigmasta-7, 25-dien-3-ol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a flavan-3,3',4',5,5',7-hexol having (2R,3R)-configuration. It has a role as an antioxidant, a plant metabolite and a food component. It is a flavan-3,3',4',5,5',7-hexol and a catechin. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
N-(3-Methylbutyl)acetamide, also known as isoamyl acetamide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetamides. These are organic compounds with the general formula RNHC(=O)CH3, where R= organyl group. N-(3-Methylbutyl)acetamide is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N-(3-methylbutyl)acetamide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N-(3-methylbutyl)acetamide can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes N-(3-methylbutyl)acetamide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an N-sulfonylcarboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the sulfonamide nitrogen of p-(cyclopropylaminocarbonyl)benzenesulfonamide with the carboxy group of O-methylsalicylic acid. It is a herbicide safener, used in conjunction with the Bayer herbicide tembotrione. It has a role as a herbicide safener. It is a N-sulfonylcarboxamide and a member of cyclopropanes. It derives from an O-methylsalicylic acid. 
it, also known as fema 2644 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, linalyl caprylate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, dry, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices. This makes linalyl caprylate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the sodium salt form of ganciclovir, a synthetic, antiviral, purine nucleoside analog with antiviral activity, especially against cytomegalovirus (CMV). it is a prodrug that is phosphorylated and subsequently converted into its triphosphate form, the active metabolite ganciclovir-5-triphosphate (ganciclovir-TP), in the infected cells by cellular kinases. Ganciclovir-TP competes as a substrate with nucleotide triphosphates for viral DNA polymerase. Once it gets incorporated into DNA strand, it prevents further polymerization of DNA, thereby interfering with viral DNA replication. 
(E)-dodec-2-enal is a trans-2,3-unsaturated fatty aldehyde that is (E)-dodec-2-ene in which the allylic methyl group has been oxidised to the corresponding aldehyde. It has a role as an anthelminthic drug, a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a trans-2,3-unsaturated fatty aldehyde and a long-chain fatty aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a trans-2-dodecene. 
it is a penicillanic acid compound having a (6R)-amino substituent. The active nucleus common to all penicillins, it may be substituted at the 6-amino position to form the semisynthetic penicillins, resulting in a variety of antibacterial and pharmacologic characteristics. It has a role as an allergen. It derives from a penicillanic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 6-aminopenicillanate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-methylpyridinium compounds. These are methylpyridines that carry a methyl group at the 1-position. it is a drug which is used for the treatment of poisoning due to those pesticides and chemicals of the organophosphate class which have anticholinesterase activity and in the control of overdosage by anticholinesterase drugs used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, pralidoxime is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
This peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide with an inert solid. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzofurans that is 1-benzofuran substituted by a methoxy group at position 7, a 1,3-benzodioxol-5-yl group at position 2 and a 3-hydroxypropyl group at position 5. It has been isolated from Styrax agrestis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, an aromatic ether, a member of benzodioxoles and a primary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a 1-benzofuran. 
it is a member of the class of prostaglandins B that is prosta-8(12),13-dien-1-oic acid carrying oxo and hydroxy substituents at positions 9 and 15 respectively (the 13E,15S-stereoisomer). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid that is cholan-24-oic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 6. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 6beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a cholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a murideoxycholate. 
it is an aminonicotinic acid in which the amino group is situated at position 6 of the pyridine ring. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aromatic amine, an aminopyridine and an aminonicotinic acid. It derives from a nicotinic acid. 
it is a hydroxypolyether that is nonaethylene glycol in which one of the terminal hydroxy functions is substituted by a lauryl (dodecyl) group. It has a role as a nonionic surfactant, a hepatotoxic agent and a sclerotherapy agent. It derives from a nonaethylene glycol. 
Quercetin 3-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside is a quercetin O-glucoside that is quercetin with a beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at position 3. Isolated from Lepisorus contortus, it exhibits antineoplastic activityand has been found to decrease the rate of polymerization and sickling of red blood cells It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite, a bone density conservation agent, an osteogenesis regulator, an antioxidant, a histamine antagonist and an antipruritic drug. It is a quercetin O-glucoside, a tetrahydroxyflavone, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a beta-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a quercetin 3-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside(1-). 
it appears as odorless, white crystals or crystalline powder as an octahydrate. Used to produce rapid digitalization in acute congestive heart failure. Also recommended in treatment of atrial or nodal paroxysmal tachycardia and atrial flutter. (EPA, 1998) it is a steroid hormone that is a multi-hydroxylated alpha-L-rhamnosyl cardenoloide. It binds to and inhibits the plasma membrane Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase (sodium pump). It has been isolated naturally from Strophanthus gratus. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor, an EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor, an EC 2.3.3.1 [citrate (Si)-synthase] inhibitor, an EC 3.1.3.41 (4-nitrophenylphosphatase) inhibitor, a plant metabolite, a cardiotonic drug, an ion transport inhibitor and an anti-arrhythmia drug. It is a cardenolide glycoside, a steroid hormone, an alpha-L-rhamnoside, a 14beta-hydroxy steroid, a 5beta-hydroxy steroid and an 11alpha-hydroxy steroid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of tiotropium bromide. Used for maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and a bronchodilator agent. it is the monohydrate bromide salt form of tiotropium, a quaternary ammonium derivative of atropine and a long-acting muscarinic receptor antagonist, with bronchodilating activity. Upon inhalation, tiotropium binds to and blocks mainly muscarinic M3 receptors located on smooth muscle cells, thereby preventing smooth muscle contraction. 
A peptide derived from the cleavage of ADRENOCORTICOTROPIC HORMONE, found primarily in the INTERMEDIATE LOBE OF PITUITARY but also in the ARCUATE NUCLEUS of basal HYPOTHALAMUS. Its sequence is identical to the C-terminal 22-amino acids of ACTH or ACTH 18-39. 
it is the leukotriene anion that is the monoanion of leukotriene D4 arising from deprotonation of the two carboxy groups and protonation of the cysteinyl alpha-amino group. It is a leukotriene anion and a peptide anion. It is a conjugate base of a leukotriene D4. 
it is a hydroxychrysene that is chrysene in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite and a xenoestrogen. 
it is a benzazepine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepine substituted at position 1 by a methyl group and a t position 6 by a chloro group. It has a role as an appetite depressant and an anti-obesity agent. It is an organochlorine compound and a benzazepine. 
Biphenyl-2,2',3,3'-tetraol is a biphenyl that has four hydroxy groups attached to the benzenoid ring system (position 2,2',3 and 3'); majos species at pH 7.3 It is a member of catechols and a member of hydroxybiphenyls. 
it is a short-acting sympathomimetic beta-2 adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. it binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle and activates intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels lead to the activation of protein kinase A, which inhibits the phosphorylation of myosin and lowers intracellular ionic calcium concentrations, resulting in relaxation of bronchial smooth muscles. The increased cAMP concentrations also inhibit the release of inflammatory mediators, especially from mast cells. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the carboxy group of hexanoic acid by a sodium ion. It has a role as a human metabolite. It contains a hexanoate. 
it is the methanesulfonate trihydrate salt of ziprasidone. It is a hydrate and a methanesulfonate salt. It contains a ziprasidone. it is the mesylate salt form of ziprasidone, a benzothiazolylpiperazine derivative and an atypical antipsychotic agent with an antischizophrenic property. it functions as an antagonist at the dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2A and 5-HT1D receptors, and as an agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor. it also inhibits the synaptic reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. The mechanism of action by which it exerts its antischizophrenic effect is unknown but is potentially mediated through a combination of dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 antagonism. This agent also has antagonistic activity against histamine H1 and alpha-1-adrenergic receptors. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the tricyclic dibenzocycloheptadiene amitriptyline with antidepressant and antinociceptive activities. Amitriptyline inhibits the re-uptake of norepinephrine and serotonin by the presynaptic neuronal membrane in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby increasing the synaptic concentration of norepinephrine and serotonin. Due to constant stimulation to these receptors, amitriptyline may produce a downregulation of adrenergic and serotonin receptors, which may contribute to the antidepressant activity. In the CNS the antinociceptive activity of this agent may involve high affinity binding to and inhibition of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors and/or the enhancement of the action of serotonin at the spinal terminals of an opioid-mediated intrinsic analgesia system. 
it is that isomer of butenoic acid having the double bond at position C-3. It is a conjugate acid of a but-3-enoate. 
Z-Val-Ala-Asp(OMe)-CH2F is a tripeptide consisting of Z-Val-Ala-Asp(OMe) in which the C-terminal OH group has been replaced by a fluoromethyl group. An irreversible pan-caspase inhibitor. It has a role as an apoptosis inhibitor and a protease inhibitor. It is a carbamate ester, a tripeptide and an organofluorine compound. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by the deprotonation of both the carboxy groups of acetylenedicarboxylic acid. It is a C4-dicarboxylate and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of an it(1-). 
it is a 23,24-dihydrocucurbitacin in which a lanostane skeleton is multi-substituted with hydroxy, methyl and oxo substituents, with unsaturation at position 5; a hydroxy function at C-25 is acetylated. It is a 23,24-dihydrocucurbitacin, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a cucurbitacin B. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinazolines. Quinazolines are compounds containing a quinazoline moiety, which is made up of two fused six-member aromatic rings, a benzene ring and a pyrimidine ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of 1-benzothiophenes that is 1-benzothiophene-1,1-dioxide substituted at position 6 by a nitro group. Used as a radiosensitising agent for esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a STAT3 inhibitor and a radiosensitizing agent. It is a member of 1-benzothiophenes, a C-nitro compound and a sulfone. 
Steviol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. Steviol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, steviol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, steviol can be found in fruits and japanese pumpkin. This makes steviol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is alpha-peltatin in which the phenolic hydroxy group of the 4-hydroxy-3,5-dimethoxyphenyl substitutent had been converted into the corresponding methyl ether. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a furonaphthodioxole, a lignan, a member of phenols, a gamma-lactone and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It derives from an alpha-peltatin. 
it is a furan carrying two hydroxymethyl substituents at the 2- and 5-positions. It is a member of furans and a diol. 
it is a tetrahydropyridine that is 1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine substituted by a methyl group at position 1 and a phenyl group at position 4. It has a role as a neurotoxin. It is a member of methylpyridines, a phenylpyridine and a tetrahydropyridine. 
A metabolite of T3 and T4 thyroid hormones; promoted for hyperlipidemia, localized lipodystrophy, and obesity. it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Allan-Herndon-Dudley Syndrome. 
it is a lipid-based glycol consisting of (3S,4R)-3-methoxy-4-methylnonacosane having (9R)- and (11S)-hydroxy substituents; a characteristic constituent of the waxes of tubercule bacilli. It has a role as an epitope. It is a glycol and a lipid. 
it is a tryptophan derivative that is tryptophan carrying a single methyl substituent at position 1 on the indole. It has a role as an EC 1.13.11.52 (indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a tryptophan derivative. 
it is a polyazaalkane consisting of a 13-membered straight chain alkane with aza-groups at the 1-, 5-, 9- and 13-positions. It is a polyazaalkane and a tetramine. It is a conjugate base of a 3,3,3-tetraminium(4+). 
it is a colorless liquid with a strong, unpleasant odor. Floats on water. Poisonous vapor is produced. (USCG, 1999) it is a methylpyridine carrying a methyl substituent at position 2. 
it is a zinc salt of picolinic acid. It is available as OTC dietary supplements as a source of zinc to treat and prevent zinc deficiency. The absorption of zinc after oral administration of it is shown to be effective. 
Selenocysteine, also known as 3-seleno-alanine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-alpha-amino acids. These are alpha amino acids which have the L-configuration of the alpha-carbon atom. Selenocysteine is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Selenocysteine has been found in human testicle, kidney and endocrine gland tissues. Within the cell, selenocysteine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Selenocysteine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Selenocysteine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Selenocysteine can be converted into L-alanine and hydrogen selenide through its interaction with the enzyme selenocysteine lyase. Furthermore, Selenocysteine and 2-ketobutyric acid can be biosynthesized from selenocystathionine; which is mediated by the enzyme cystathionine gamma-lyase. Furthermore, Selenocysteine and succinic acid can be biosynthesized from selenocystathionine and O-succinyl-L-homoserine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme cystathionine gamma-synthase. Finally, Selenocysteine and acetylhomoserine can be converted into selenocystathionine and acetic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme cystathionine gamma-synthase. In humans, selenocysteine is involved in the selenoamino acid metabolism pathway. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of selegiline, a levorotatory acetylenic derivative of phenethylamine with antiparkinsonian effect. As a selective monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitor, selegiline has the greatest affinity for type B MAO, found mainly in the brain. Selegiline is converted by MAO B to an active moiety, which binds irreversibly at the active site of the enzyme's cofactor FAD (flavin adenine dinucleotide) molecule. This prevents the oxidative deamination of catecholamines and serotonin by MAO B, and leads to an increase in these neurotransmitters' activities resulting in improved motor function. In addition, this agent may inhibit re-uptake of dopamine by the neuron and prolong dopamine activity. 
4-Butyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 4-Butyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-butyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4-butyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole can be found in cocoa and cocoa products and potato. This makes 4-butyl-2, 5-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
3,3,4,4,5,5,6,6,7,7,8,8,9,9,10,10,10-heptadecafluoro-1-decanol is a fluorotelomer alcohol that is ethanol substituted at position 2 by a perfluorooctyl group. It is a primary alcohol and a fluorotelomer alcohol. It derives from a decan-1-ol. 
Stigmastanol is a steroid derivative characterized by the hydroxyl group in position C-3 of the steroid skeleton, and a saturated bond in position 5-6 of the B ring. 
it+ is an odorless white crystalline powder. Slightly bitter taste. pH (0.5% aqueous solution) 5 to 7.5. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic potassium salt. It contains a phenoxymethylpenicillin(1-). it is the potassium salt of penicillin V, a member of the penicillin antibiotic family with broad-spectrum bactericidal activity. Penicillin V binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), enzymes located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, resulting in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and cell lysis. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. 
it is a pyrroledicarboxylic acid in which the two carboxy groups are located at positions 3 and 4. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is an ether having ethyl and tert-butyl as the two alkyl components. It is used as an engine fuel additive to reduce emissions of carbon monoxide and soot. It has a role as a fuel additive. It is an ether and a volatile organic compound. 
it is the trisodium salt of mangafodipir with potential antioxidant and chemoprotective activities. Consisting of manganese (II) ions chelated to fodipir (dipyridoxyl diphosphate or DPDP), mangafodipir scavenges oxygen free radicals such as superoxide anion, hydrogen peroxide, and hydroxyl radical, potentially preventing oxygen free radical damage to macromolecules such as DNA and minimizing oxygen free radical-related chemotoxicity in normal tissues. However, this agent may potentiate the chemotherapy-induced generation of oxygen free radicals in tumor cells, resulting in the potentiation of chemotherapy-induced cytotoxicity; tumor cells, with higher levels of reactive oxygen species than normal cells, possess a lower threshold for oxygen free radical-mediated cytotoxicity. Mangafodipir is traditionally used as an imaging agent in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). 
it is a phthalate ester that is the dipropyl ester of benzene-1,2-dicarboxylic acid. It is a phthalate ester and a diester. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine having palmitoyl and azelaoyl groups at positions 1 and 2 respectively. It derives from a nonanedioic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
A macrolide antibiotic, produced by Streptomyces erythreus. It is the lauryl sulfate salt of the propionic ester of erythromycin. This erythromycin salt acts primarily as a bacteriostatic agent. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding process inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. 
it is an it that is the cation resulting from protonation at the 3-position of 1H-imidazole. It is a conjugate acid of a 1H-imidazole. 
1-Phenyl-1, 3-octadecanedione, also known as 1-benzoyl-2-heptadecanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. 1-Phenyl-1, 3-octadecanedione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-phenyl-1, 3-octadecanedione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1-phenyl-1, 3-octadecanedione can be found in fats and oils. This makes 1-phenyl-1, 3-octadecanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an acetate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the two hydroxy groups of propane-1,3-diol with acetic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a diester and an acetate ester. It derives from a propane-1,3-diol. 
it, also known as fema 2413 or homoanisaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol ethers. These are aromatic compounds containing an ether group substituted with a benzene ring. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a sweet, anisic, and floral tasting compound that can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a dark-colored viscous liquid with a mild odor. Insoluble in water and slightly less dense than water. Contact may moderately irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes, and cause dizziness, nausea and loss of consciousness. Used to make other chemicals and is a marine pollutant. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of cycloguanil. It is an organic molecular entity and a hydrochloride. It contains a cycloguanil. 
it, also known as 2-isobutyl-pyridine or fema 3370, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). it has a strong and aromatic taste. 
it is a semisynthetic, second-generation taxane derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and stabilizes tubulin molecules, thereby interfering with the dynamics of microtubule assembly/disassembly. This results in the inhibition of cell division and cellular proliferation. As it represents a poor substrate for P-glycoprotein (P-gp), multi-drug resistance protein (MRP-1) and breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP) mediated efflux, it modulates multi-drug resistance mechanisms and may be useful for treating multi-drug resistant tumors that express Pgp, MRP-1 and BCRP. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03762122 (it in Patients With Advanced Pretreated Squamous-cell Non-small Cell Lung Cancer (SQCLC)). it is a pan inhibitor of human fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFRs) with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits the activities of FGFRs, which may result in the inhibition of both tumor angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation, and the induction of tumor cell death. FGFRs are a family of receptor tyrosine kinases, which may be upregulated in various tumor cell types and may be involved in tumor cell differentiation and proliferation, tumor angiogenesis, and tumor cell survival. 
Prostaglandin I2 is a prostaglandins I. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a prostaglandin I2(1-). it is an oral it and a metabolite of arachidonic acid with antihypertensive and platelet inhibitory properties. it binds to it receptors on platelet surfaces, subsequently activating platelet membrane adenyl cyclase and resulting in increased cAMP levels. The elevated cAMP triggers signal transduction that leads to vasodilations. In addition, this agent also functions as an antagonist of thromboxane A2, thereby resulting in direct vasodilation of pulmonary and systemic arterial vascular beds, and inhibition of platelet aggregation. 
Nalmefene is an opiate receptor antagonist which is used to treat acute opioid overdose and to help in the management of alcohol dependence and addictive behaviors. Nalmefene has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to clinically apparent liver injury. 
it is the beta-anomer of 5-phospho-D-ribosylamine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-phospho-beta-D-ribosylaminium(1-). 
it, also known as 2-phenylbutyric acid or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Colestipol Hydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt form of colestipol, a positively charged, non-digestible, triamine and epoxypropane copolymer anion-exchange resin that binds to bile acids in the intestine to form an insoluble complex, which is excreted in the feces. 
it is a hydrate. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a meropenem. Meropenem is a broad-spectrum carbapenem with antibacterial properties, synthetic Meropenem inhibits cell wall synthesis in gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. It penetrates cell walls and binds to penicillin-binding protein targets. Meropenem acts against aerobes and anaerobes including Klebsiella, E. coli, Enterococcus, Clostridium sp.. (NCI04) 
it is a phenylacetaldehyde in which the 3 and 4 positions of the phenyl group are substituted by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of catechols, an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde and a member of phenylacetaldehydes. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00380900 (Study Evaluating the Safety, Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Multiple Ascending Doses in Healthy subjects and in subjects with osteoarthritis). 
it is an octadecenynoic acid having a cis-double bond at C-9 and a triple bond at position 12. It is a conjugate acid of a crepenynate. 
it is a nucleoside formed by attaching orotic acid to a ribose ring via a beta-N(1)-glycosidic bond. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a fungal metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a pyrimidinemonocarboxylic acid, a member of uridines and a nucleoside. 
it is a lysophosphatidylcholine O-16:0e in which the hexadecyl group at C-1 contains 16 carbons of which none are unsaturated. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a lysophosphatidylcholine O-16:0 and a 1-alkyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine. 
it is a ribonucleoside triphosphate oxoanion that is the heptaanion of guanosine 3'-diphosphate 5'-triphosphate. It is a conjugate base of a guanosine 3'-diphosphate 5'-triphosphate hexaanion. 
it is a retinal having 2E,4Z,6E,8E-double bond geometry. It has a role as a chromophore, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
Urocanic acid, also known as Urocanate or 3-(1H-Imidazol-4-yl)-2-propenoic acid, is classified as an imidazolyl carboxylic acids or a derivative. An imidazolyl carboxylic acids or a derivative are organic compounds containing a carboxylic acid chain (of at least 2 carbon atoms) linked to an imidazole ring. Urocanic acid is considered a soluble (in water), acidic compound. Urocanic acid is an intermediate in the catabolism of <small>L</small>-histidine. 
Mafosfamide is a synthetic oxazaphosphorine derivative with antineoplastic properties. Mafosfamide alkylates DNA, forming DNA cross-links and inhibiting DNA synthesis. Although closely related to cyclophosphamide, mafosfamide, unlike cyclophosphamide, does not require hepatic activation to generate its active metabolite 4-hydroxy-cyclophosphamide; accordingly, mafosfamide is potentially useful in the intrathecal treatment of neoplastic meningitis. (NCI04) 
it is a diterpenoid isolated from Ajuga bracteosa. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a diterpenoid, a furofuran, a spiro-epoxide and a cyclic acetal. 
it is a member of the class of coumestans that is coumestan with hydroxy substituents as positions 1, 8 and 9 and a methoxy substituent at position 3. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, a hepatoprotective agent and a metabolite. It is a member of coumestans, a delta-lactone, an aromatic ether and a polyphenol. It derives from a coumestan. 
it is a member of the class of azetidines that is (2S)-azetidine 2-carboxylic acid in which the carboxylic acid has been converted to the amide corresponding to formal condensation with 4-(aminomethyl)benzenecarboximidamide and in which the hydrogen attached to the azetidine nitrogen is replaced by a (2R)-2-cyclohexyl-2-[(carboxymethyl)amino]acetyl group. It has a role as an anticoagulant, an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor and a serine protease inhibitor. It is a carboxamidine, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid, a secondary amino compound and a member of azetidines. 
19-Norandrosterone, also known as 19-noretiocholanolone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as estrogens and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure containing a 3-hydroxylated estrane. 19-Norandrosterone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. 19-Norandrosterone has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 19-norandrosterone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
4-hydroxymellein is an isochromane that is mellein bearing a hydroxy group at position 4. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a fungal metabolite, a plant metabolite, an animal metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a member of isochromanes, a member of phenols and a delta-lactone. It derives from a mellein. 
Borneol appears as a white colored lump-solid with a sharp camphor-like odor. Burns readily. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. Used to make perfumes. it is a borneol. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-borneol. 
it is the S-enantiomer of etodolac. It is a preferential inhibitor of cyclo-oxygenase 2 and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory, whereas the enantiomer, (R)-etodolac, is inactive. The racemate is commonly used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis, and for the alleviation of postoperative pain. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-etodolac. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is glyoxylic acid in which the aldehyde hydrogen is substituted by a 3,5-dihydroxyphenyl group. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of resorcinols. It derives from a glyoxylic acid. 
it is a 1,8-naphthyridine derivative that is 4-oxo-1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine-3-carboxylic acid bearing additional 2,4-difluorophenyl, fluoro and 6-amino-3-azabicyclo[3.1.0]hex-3-yl substituents at positions 1, 6 and 7 respectively. A broad-spectrum antibiotic that was withdrawn from the market due to risk of liver failure. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a hepatotoxic agent, a topoisomerase IV inhibitor, a DNA synthesis inhibitor and an antibacterial drug. It is a 1,8-naphthyridine derivative, an amino acid, a monocarboxylic acid, an azabicycloalkane, a tertiary amino compound, a primary amino compound, a quinolone antibiotic, a fluoroquinolone antibiotic and a difluorobenzene. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (E)-4-(trimethylammonio)but-2-enoic acid. It derives from a coenzyme A and an (E)-4-(trimethylammonio)but-2-enoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(3-). 
A physiologically active metabolite of VITAMIN D. The compound is involved in the regulation of calcium metabolism, alkaline phosphatase activity, and enhancing the calcemic effect of CALCITRIOL. 
it is an anthocyanidin cation consisting of benzopyrylium with hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 5, a methoxy group at position 7 and a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl group at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-ethyl-4-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-ethyl-4-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole can be found in potato. This makes 5-ethyl-4-methyl-2-(1-methylethyl)oxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an aromatic ether that consists of 1,3-thiazolidine-2,4-dione with position 5 substituted by a 4-[(1-methylcyclohexyl)methoxy]benzyl group. A selective PPARgamma agonist. It has a role as an insulin-sensitizing drug and an antineoplastic agent. It is a thiazolidinone and an aromatic ether. it is an agent belonging to the glitazone (thiazolidinedione) class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic activity. it also exerts anti-inflammatory activity through the modulation of nuclear factor-kappaB-mediated pathways. In addition, this agent inhibits angiogenesis by reducing vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) production and inhibits growth of melanoma cells by inhibiting the expression of (C-X-C motif) ligand 1 (CXCL1). This agent is the prototypical compound for the thiazolidinedione class, and has never been marketed. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, p-ethylacetophenone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, p-ethylacetophenone can be found in tea. This makes p-ethylacetophenone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated ester resulting from the formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of 9-hydroxynonanoic acid with the carboxy group of (2E)-4-[(2S)-tetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-yl]-3-methylbut-2-enoic acid in which the tetrahydropyranyl ring is substituted at positions 3 and 4 by hydroxy groups and at position 5 by a {(2S,3S)-3-[(2S,3S)-3-hydroxybutan-2-yl]oxiran-2-yl}methyl group. Originally isolated from the Gram-negative bacterium Pseudomonas fluorescens, it is used as a topical antibiotic for the treatment of Gram-positive bacterial infections. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial drug and a protein synthesis inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of oxanes, an epoxide, a secondary alcohol, a triol and an alpha,beta-unsaturated carboxylic ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a natural crotonic acid derivative extracted from Pseudomonas fluorescens. it inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by specific reversible binding to bacterial isoleucyl tRNA synthase. With excellent activity against gram-positive staphylococci and streptococci, it is primarily used for treatment of primary and secondary skin disorders, nasal infections, and wound healing. (NCI04) 
it, also known as 3-oxolauroyl-coa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-oxododecanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, 3-oxododecanoyl-CoA is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the fatty acid elongation in mitochondria pathway, short chain acyl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (scad deficiency), the ethylmalonic encephalopathy pathway, and the mitochondrial Beta-oxidation OF medium chain saturated fatty acids pathway. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-aspartic acid, two L-leucine units and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-aspartic acid, a L-leucine and a L-serine. 
it is an amino disaccharide consisting of beta-D-galactose linked via a (1->3)-glycosidic bond to N-acetyl-D-glucosamine. It has a role as an epitope. It is an amino disaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it, also known as O-propyl-toluene or toluene, O-propyl- (8ci), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanes. These are organic compounds containing a phenylpropane moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the hydroxypolyether that is tetratriacontaethylene glycol in which one of the hydroxy groups is substituted by methoxy. It derives from a tetratriacontaethylene glycol. 
it has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Heart Diseases, Coronary Disease, Arteriosclerosis, Vascular Diseases, and Myocardial Ischemia, among others. 
it is a it. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 5,6,7,8-it(2-). 
it is an orally active diketopiperazine derivative with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively targets and binds to the colchicine-binding site of tubulin, thereby interrupting equilibrium of microtubule dynamics. This disrupts mitotic spindle assembly leading to cell cycle arrest at M phase and blockage of cell division. In addition, it may also inhibit growth of proliferating vascular endothelial cells, thereby disrupting the function of tumor vasculature that further contributes to a decrease in tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a organochlorine compound that is 4,4'-dichlorodiphenylmethane in which one of the methylene hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxymethyl group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a 4,4'-dichlorodiphenylmethane. 
it is a member of the class of azulenes carrying sulfo, ethyl and isopropyl substituents at positions 1, 3 and 7 respectively. Used (in the form of its sodium salt) for treatment of gastric ulcers. It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug and a thromboxane A2 antagonist. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of azulenes. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a carboxyalkyl phosphate oxoanion resuting from deprotonation of the carboxy and phosphate groups of 3-phosphooxypyruvic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a pyruvate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-phosphonooxypyruvic acid. 
it is an N-alkylpyrrolidine, that is N-methylpyrrolidine in which the pro-R hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a {5-[2-(phenylsulfonyl)ethyl]-1H-indol-3-yl}methyl group. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist, a vasoconstrictor agent and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a member of indoles, a N-alkylpyrrolidine and a sulfone. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is a 3beta-sterol that is campesterol in which position 22 has been dehydrogenated to introduce a double bond. It is a phytosterol found in marine algae, mussels, crinoids, mites and plants. It has a role as an algal metabolite, a biomarker, a plant metabolite, an animal metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, an ergostanoid and a member of phytosterols. It derives from a campesterol. 
it is a UDP-D-galactofuranose(2-) in which the anomeric centre of the galactofuranose moiety has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate base of an UDP-alpha-D-galactofuranose. 
it is a colourless, volatile, poisonous inorganic compound with the formula it; the simplest stable chemical compound that contains carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen, the four most commonly-found elements in organic chemistry and biology. It is a hydracid and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanate. It is a tautomer of a cyanic acid. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-phenylalanine in which the meta-hydrogen of the phenyl group has been replaced by a chlorine. It is a chloroamino acid, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a L-phenylalanine derivative. 
(s)-3-hydroxyoctadecanoyl-coa, also known as beta-Hydroxy stearyl-CoA, is classified as a long-chain fatty acyl coa. A long-chain fatty acyl coa are acyl CoAs where the group acylated to the coenzyme A moiety is a long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. (s)-3-hydroxyoctadecanoyl-coa is considered a slightly soluble (in water), acidic compound. (s)-3-hydroxyoctadecanoyl-coa may be a unique E. coli metabolite. (s)-3-hydroxyoctadecanoyl-coa belongs to the class of Acyl CoAs. These are organic compounds contaning a coenzyme A substructure linked to another moeity through an ester bond. (inferred from compound structure). 
Sirius red 4B is an organic sodium salt resulting from the formal condensation of Sirius red 4B (acid form) with two equivalents of sodium hydroxide. Used as the plasma stain in some trichrome staining methods. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome, an environmental contaminant and a poison. It contains a Sirius red 4B(2-). 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridines and derivatives. Pyridines and derivatives are compounds containing a pyridine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of one nitrogen atom and five carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in sweet orange. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dialdehyde in which two formyl groups are attached to adjacent carbon centres on a benzene ring. It has a role as an epitope. It is a dialdehyde and a member of benzaldehydes. 
it is an oxonium betaine that is the conjugate base of cyanidin 3,7-di-O-beta-D-glucoside, arising from regioselective deprotonation of the 5-hydroxy group. Major structure at pH 7.3 It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is a conjugate base of a cyanidin 3,7-di-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
it is a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid that is succinic acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to a carbon is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a food acidity regulator and a fundamental metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxydicarboxylic acid and a C4-dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a malate(2-) and a malate. 
L-it is an alpha-amino acid that is 2,7-diaminoheptanoic acid substituted by a imino group at position 7 (the 2S stereoisomer). It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a carboxamidine and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is an indane substituted at position 7 by a methyl group and at position 4 by a 3-(isopropylamino)-2-hydroxybutoxy group (the 2R,3S-diastereomer). It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist. It is a member of indanes, an aromatic ether, a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. 
it is the bromide salt form of methscopolamine, a quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine with anticholinergic properties. it exerts its effect on muscarine receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, thereby blocking the actions of acetylcholine. This leads to an inhibition of gastric secretions and gastrointestinal motility. 
it is benzophenone substituted on one of the phenyl rings at C-3 and C-4 by hydroxy groups and at C-5 by a nitro group, and on the other phenyl ring by a methyl group at C-4. It is an inhibitor of catechol O-methyltransferase. It has a role as an EC 2.1.1.6 (catechol O-methyltransferase) inhibitor and an antiparkinson drug. It is a member of benzophenones, a member of 2-nitrophenols and a member of catechols. it is a benzophenone derivative and a catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT) inhibitor. it selectively and reversibly inhibits COMT, an enzyme that catalyzes the metabolism of biologically active catechols and their hydroxylated metabolites by transferring the methyl group of S-adenosyl-L-methionine to the phenolic group of catechol-containing substrates. When given in conjunction with a peripheral dopa decarboxylase inhibitor and levodopa, it may prevent the metabolism of levodopa to 3-methoxy-4-hydroxy- L-phenylalanine (3-OMD) in the brain and peripheral tissues leading to increased bioavailability and enhancement of delivery to the central nervous system (CNS) of levodopa. 
it is a cytotoxic anthracycline antibiotic that is produced by Streptomyces peucetius var. carminatus (a biochemical mutant of Streptomyces peucetius var. caesius), and is active against P-388 murine leukemia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an anthracycline antibiotic, an aminoglycoside antibiotic, a member of p-quinones, a member of tetracenequinones and a tertiary alcohol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. 
Cefixime is a broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived semisynthetically from the marine fungus Cephalosporium acremonium with antibacterial activity. As does penicillin, the beta-lactam antibiotic cefixime inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by disrupting peptidoglycan synthesis, resulting in a reduction in bacterial cell wall stability and bacterial cell lysis. Stable in the presence of a variety of beta-lactamases, this agent is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria compared to second-generation cephalosporins. 
it is an orally active, synthetic small molecule and an antagonist of a subset of the B-cell leukemia 2 (Bcl-2) family of proteins with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to apoptosis suppressor proteins Bcl-2, Bcl-XL, and Bcl-w, which are frequently overexpressed in a wide variety of cancers, including those of the lymph, breast, lung, prostate, and colon, and are linked to tumor drug resistance. Inhibition of these apoptosis suppressors prevents their binding to the apoptotic effectors Bax and Bak proteins, thereby triggering apoptotic processes in cells overexpressing Bcl-2, Bcl-XL, and Bcl-w. This eventually reduces tumor cell proliferation. 
Diarsenic trioxide is an arsenic oxide in which arsenic and oxygen atoms are present in the ratio 2:3. It has a role as an insecticide and an antineoplastic agent. 
it is a member of the class of furanocoumarins that is furo[3,2-g]chromen-7-one, bearing additional isopropyl and methoxy substituents at positions 2 and 3 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a furanocoumarin, an aromatic ether and a lactone. 
it is a L-histidine derivative that is L-histidine substituted by a methyl group at position 3 on the imidazole ring. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a L-histidine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
A nonapeptide hormone released from the neurohypophysis (PITUITARY GLAND, POSTERIOR). It differs from VASOPRESSIN by two amino acids at residues 3 and 8. Oxytocin acts on SMOOTH MUSCLE CELLS, such as causing UTERINE CONTRACTIONS and MILK EJECTION. 
it is a barbiturate, the structure of which is that of barbituric acid substituted at N-1 by a methyl group and at C-5 by allyl and 1-methylpent-2-ynyl groups. It has a role as an intravenous anaesthetic and a drug allergen. It is a member of barbiturates and an acetylenic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a rapid, short-acting barbituric acid derivative, with anesthetic activity. it binds to the chloride ionophore site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A/chloride ionophore receptor complex, thereby enhancing the inhibitory actions of GABA-A in the brain. This leads to synaptic inhibition, decreased neuronal excitability, and induction of anesthesia. In addition, this agent decreases glutamate (Glu) responses. 
it is a coumarate that is the conjugate base of 4-coumaric acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 4-coumaric acid. 
it appears as brick-red microcrystals with a slight violet luster or a purple powder. Aqueous solutions are yellow to brick-red and slightly acidic; they may be stabilized by the addition of 10% glucose. Slightly bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining phenazopyridine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. A local anesthetic that has topical analgesic effect on mucosa lining of the urinary tract. Its use is limited by problems with toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a local anaesthetic and a non-narcotic analgesic. It contains a phenazopyridine(1+). it is a synthetic, brick-red crystalline solid that is only slightly soluble in cold water and ethanol but is soluble in boiling water, acetic acid, glycerol, ethylene glycol and propylene glycol. It is used orally as a urinary tract analgesic. Side effects of it administration can include nausea, interference with the oxygen-carrying capacity of red blood cells (methemoglobinemia), hemolytic anemia as well as renal and hepatic toxicity. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is the ethylsuccinate salt form of erythromycin, a broad-spectrum, topical macrolide antibiotic with antibacterial activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell membrane and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This prevents bacterial protein synthesis. it may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal in action, depending on the concentration of the drug at the site of infection and the susceptibility of the organism involved. 
Aurothiomalic acid is a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid that is thiomalic acid in which the sulfur atom is linked to a gold atom. It is a gold coordination entity and a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid. It derives from a thiomalic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is a sulfonamide obtained by formal condensation of the sulfo group of 5-(dimethylamino)naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid with one of the amino groups of cadaverine. It has a role as a fluorochrome, a protective agent and an EC 2.3.2.13 (protein-glutamine gamma-glutamyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, an aminonaphthalene, a tertiary amino compound and a primary amino compound. It derives from a cadaverine. 
it is an oxime O-ether that is the O-methyloxime of 2',4'-dichloro-2-(3-pyridyl)acetophenone. A fungicide used for control of powdery mildew, scab and other fungal pathogens on a range of crops. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dichlorobenzene, an oxime O-ether and a member of pyridines. 
Glycyl-glutamine, also known as it or gly-GLN, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Glycyl-glutamine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer. it is a stereoisomer of verapamil and third-generation P-glycoprotein inhibitor. it inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein, resulting in higher concentrations of antineoplastic agents in tumor cells that are multi-drug resistant due to the overexpression of P-glycoprotein. (NCI04) 
it appears as colorless crystals. Melting point 51Â°C. Density 1.93 g / cm3. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Poisonous by ingestion. Used to cause drop of citrus fruit in harvesting. 
PIM Kinase Inhibitor it is an orally available, second-generation and selective ATP-competitive inhibitor of proviral integration site for Moloney murine leukemia virus (PIM) kinases, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, PIM kinase inhibitor it selectively binds to and prevents the activation of the PIM kinases. This prevents the activation of PIM-mediated signaling pathways and inhibits proliferation in cells that overexpress PIM. PIMs, constitutively active proto-oncogenic serine/threonine kinases, are upregulated in various types of cancers and play key roles in tumor cell proliferation and survival. 
3-(3, 5-Dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. 3-(3, 5-Dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
N, N-Dimethylphenethylamine, also known as N, N, alpha-trimethyl-benzylamine or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aralkylamines. These are alkylamines in which the alkyl group is substituted at one carbon atom by an aromatic hydrocarbyl group. N, N-Dimethylphenethylamine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, N, N-dimethylphenethylamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
1, 3-Dimethoxyanthraquinone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthraquinones. These are organic compounds containing either anthracene-9, 10-quinone, 1, 4-anthraquinone, or 1, 2-anthraquinone. 1, 3-Dimethoxyanthraquinone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1, 3-dimethoxyanthraquinone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1, 3-dimethoxyanthraquinone can be found in beverages, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes 1, 3-dimethoxyanthraquinone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
9-ribosyl-trans-zeatin is a 9-ribosylzeatin having trans-zeatin as the nucleobase. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a cytokinin. It is a nucleoside analogue and a 9-ribosylzeatin. It derives from an adenosine. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 3,5-dinitro-4-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a pyruvic acid and a 2,6-dinitrophenol. 
A histamine congener, it competitively inhibits HISTAMINE binding to HISTAMINE H2 RECEPTORS. Cimetidine has a range of pharmacological actions. It inhibits GASTRIC ACID secretion, as well as PEPSIN and GASTRIN output. 
2-{[(2, 3-dihydroxyphenyl)(hydroxy)methylidene]amino}acetic acid, also known as 2, 3-dihydroxybenzoyl-N-glycine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hippuric acids. Hippuric acids are compounds containing hippuric acid, which consists of a of a benzoyl group linked to the N-terminal of a glycine. 2-{[(2, 3-dihydroxyphenyl)(hydroxy)methylidene]amino}acetic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a mycosporine-like amino acid that is the ketimine resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of L-serine with the keto group of (5S)-5-hydroxy-5-(hydroxymethyl)-2-methoxycyclohex-2-en-1-one and in which the hydrogen at position 3 of the cyclohexenone moiety has been replaced by the amino group of glycine. It is an active ingredient found in environmentally friendly sunscreen creams. It has a role as an ultraviolet filter and an antioxidant. It is a mycosporine-like amino acid, a ketimine and a dicarboxylic acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and supportive care of Kidney Diseases, Urologic Diseases, Renal Insufficiency, Erectile Dysfunction, and Male Erectile Dysfunction. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03428958 (A Safety Study of it in Combination With Standard Agents Used in Colorectal Cancer Treatment). 
it is a ferulic acid consisting of trans-cinnamic acid bearing methoxy and hydroxy substituents at positions 4 and 3 respectively on the phenyl ring. It has a role as a metabolite, a biomarker and an antioxidant. 
it is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols that is benzyl alcohol substituted at the para-position by a nitro group. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of benzyl alcohols and a C-nitro compound. 
it, also known as S-S dipeptide or ser-ser, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as arginine phosphate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in crustaceans. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a thioacetate ester and a dipeptide. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor. it is a long-acting, sulfhydryl-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is rapidly metabolized to captopril; captopril competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. Captopril also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a pyrrolopyrimidine that is 7-deazaguanine bearing a carboxylic acid substituent at the 7 position. It is a pyrrolopyrimidine and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-carboxylato-7-deazaguanine. 
it is a common naturally occurring and radioactive substance. It is a normal part of rocks, soil, air, and water, and it occurs in nature in the form of minerals â€“ but never as a metal. it metal is silver-colored with a gray surface and is nearly as strong as steel. Natural uranium is a mixture of three types or isotopes called it-234/234it, it-235/235it and it-238/238it. All three are the same chemical, but they have different radioactive properties. it is a radioactive element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 92, and atomic weight 238. 
it is the monohydrate hydrochloride salt form of clindamycin, a semi-synthetic, chlorinated broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of lincomycin. 
it is a hydroxy-fatty acid formally derived from octacecanoic (stearic) acid by hydroxy substitution at positions 9 and 10. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a hydroxyoctadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 9,10-dihydroxystearate. 
Dieldrin is a light-tan flaked solid. It is insoluble in water. It is toxic by inhalation, skin absorption and ingestion. It can penetrate intact skin. It is used as an insecticide. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid trianion resulting from the removal of a proton from each of the carboxy groups of tricarballylic acid. It is a conjugate base of a tricarballylic acid. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acyl coas. These are acyl CoAs where the group acylated to the coenzyme A moiety is a long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. Thus, 2-hydroxyphytanoyl-CoA is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-hydroxyphytanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the peroxisome, cytoplasm and mitochondria. In humans, 2-hydroxyphytanoyl-CoA is involved in the oxidation OF branched chain fatty acids pathway and the phytanic Acid peroxisomal oxidation pathway. it is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the refsum disease pathway. 
it is an organic sodium salt composed of sodium and 3-(trimethylsilyl)propionate ions in a 1:1 ratio. It is used as internal reference in the NMR spectrum nuclear magnetic resonance for aqueous solvents (e.g. D2O). It contains a 3-(trimethylsilyl)propionate. 
it zwitterion is a zwitterionic tautomer of it arising from shift of the proton from the carboxy group to the amino group. It has a role as a cofactor. It is a sulfonium compound and an organic cation. It is a tautomer of a it. 
it is an indole derivative and third-generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it specifically binds to estrogen receptors in responsive tissues, including liver, bone, breast, and endometrium. The resulting ligand-receptor complex is translocated to the nucleus where, depending on the tissue type, it either promotes or suppresses the transcription of estrogen-regulated genes. it acts as an estrogen antagonist in uterine and breast tissue, thereby blocking the proliferative effects of estrogen-binding to ER-positive cells in these tissues. it functions as an estrogen agonist in lipid metabolism, thereby decreasing total and LDL cholesterol levels. In bone, it decreases bone resorption and bone turnover and increases bone mineral density. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Cancers, Breast Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Renal Cell Carcinoma, and Endometrial Carcinoma, among others. it is an orally available agent targeting phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K) and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) kinase in the PI3K/mTOR signaling pathway, with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits both PI3K kinase and mTOR kinase, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis and growth inhibition of cancer cells overexpressing PI3K/mTOR. Activation of the PI3K/mTOR pathway promotes cell growth, survival, and resistance to chemotherapy and radiotherapy; mTOR, a serine/threonine kinase downstream of PI3K, may also be activated in a PI3K-independent fashion. 
it is a biomacromolecule that is composed of ADP-D-ribose units linked through glycosidic ribose-ribose 1''->2' bonds. Branching may also occur. It is a biomacromolecule and a polysaccharide derivative. It contains an ADP-D-ribose. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an isomer of pinene with an exocyclic double bond. It is a component of essential oils from many plants. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Leukemia, Myeloid, Acute, Recurrent Plasma Cell Myeloma, and Neoplasms, Leukemia, Acute Myeloid Leukemia. it is an orally available, small molecule, antagonist of MDM2 (mouse double minute 2; Mdm2 p53 binding protein homolog), with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to MDM2 blocking the interaction between the MDM2 protein and the transcriptional activation domain of the tumor suppressor protein p53. By preventing the MDM2-p53 interaction, p53 is not enzymatically degraded and the transcriptional activity of p53 is restored. This may lead to p53-mediated induction of tumor cell apoptosis. MDM2, a zinc finger nuclear phosphoprotein and negative regulator of the p53 pathway, is often overexpressed in cancer cells and has been implicated in cancer cell proliferation and survival. 
it is a tartrate salt obtained by reaction of rivastigmine with one equivalent of (R,R)-tartaric acid. A reversible cholinesterase inhibitor. It has a role as a cholinergic drug, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a neuroprotective agent. It contains a rivastigmine(1+). it is the tartrate salt form of rivastigmine, a phenylcarbamate derivative exhibiting cognitive stimulating property. Although the mechanism of action has not been fully elucidated, it may bind reversibly to cholinesterase, thereby decreasing the breakdown of acetylcholine and enhancing cholinergic function. 
it is a colorless watery liquid with a sweet odor. Sinks in water. Produces an irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) Rac-it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-it. It is used as a fumigant to control nematodes in soil and insects in stored grain. It has a role as a fumigant insecticide, an agrochemical, a carcinogenic agent and a polar aprotic solvent. It contains a (R)-it and a (S)-it. 
Heliantriol b2, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Heliantriol b2 exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, heliantriol B2 is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, heliantriol B2 can be found in fruits. This makes heliantriol B2 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an adenosine 5'-phosphate having a sulfo group attached to one the phosphate OH groups. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate, an acyl monophosphate and an acyl sulfate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is the 5alpha-epoxy derivative of alantolactone. Isolated from the root extracts of Inula helenium, it exhibits antimycobacterial activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimycobacterial drug. It is a naphthofuran, a sesquiterpene lactone and an epoxide. It derives from an alantolactone. 
it is the sodium salt form of a benzimidazole with selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, omeprazole is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulfenamide; the active sulfenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. 
it, also known as 1-(isopropyldisulfanyl)butane or 2-methyl-3, 4-dithiaoctane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, butyl isopropyl disulfide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, butyl isopropyl disulfide can be found in garden onion and onion-family vegetables. This makes butyl isopropyl disulfide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweetish odor. Flash point 0Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a solvent in paint and nail polish removers. it is a methyl ketone that consists of propane bearing an oxo group at C2. It has a role as a polar aprotic solvent, a human metabolite and an EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitor. It is a methyl ketone, a ketone body, a volatile organic compound and a member of its. it is a colorless, volatile, flammable organic solvent. it occurs naturally in plants, trees, forest fires, vehicle exhaust and as a breakdown product of animal fat metabolism. This agent may be normally present in very small quantities in urine and blood; larger amounts may be found in the urine and blood of diabetics. it is toxic in high doses. (NCI04) 
2-[2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl]-1,2-dihydro-1,2,4-triazole-3-thione is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1,2,4-triazole-3-thione substituted at position 2 by a 2-(1-chlorocyclopropyl)-3-(2-chlorophenyl)-2-hydroxypropyl group. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of triazoles, a tertiary alcohol, a member of cyclopropanes and a thiocarbonyl compound. 
it is a diastereoisomeric mixture containing sennoside A and sennoside B that is used as a laxative and cathartic. Its components are found in senna (Senna alexandrina, also known as Cassia angustifolia), where sennoside A and sennoside B are present in equal amounts, and in rhubarbs (Rheum rhabarbarum), where sennoside A predominates. It has a role as a laxative and a cathartic. It contains a sennoside A and a sennoside B. Anthraquinone glycosides found in senna plant, usually referring to the it A and B, with laxative activity. it act on and irritate the lining of the intestine wall, thereby causing increased intestinal muscle contractions leading to vigorous bowel movement. 
it, also known as trans-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as terpene lactones. These are prenol lipids containing a lactone ring. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, epiit is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, epiit can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes epiit a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless to straw colored liquid with a penetrating pungent odor. Flash point 55Â°F. Density 7.1 lb / gal. Very toxic by inhalation. May polymerize with the release of heat under exposure to heat or contamination. If polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. it is an enal consisting of propene having a formyl group at the 1-position. 
it, also known as it or N-hexyl mustard oil, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-isothiocyanatohexane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a green and sharp tasting compound that can be found in brassicas. This makes 1-isothiocyanatohexane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is pentadecanoic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 13. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and a saturated fatty acid. 
it is a carboxylic ester that is the 2-(p-hydroxyphenyl)ethyl ester of (3S)-4-formyl-3-(2-oxoethyl)hex-4-enoic acid. it is found in olive oil but it is not clear whether the natural product is a mixture of E/Z isomers or a single isomer as the two isomers readily interconvert in solution; most pharmacological studies will have been performed using a mixture. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer, a nutraceutical, a Hsp90 inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a dialdehyde, a member of phenols, a carboxylic ester and an enal. It derives from a 2-(4-hydroxyphenyl)ethanol. 
Linogliride is a guanidine-based insulin secratogogue and structural analogue of pirogliride with hypoglycemic activity. Linogliride blocks ATP-sensitive potassium channels on the membranes of pancreatic beta cells which stimulates the secretion of insulin and improves glucose tolerance. This agent is associated with CNS toxicity. 
it is an it that is the conjugate base of all-cis-5,8,11,14,17-icosapentaenoic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an all-cis-5,8,11,14,17-icosapentaenoic acid. 
it appears as colorless solid, transparent, colorless crystals. Used as a reagent for alkaloids and as an oxidizing agent. Isotope is used in labeling radiopharmaceuticals. (EPA, 1998) it is a selenium oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenselenite. 
it is a pyrrole carrying an acetyl substituent at the 2-position. It is a member of pyrroles, a methyl ketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it, aqueous solution, with not more than 20% it is a clear colorless aqueous solution of a gas. Has a faint odor of almonds. Can evolve it gas, which is (barely) lighter than air. Flame can flash back to the source of a gas leak very easily. Lethal doses of gas may be inhaled. Lethal doses of cyanide can be absorbed from the solution through the skin. it is a one-carbon compound consisting of a methine group triple bonded to a nitrogen atom It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a poison. It is a hydracid and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a cyanide. It is a tautomer of a hydrogen isocyanide. Hydrogen Cyanide is a highly toxic conjugate acid of a cyanide that is used as a chemical weapon agent. It is characterized as a colorless gas or liquid with a strong pungent odor that causes irritation of the eyes and respiratory tract, as well as toxic systemic effects. 
it is an O-sulfoamino acid consisting of methyl L-tyrosinate in which the hydrogen of the phenolic hydroxy group has been replaced by a sulfo group. It is an O-sulfoamino acid, a methyl ester and a L-tyrosine derivative. It derives from a methyl L-tyrosinate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of monohydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones that is 2-hydroxy-1,4-benzoquinone carrying an additional methyl substituent at position 5. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxido-5-methylquinone. 
it, also known as N-it or ac-glu-OH, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glutamic acid and derivatives. Glutamic acid and derivatives are compounds containing glutamic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of glutamic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as saliva, feces, and urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of bepridil, a calcium antagonist and class IV anti-arrhythmic agent. it blocks calcium entry through membranous calcium channels of coronary and peripheral vascular smooth muscle, thereby dilating coronary arteries and peripheral arterioles. This increases oxygen delivery and reduces oxygen requirements. This drug is used to treat chronic stable and variant angina pectoris. 
it is a 14-membererd macrolide containing seven stereocentres carrying one ethyl, one hydroxy and five methyl substituents. It is the aglycone of the antibiotic narbonomycin and an intermediate in the biosynthesis of pikromycin. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a macrolide and an enone. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the nonstructural protein 3 (NS3), with potential activity against hepatitis C virus (HCV). Upon administration, asunaprevir binds to the active center of the HCV NS3 and prevents NS3 protease-mediated polyprotein maturation. This disrupts the processing of viral proteins required for HCV replication. NS3, a serine protease, is essential for the proteolytic cleavages within the HCV polyprotein and plays a key role during HCV viral RNA replication. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is 24,25,26-trinoroleana-1(10),3,5,7-tetraen-29-oic acid bearing an oxo substituent at position 2, a hydroxy substituent at position 3 and two methyl groups at positions 9 and 13. An antioxidant and anti-inflammatory agent. Potently inhibits lipid peroxidation in mitochondria and inhibits TNF-alpha-induced NFkappaB activation. Also shown to inhibit topoisomerase II activity in vitro (IC50 = 7.41 muM). It has a role as an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory drug, an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a Hsp90 inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is a amidobenzoic acid that consists of benzoic acid bearing an acetamido substituent at position 4. It derives from a 4-aminobenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-acetamidobenzoate. 
, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in alcoholic beverages, cereals and cereal products, and citrus. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aromatic ether in which the ether oxygen links an allyl group to the 4-position of (3-chlorophenyl)acetic acid.A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it was withdrawn from the UK market in 1979 due to concerns with its association with vasculitis and rash. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic and a drug allergen. It is an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is an androstanoid that is the C-17 epimer of testosterone. It has a role as an androgen antagonist and a human metabolite. It is an androstanoid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. 
it is an organoammonium salt obtained by combining equimolar amounts of sulfisoxazole and diethanolamine. It has antibiotic activity against a wide range of gram-negative and gram-positive organisms. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It contains a sulfisoxazole. it is a short-acting sulfonamide antibacterial agent with broad spectrum activity against both gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is dacarbazine in which one of the methyl groups is replaced by a hydrogen. It is the active metabolite of dacarbazine, and is also produced by spontaneous hydrolysis of temozolomide in the body. It has a role as an alkylating agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of imidazoles and a triazene derivative. 
S-2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanyl 3-methylbutanethioate, also known as 2, 5-dimethyl-3-(thioisovaleryl)furan or 3-(isovalerylthio)-2, 5-dimethylfuran, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. S-2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanyl 3-methylbutanethioate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, S-2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanyl 3-methylbutanethioate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). S-2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanyl 3-methylbutanethioate has a roasted taste. 
N-Acetyl-L-methionine, also known as N-ac-L-methionine or hepsan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methionine and derivatives. Methionine and derivatives are compounds containing methionine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of methionine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. N-Acetyl-L-methionine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). N-Acetyl-L-methionine has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. 
it is an organoiodine compound that is tetradecane substituted by an iodo group at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. 
Epiafzelechin 3-gallate is a gallate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of gallic acid with the (3R)-hydroxy group of epiafzelechin. It has a role as a Camellia sinensis metabolite. It is a gallate ester, a polyphenol and a member of flavans. It derives from a (-)-epiafzelechin. 
trans-it, also known as cis-dienelactone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as butenolides. These are dihydrofurans with a carbonyl group at the C2 carbon atom. trans-it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the class of isoindoles that is isoindole-1,3-dione substituted at position 4 by an acetamido group and at position 1 by a 1-(3-ethoxy-4-methoxyphenyl)-2-(methylsulfonyl)ethyl group. Used for treatment of psoriatic arthritis. It has a role as a phosphodiesterase IV inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is an aromatic ether, a N-acetylarylamine, a sulfone and a member of phthalimides. 
it is a triterpene resulting from the migration of a methyl group in ring E of the oleanane precursor. It is a stereoisomer of the triterpene ursane (18alpha,19alpha,20beta-ursane). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as nitrogen mustard compounds. Nitrogen mustard compounds are compounds having two beta-haloalkyl groups bound to a nitrogen atom. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as 3-O-(4-methylgalloyl)epicatechin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as catechin gallates. These are organic compounds containing a gallate moiety glycosidically linked to a catechin. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an oxazolidinone with centrally-acting skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Although the exact mechanism through which it exerts its effect is largely unknown, it might be due to general central nervous system (CNS) depression. it has no direct effect on the contractile mechanisms of striated muscle, the motor end plate, or the nerve fiber. 
it appears as a colorless, odorless, flammable gas. Can cause asphyxiation by the displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
3-(2-methylpiperidin-1-yl)propyl 3,4-dichlorobenzoate is a member of the class of piperidines that is 2-methylpiperidine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 3-[(3,4-dichlorobenzoyl)oxy]propyl group. It is a member of piperidines, a tertiary amino compound, a benzoate ester and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a 3,4-dichlorobenzoic acid. 
4-Ethylbenzene-1, 3-diol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as resorcinols. Resorcinols are compounds containing a resorcinol moiety, which is a benzene ring bearing two hydroxyl groups at positions 1 and 3. 4-Ethylbenzene-1, 3-diol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the maleate salt of methylergonovine, a semi-synthetic ergot alkaloid with vasoconstrictive and uterotonic effects. Methylergonovine stimulates serotoninergic and dopaminergic receptors as well as inhibits the release of endothelial-derived relaxation factor. This results in arterial vasoconstriction and increased uterine smooth muscle contractions. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01570205 (Safety, Tolerability and PK of a Single iv Infusion of 10, 40, and 80 Âµg/kg it Administered to Healthy Volunteers). 
it is a member of the class of naphthalenediols that is 1,2-dihydronaphthalene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 2 respectively. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of dihydronaphthalenes and a member of naphthalenediols. It derives from a naphthalene-1,2-diol. It derives from a hydride of a 1,2-dihydronaphthalene. 
it is a sulfonamide that is 1,3-benzothiazole-2-sulfonamide which is substituted by an ethoxy group at position 6. A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor, it has been used in the treatment of glaucoma, and as a diuretic. It has a role as an EC 4.2.1.1 (carbonic anhydrase) inhibitor, a diuretic and an antiglaucoma drug. It is a member of benzothiazoles and a sulfonamide. it is a sulfonamide and carbonic anhydrase (CA) inhibitor with diuretic and anti-glaucoma activity. In the eye, it inhibits CA, thereby decreasing the secretion of aqueous humor. This may relieve intraocular pressure. Also, this agent prevents reabsorption of bicarbonate and sodium in the proximal convoluted tubule thereby producing a mild diuresis. 
it is a mercurial diuretic. it has been replaced by less toxic non-mercury containing diuretics. ityl is the sodium salt form of it, a mercurial diuretic. it has been replaced by less toxic non-mercury containing diuretics. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of phenylacetic acid and the secodary amino group of (5R,7S,8S)-N-methyl-7-(pyrrolidin-1-yl)-1-oxaspiro[4.5]decan-8-amine. It has a role as a kappa-opioid receptor agonist, an anti-inflammatory agent and a diuretic. It is an oxaspiro compound, a N-alkylpyrrolidine, an organic heterobicyclic compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a heteroglycan consisting of beta-(1->4)-linked D-glucose (G) and D-mannose (M) in a proportion of 5:8. The basic polymeric repeating unit has the pattern: GGMMGMMMMMGGM, with branching through beta-(1->3)- and beta-(1->6)-glucosyl linkages. Acetate groups are present on C-6 every 9-19 units of the main chain. It has a role as a nutraceutical. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid that is 2-methylheptan-4-one substituted by a 4-methylphenyl group at position 6. It has been isolated from Peltophorum dasyrachis. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a ketone and a member of toluenes. 
it is the calcium salt form of glucaric acid, a natural substance found in many fruits and vegetables, with potential anti-cancer property. One of the key processes in which the human body eliminates toxic chemicals as well as hormones (such as estrogen) is by attaching glucuronic acid to them in the liver and then excreting the complex in the bile. When beta-glucuronidase breaks the bond, it prolongs the stay of the hormone or toxic chemical in the body. Elevated beta-glucuronidase activity has been implicated to be associated with an increased risk for hormone-dependent cancers like breast, prostate, and colon cancers. Therefore, supplementing it may suppress the developments of hormone-dependent cancers. 
An alkaloid that occurs in the extract of leaves of wild tomato plants. It has been found to inhibit the growth of various fungi and bacteria. It is used as a precipitating agent for steroids. (From The Merck Index, 11th ed) 
it is a member of the class of benzamides resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4-amino-5-(ethylsulfonyl)-2-methoxybenzoic acid with the primary amino group of 2-(aminomethyl)-1-ethylpyrrolidine. It is a potent, selective dopamine D2 and D3 receptor antagonist. It is an atypical antipsychotic/antischizophrenic agent with limited extrapyrimidal side effects. It has a role as a second generation antipsychotic, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a member of pyrrolidines, an aromatic amine, a sulfone, a member of benzamides and an aromatic amide. 
it is a benzyl ether that consists of acyclouridine bearing a 3-(benzyloxy)benzyl substituent at position 5. It is a primary alcohol, a benzyl ether and a hydroxyether. It derives from a uracil. 
it is a fully synthetic macrocyclic ketone analogue of marine sponge natural products. Inhibits growth phase of microtubules via tubulin-based antimitotic mechanism, which leads to G2/M cell-cycle block, disruption of mitotic spindles, and, ultimately, apoptotic cell death after prolonged mitotic blockage It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a microtubule-destabilising agent. It is a macrocycle, a polyether, a polycyclic ether, a cyclic ketone, a primary amino compound and a cyclic ketal. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is an analogue of halichondrin B, a substance derived from a marine sponge (Lissodendoryx sp.) with antineoplastic activity. it binds to the vinca domain of tubulin and inhibits the polymerization of tubulin and the assembly of microtubules, resulting in inhibition of mitotic spindle assembly, induction of cell cycle arrest at G2/M phase, and, potentially, tumor regression. 
it is a phthalate that is the conjugate base of phthalic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a phthalic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phthalate(2-). 
it is a triglyceride formed by acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol with linolenic acid. It derives from an alpha-linolenic acid. 
it is a small molecule inhibitor of histone methyltransferase with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon intravenous administration, it specifically blocks the activity of the histone lysine-methyltransferase DOT1L, thereby inhibiting the methylation of nucleosomal histone H3 on lysine 79 (H3K79) that is bound to the mixed lineage leukemia (MLL) fusion protein which targets genes and blocks the expression of leukemogenic genes. This eventually leads to an induction of apoptosis in the leukemic cells bearing the MLL gene translocations. DOT1L, a non-SET domain-containing histone methyltransferase, specifically methylates H3K79 and plays a key role in normal cell differentiation and in the development of leukemia with MLL gene rearrangement on chromosome 11 and promotes the expression of leukemia-causing genes. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
(R)c(S)S-it, also known as isoalliin or pcso, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon) (R)c(S)S-it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (R)c(S)S-alliin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (R)c(S)S-alliin can be found in garden onion, garlic, and onion-family vegetables. This makes (R)c(S)S-alliin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a colorless solid. Melting point 44Â°C (111Â°F). Specific gravity 1.046. Vapor heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. May be absorbed through the skin. Used in dyes, and in organic chemical manufacturing. it is an aminotoluene in which the amino substituent is para to the methyl group. 
3-Hydroxyadipic acid 3, 6-lactone, also known as 3-ha-3, 6-la or (5-oxotetrahydrofuran-2-yl)acetic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. 3-Hydroxyadipic acid 3, 6-lactone is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organosulfonic acid that is propane-1-sulfonic acid substituted by an acetylamino group at position 3. It has a role as a neurotransmitter agent, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is an organosulfonic acid and a member of acetamides. 
it is a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid that is 7-deoxycholic acid in which the hydroxy group at position 3 has undergone formal oxidation to the corresponding ketone. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a bile acid, a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid, a 12alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 3-oxo-5beta-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of a 12alpha-hydroxy-3-oxo-5beta-cholan-24-oate. 
it is a lignan that is (-)-matairesinol in which one of the phenolic hydroxy groups has been replaced by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, a lignan, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a (-)-matairesinol. 
it is a macrocycle that is oxyacanthan that is substituted by methoxy groups at positions 6, 6', and 7, methyl groups at positions 2 and 2', and a hydroxy group at the 12' position. It is a macrocycle, a member of isoquinolines, a tertiary amino compound, a member of phenols and a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid. It derives from a hydride of an oxyacanthan. 
it is a hydroxybenzyl alcohol that is phenol substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at C-2. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is an aromatic primary alcohol and a hydroxybenzyl alcohol. It derives from a phenol and a benzyl alcohol. 
it is a phosphonic acid consisting of acetaldehyde with the phospho group at the 2-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a phosphonic acid and an acetaldehyde. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, two L-leucine units, and L-aspartic acid joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-leucine and a L-aspartic acid. 
it as a natural plant alkaloid derivative and anticholinergic that is used to treat mild to moderate nausea, motion sickness, hyperactive bladder and allergic rhinitis. it has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. it is a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. it functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
Pamidronate Disodium is the disodium salt of the synthetic bisphosphonate pamidronate. Although its mechanism of action is not completely understood, pamidronate appears to adsorb to calcium phosphate crystals in bone, blocking their dissolution by inhibiting osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. This agent does not inhibit bone mineralization and formation. 
5-{[2-(iodoacetamido)ethyl]amino}naphthalene-1-sulfonic acid is an aminonaphthalenesulfonic acid fluorophore with a structure consisting of ethylenediamine substituted on the nitrogens with iodoacetyl and 5-sulfonyl-1-naphthyl groups. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. 
it is a simplest member of the class of chromene in which the heterocyclic pyran ring has a double bond between positions 2 and 3. It is a chromene and an organic heterobicyclic compound. It is a tautomer of a 2H-chromene. 
it, also known as -heptyl iso-butyrate or fema 2550, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, heptyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sweet, apple, and apricot tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes heptyl 2-methylpropanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a tripeptide derived from methoxysuccinyl-Ala-Ala-Pro-Ala by conversion of the terminal carboxy group to the corresponding chloromethyl ketone. It has a role as an EC 3.4.21.37 (leukocyte elastase) inhibitor and an EC 3.4.21.64 (peptidase K) inhibitor. It is an alpha-chloroketone, a tripeptide and a methyl ester. It derives from a succinic acid. 
An abundant cytosolic protein that plays a critical role in the structure of multilamellar myelin. it binds to the cytosolic sides of myelin cell membranes and causes a tight adhesion between opposing cell membranes. 
it is an orally available bromide salt form of butylscopolamine, a quaternary ammonium derivative of the alkaloid scopolamine, with anticholinergic property. Upon oral administration, hyoscine butylbromide binds to and blocks muscarinic receptors located on postganglionic parasympathetic nerve endings and on smooth muscle cells. This blocks the activity of acetylcholine (Ach) and causes its antispasmodic effect in the gastrointestinal (GI), urinary, uterine, and biliary tracts. This agent may also facilitate radiologic visualization of the GI tract. 
it is a primary amino compound and a member of guanidines. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an agmatinium(2+). 
it appears as a dark liquid with an aromatic odor. Insoluble in water. Density 0.963 g / cm3. Toxic by skin absorption and inhalation of vapors. Evolves toxic fumes during combustion. Flash point 185Â°F. 
it is a tripeptide composed of two L-glutamic acid and one L-arginine residues joined in sequence. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-arginine. 
it is a labdane diterpenoid in which the labdane skeleton has double bonds at C-12 and C-14 (the former with Z-stereochemistry) and carries a hydroxy group at position C-8. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a labdane diterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a thiamine phosphate. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a thiamine(1+) diphosphate. 
Cyanidin 3-O-rutinoside chloride is a member of the class of anthocyanin chlorides that has cyanidin 3-O-rutinoside as the cationic counterpart. It contains a cyanidin 3-O-rutinoside. 
A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism. 
it is a ribose bisphosphate that consists of D-ribose having two monophosphate groups at the 1- and 5-positions. It derives from a D-ribose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
A specific inhibitor of phosphoserine/threonine protein phosphatase 1 and 2a. It is also a potent tumor promoter. (Thromb Res 1992;67(4):345-54 and Cancer Res 1993;53(2):239-41) 
it is a dibenzoazepine, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as an antidepressant. 
Dimyristoyl phosphatidic acid is a phosphatidic acid in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups are both myristoyl. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,2-dimyrsitoylphosphatidate(2-). 
2-Methyl-1, 3-dithiolane, also known as fema 3705, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dithiolanes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 3-dithiolane ring. 1, 3-dithiolane moiety is a 5-membered saturated aliphatic ring with three carbon atoms, and two sulfur atoms at the 1- and 3- ring positions. 2-Methyl-1, 3-dithiolane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-1, 3-dithiolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Methyl-1, 3-dithiolane has an alliaceous, savory, and smoky taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as terminal alkynes. These are alkynes featuring a carbon substituent on one acetylenic carbon, and a hydrogen on the other carbon. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the phenolic group of 3,5-dimethyl-4-(methylsulfinyl)phenol with the carboxy group of methylcarbamic acid. It is a metabolite of the pesticide methiocarb. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a sulfoxide and a carbamate ester. 
ite is the parent compound of the citrulline class consisting of ornithine having a carbamoyl group at the N(5)-position. It has a role as a hapten and a Daphnia magna metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a citrullinate. 
it is an alkene that is dec-1-ene substituted by a methyl group at position 5. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 11,12-dihydro-2H,6H,10H-dipyrano[2,3-f:2',3'-h]chromen-2-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 12, methyl groups at positions 6, 6, 10 and 11 and a propyl group at position 4 (the 10S,11R,12S stereoisomer). Isolated from Calophyllum lanigerum var austrocoriaceum and Calophyllum brasiliense, it exhibits potent activity against HIV-1 reverse transcriptase. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a delta-lactone, a cyclic ether, a secondary alcohol and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is a methyl ketone that is pent-1-ene substituted by an oxo group at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and an olefinic compound. 
Retinol is a retinoid consisting of 3,7-dimethylnona-2,4,6,8-tetraen-1-ol substituted at position 9 by a 2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-1-en-1-yl group (geometry of the four exocyclic double bonds is not specified). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and a retinoid. 
S-(5-acetamido-2-hydroxyphenyl)-N-acetyl-L-cysteine is an S-substituted N-acetyl-L-cysteine in which the S-substitutuent is specified as 5-acetamido-2-hydroxyphenyl. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a member of acetamides, an organic sulfide, a member of phenols and a S-substituted N-acetyl-L-cysteine. It derives from a paracetamol. It is a conjugate acid of a S-(5-acetamido-2-hydroxyphenyl)-N-acetyl-L-cysteinate. 
Chetomin is an organic heteropentacyclic compound of the class of epipolythiodioxopiperazine. Isolated from Chaetomium globosum and Farrowia seminuda, it exhibits immunosuppressive activity. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent and a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a member of indoles, an organic disulfide and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 
N-(2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl)-2-chloroacetamide is an aromatic amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of chloroacetic acid with the amnio group of 2-ethyl-6-methylaniline. It is an aromatic amide and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a chloroacetic acid. 
it is the methylbromide salt of homatropine, a synthetic tertiary amine alkaloid with antimuscarinic properties. Homatropine methylbromide, a competitive inhibitor of acetylcholine at the muscarinic receptor, blocks parasympathetic nerve stimulation, thereby inhibiting pepsin and gastrin secretion. When administered in high doses, this drug produces inhibitory effects on acetylcholine activity, specifically on smooth muscle located in the gastrointestinal, biliary, and genitourinary tracts, resulting in an anti-spasmodic effect. 
it is a member of the class of phthalazines that is phthalazine in which the hydrogens at positions 1 and 4have been replaced by a p-chlorophenylamino group and a pyridin-4-ylmethyl group, respectively. It is a multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor for all isoforms of VEGFR, PDGFR and c-Kit. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor, an angiogenesis inhibitor and a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of phthalazines, a member of pyridines, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a secondary amino compound. it is an orally bioavailable anilinophthalazine with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the protein kinase domain of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors 1 and 2; both receptor tyrosine kinases are involved in angiogenesis. This agent also binds to and inhibits related receptor tyrosine kinases, including platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) receptor, c-Kit, and c-Fms. 
Didymin, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid-7-o-glycosides. These are phenolic compounds containing a flavonoid moiety which is O-glycosidically linked to carbohydrate moiety at the C7-position. Didymin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, didymin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, didymin can be found in a number of food items such as grapefruit, tea, mandarin orange (clementine, tangerine), and grapefruit/pummelo hybrid. This makes didymin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A decapeptide that stimulates the synthesis and secretion of both pituitary gonadotropins, LUTEINIZING HORMONE and FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE. GnRH is produced by neurons in the septum PREOPTIC AREA of the HYPOTHALAMUS and released into the pituitary portal blood, leading to stimulation of GONADOTROPHS in the ANTERIOR PITUITARY GLAND. 
it is a D-alpha-amino acid that is 6-chlorotryptophan in which the chiral centre has D- (R-) configuration. It is a D-tryptophan derivative, a 6-chlorotryptophan and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is 1-[3-(Piperidin-1-yl)propyl]-1,3-dihydro-2H-benzimidazol-2-one in which the 4-position of the piperidine ring is substituted by a 5-chloro-1,3-dihydro-2H-benzimidazol-2-on-1-yl group. A dopamine antagonist, it is used as an antiemetic for the short-term treatment of nausea and vomiting, and to control gastrointestinal effects of dopaminergic drugs given in the management of parkinsonism. The free base is used in oral suspensions, while the maleate salt is used in tablet preparations. It has a role as an antiemetic and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a member of benzimidazoles and a heteroarylpiperidine. it is a peripheral-specific antagonist of the dopamine receptor D2 (D2R), with antiemetic, gastrokinetic and galactagogue activities. Following administration, it binds to D2R expressed by peripheral neurons; this inhibits dopamine binding and D2R-mediated signaling. Inhibition of peripheral D2R signaling prevents or relieves various gastrointestinal (GI) symptoms, such as nausea and vomiting, and may help relief reflux and symptoms of a variety of other upper GI disorders. 
it is a member of benzodioxoles, an aromatic ether, a gamma-lactone, a member of benzyl alcohols and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a gamma-butyrolactone. 
Pacatal is a phenothiazine derivative in which 10H-phenothiazine has an N-methylpiperidin-4-ylmethyl substituent at the N-10 position. It has a role as a sedative and an antiemetic. It is a member of phenothiazines and a member of piperidines. It derives from a hydride of a 10H-phenothiazine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Flash point between 70-140Â°F. Corrosive to skin and eyes and may be toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
Homatropine methylbromide is an organic bromide salt and an azabicycloalkane. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, an anti-ulcer drug and an antispasmodic drug. Homatropine Methylbromide is the methylbromide salt of homatropine, a synthetic tertiary amine alkaloid with antimuscarinic properties. Homatropine methylbromide, a competitive inhibitor of acetylcholine at the muscarinic receptor, blocks parasympathetic nerve stimulation, thereby inhibiting pepsin and gastrin secretion. When administered in high doses, this drug produces inhibitory effects on acetylcholine activity, specifically on smooth muscle located in the gastrointestinal, biliary, and genitourinary tracts, resulting in an anti-spasmodic effect. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid obtained by substitution of one of the methylene hydrogens of malonic acid by an ethyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an ethylmalonate and an ethylmalonate(2-). 
Clevudine is a synthetic pyrimidine analogue with activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV). Intracellularly, clevudine is phosphorylated to its active metabolites, clevudine monophosphate and triphosphate. The triphosphate metabolite competes with thymidine for incorporation into viral DNA, thereby causing DNA chain termination and inhibiting the function of HBV DNA polymerase (reverse transcriptase). Clevudine has a long half-life and shows significant reduction of covalently closed circular DNA (cccDNA), therefore the patient is less likely to have a relapse after treatment is discontinued. 
it is the simplest member of the class of neoflavones that is coumarin substituted by a phenyl group at position 4. 
it is the organophosphate oxoanion of overall charge -4 being the major microspecies of undecaprenyldiphospho-N-acetyl-(N-acetylglucosaminyl)muramoyl-L-alanyl-D-gamma-glutamyl-meso-2,6-diaminopimeloyl-D-alanyl-D-alanine present at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an undecaprenyldiphospho-N-acetyl-(N-acetylglucosaminyl)muramoyl-L-alanyl-D-gamma-glutamyl-meso-2,6-diaminopimeloyl-D-alanyl-D-alanine. 
it is a 2-hydroxy carboxylic acid that is mandelic acid bearing a phenolic hydroxy substituent at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy carboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a mandelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxymandelate. 
it is a bicyclic macrolide natural product consisting of a 16-membered bicyclic lactone attached to the rare 2-thiazolidinone moiety. It is obtained from the Red Sea sponge Latrunculia magnifica and from the Fiji Islands sponge Cacospongia mycofijiensis. it inhibits actin polymerisation, microfilament organsation and microfilament-mediated processes. It has a role as a toxin, a metabolite and an actin polymerisation inhibitor. It is a cyclic hemiketal, an oxabicycloalkane, a thiazolidinone and a macrolide. 
it is the N(6)-(1,2-dicarboxyethyl) derivative of adenosine 5'-monophosphate. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It derives from a succinic acid and an adenosine 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a N(6)-(1,2-dicarboxylatoethyl)-AMP(4-). 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 14:0 in which both acyl groups are specified as heptanoyl. It has a role as a detergent. It derives from a heptanoic acid. 
it is a fluorinated steroid, a glucocorticoid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. 
()-Glycerol 1, 2-diacetate, also known as 1, 2-diacylglycerol or 1, 2-diacetin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2-diacylglycerols. These are diacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at positions 1 and 2 ()-Glycerol 1, 2-diacetate is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ()-glycerol 1, 2-diacetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm ()-Glycerol 1, 2-diacetate exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, ()-glycerol 1, 2-diacetate is involved in the lamivudine metabolism pathway and the inositol metabolism pathway. 
it appears as a colorless, slightly viscous liquid with a mild pleasant odor. Flash point near 190Â°F. Used to make soaps, dyes, and other chemicals. it is a primary alcohol that is ethanol substituted by a 2-ethoxyethoxy group at position 2. It has a role as a protic solvent. It is a diether, a primary alcohol and a hydroxypolyether. It derives from a diethylene glycol. 
1,2,3-trilinoleoylglycerol is a triglyceride formed by acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol with linoleic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a triglyceride, a TG(18:2/18:2/18:2) and a linoleoyl containing 1,2,3-triacyl-sn-glycerol. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
it is a member of the class of pyridopyrimidines that is 2-{[5-(piperazin-1-yl)pyridin-2-yl]amino}pyrido[2,3-d]pyrimidin-7-one bearing additional methyl, acetyl and cyclopentyl substituents at positions 5, 6 and 8 respectively. It is used in combination with letrozole for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a pyridopyrimidine, an aminopyridine, a secondary amino compound, a member of piperidines, an aromatic ketone, a member of cyclopentanes and a tertiary amino compound. it is an orally available cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits cyclin-dependent kinase 4 (CDK4) and 6 (CDK6), thereby inhibiting retinoblastoma (Rb) protein phosphorylation early in the G1 phase leading to cell cycle arrest. This suppresses DNA replication and decreases tumor cell proliferation. CDK4 and 6 are serine/threonine kinases that are upregulated in many tumor cell types and play a key role in the regulation of cell cycle progression. 
it appears as odorless white or pale buff microcrystalline powder. Used as a cardiotonic drug. (EPA, 1998) it is a cardenolide glycoside in which the 3beta-hydroxy group of digitoxigenin carries a 2,6-dideoxy-beta-D-ribo-hexopyranosyl-(1->4)-2,6-dideoxy-beta-D-ribo-hexopyranosyl-(1->4)-2,6-dideoxy-beta-D-ribo-hexopyranosyl trisaccharide chain. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It derives from a digitoxigenin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a lipid soluble cardiac glycoside that inhibits the plasma membrane sodium potassium ATPase, leading to increased intracellular sodium and calcium levels and decreased intracellular potassium levels. In studies increased intracellular calcium precedes cell death and decreased intracellular potassium increase caspase activation and DNA fragmentation, causing apoptosis and inhibition of cancer cell growth. (NCI) 
it is an arenesulfonate arising from deprotonation of the sulfo groups of 4,4'-bis({4-anilino-6-[bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl}amino)stilbene-2,2'-disulfonic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 4,4'-bis({4-anilino-6-[bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl}amino)stilbene-2,2'-disulfonic acid. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. 
it is an imidazoquinoxaline that is 3H-imidazo[4,5-f]quinoxaline substituted at positions 3 and 8 by methyl groups and at position 2 by a hydroxyamino group. The active metabolite of the dietary carcinogen MeIQx. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite, a mutagen, a carcinogenic agent, a genotoxin and a rat metabolite. It is an imidazoquinoxaline and a hydroxylamine. It derives from a MeIQx. 
it is a member of the class of cyclohexenones that is cyclohex-2-en-1-one in which the hydrogens at position 4 have been replaced by a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl and a 2-[(methoxycarbonyl)(methyl)amino]ethyl group. The compound has been used in enantioselective syntheses of Scleretium alkaloids. It is a carbamate ester, an enone, an aromatic ether and a member of cyclohexenones. 
it is a it where both glycerol moieties are attached at primary positions. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin that exhibits antitumor activity. it inhibits DNA synthesis by forming a complex with topoisomerase II and DNA. This complex induces breaks in double stranded DNA and prevents repair by topoisomerase II binding. Accumulated breaks in DNA prevent cells from entering into the mitotic phase of the cell cycle, and lead to cell death. it acts primarily in the G2 and S phases of the cycle. it is a semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin with antineoplastic activity. it forms a ternary complex with the enzyme topoisomerase II and DNA, resulting in dose-dependent single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA, DNA: protein cross-links, inhibition of DNA strand religation, and cytotoxicity. This agent acts in the late S or early G phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is a proanthocyanidin consisting of two molecules of (-)-epicatechin joined by a bond between positions 4 and 8' in a beta-configuration. it can be found in Cinchona pubescens (Chinchona, in the rind, bark and cortex), in Cinnamomum verum (Ceylon cinnamon, in the rind, bark and cortex), in Crataegus monogyna (Common hawthorn, in the flower and blossom), in Uncaria guianensis (Cat's claw, in the root), in Vitis vinifera (Common grape vine, in the leaf), in Litchi chinensis (litchi, in the pericarp), in the apple, in Ecdysanthera utilis and in red wine. It has a role as a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a hydroxyflavan, a proanthocyanidin, a biflavonoid and a polyphenol. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin. 
it is an oily liquid with an amber color and an odor of sulfur. Used as an agricultural insecticide. (EPA, 1998) 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is ent-abieta-2(3),13(15)-diene-16,12-olide substituted by a 1beta-acetoxy group and a beta-epoxy group across positions 8 and 14. Isolated from the leaves of Gelonium aequoreum, it exhibits moderate cytotoxicity against lung (A549), breast (MDAMB-231 and MCF7), and liver (HepG2) cancer cell lines. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an abietane diterpenoid, an acetate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an epoxide and a gamma-lactone. 
Nitrogen mustard analog of quinacrine used primarily as a stain in the studies of chromosomes and chromatin. Fluoresces by reaction with nucleic acids in chromosomes. 
it is an N-alkylpyrrolidine that is nicotine in which the methylene hydrogens at position 2 on the pyrrolidine ring have been replaced by an oxo group and the pyridine nitrogen converted into the corresponding N-oxide. A minor metabolite of nicotine. It has a role as a drug metabolite, a human urinary metabolite, a rat metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones and a member of pyridine N-oxides. It derives from a nicotine. 
it is an erythromycin derivative that is erythromycin A in which the hydrogen attached to the carbon at position 8 (alpha to the ketone carbonyl group) has been replaced by a fluorine. It has been used (generally as the corresponding monoethyl succinate ester) as an antibacterial drug. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is an erythromycin derivative, an organofluorine compound, a cyclic ketone and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from an erythromycin A. 
Tolvaptan is used to treat low blood sodium levels (hyponatremia) associated with various conditions like congestive heart failure, cirrhosis, and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormones (SIADH). FDA approved on May 19, 2009. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-alanine, L-valine, L-aspartic acid, and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine, a L-valine, a L-aspartic acid and a L-serine. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-asparagine units. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine. 
it is a hexachlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which both of the phenyl rings are substituted at positons 2, 4, and 6 by chlorines. It is a hexachlorobiphenyl and a trichlorobenzene. 
it is a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide having having adenine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an adenyl ribonucleotide and a 3',5'-cyclic purine nucleotide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a second messenger molecule comprised of an adenine ribonucleotide bearing a phosphate group bound to the oxygen molecules at the 3' and 5' positions of the sugar moiety. it, which is synthesized from ATP by the intracellular enzyme adenylate cyclase, modulates the activity of several hormone-dependent signal transduction pathways. 
3-(3, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-N-[2-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)ethyl]propanimidic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyldopamines. These are aromatic heterocyclic compounds containing a dopamine, in which the amine group is acylated. 3-(3, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-N-[2-(3, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)ethyl]propanimidic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, [radioactive material, low specific activity] is a white powder. Density 9.7 g / cm3. Not soluble in water. Used in high-temperature ceramics, gas mantles, nuclear fuel, flame spraying, crucibles, non-silicia optical glass, catalysis, filaments in incandescent lamps, cathodes in electron tubes and arc-melting electrodes. it is a radioactive crystalline solid compound used in a broad range of industrial applications. it was utilized as a radiographic contrast agent; however, it is no longer considered safe for use in human patients because it was found to be a carcinogen that can cause cholangiocarcinoma. 
it is a derivative of uridine, bearing an additional carboxymethoxy substituent at position 5 on the uracil ring. It is a member of uridines and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myelofibrosis, Polycythemia Vera, Primary Myelofibrosis, Thrombocythemia, Essential, and Myeloproliferative Disorders, among others. it is an orally bioavailable imidazopyridazine and inhibitor of Janus kinase 2 mutant V617F (JAK2V617F), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, gandotinib selectively and competitively inhibits the activation of JAK2V617F, which may result in the inhibition of the JAK-STAT signaling pathway and the induction of apoptosis in JAK2V617F-expressing tumor cells. JAK2V617F has a substitution of phenylalanine for valine at amino acid position 617 and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation and survival. 
it is a retinal which contains an additional double bond between the 3 and 4 positions of the six-membered ring, and in which all of the double bonds in the side chain have the E-configuration. 
Methacetin is a member of the class of acetamides that is paracetamol in which the hydrogen of phenolic hydroxy group has been replaced by a methyl group. It is a member of acetamides and an aromatic ether. It derives from a p-anisidine and a paracetamol. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of puromycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces alboniger. Acting as an analog of the 3' terminal end of aminoacyl-tRNA, puromycin incorporates itself into a growing polypeptide chain and causes its premature termination, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis. This agent has antimicrobial, antitrypanosomal, and antineoplastic properties; it is used as an antibiotic in cell culture. 
it is an N-acylurea that is urea in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a 3,6-difluorobenzoyl group, while a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen has been replaced by a 4-chloro-3-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenyl group. It is used to control ticks in cattle. It has a role as a mite growth regulator and an acaricide. It is an organofluorine acaricide, an organochlorine acaricide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a N-acylurea, a chloropyridine, an aromatic ether and a member of phenylureas. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water. Irritating and narcotic in high concentrations. Used as a solvent and for making other chemicals and dyes. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate compound having 5'-xanthosyl residues at the P(1)- and P(4)-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-tetraphosphate and a xanthosine 5'-phosphate. 
Ornithine is an alpha-amino acid that is pentanoic acid bearing two amino substituents at positions 2 and 5. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, an algal metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an ornithinium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of an ornithinate. 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-methionine, L-alanine, and L-methionine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It derives from a L-alanine and a L-methionine. 
it is an aldehyde that is acetaldehyde in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 2,2,3-trimethylcyclopent-3-en-1-yl group. It is a constituent of the essential oil extracted from Angasomyrtus salina. It has a role as a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is a monocyclic compound and an alpha-CH2-containing aldehyde. It derives from an acetaldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a cyclopentene. 
(-)-Valeranone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units (-)-Valeranone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (-)-valeranone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (-)-valeranone can be found in common sage. This makes (-)-valeranone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is the conjugate base of estrone 3-sulfate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an estrone 3-sulfate. 
it is a C22 hydroxy fatty acid with the hydroxy group at the 13-position and intermediate in the synthesis of sophorosyloxydocosanoate; a yeast glycolipid with potential medical and chemical engineering applications. It is a hydroxy fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a docosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 13-hydroxydocosanoate. 
it is a 20-carbon dicarboxylic acid which is a diterpenoid and natural carotenoid. Found in the crocus flower, it has been administered as an anti-fatigue dietary supplement. It has a role as a nutraceutical, a metabolite and an antioxidant. It is a carotenoic acid, a diterpenoid and a polyunsaturated dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a maleate salt obtained by reaction of paroxetine with one equivalent of maleic acid. Highly potent and selective 5-HT uptake inhibitor that binds with high affinity to the serotonin transporter (Ki = 0.05 nM). Ki values are 1.1, 350 and 1100 nM for inhibition of [3H]-5-HT, [3H]-l-NA and [3H]-DA uptake respectively. Displays minimal affinity for alpha1-, alpha2- or beta-adrenoceptors, 5-HT2A, 5-HT1A, D2 or H1 receptors at concentrations below 1000 nM, however displays weak affinity for muscarinic ACh receptors (Ki = 42 nM). Antidepressant and anxiolytic in vivo. It has a role as an antidepressant, an anxiolytic drug, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent and a P450 inhibitor. It contains a paroxetinium(1+). 
2,4-dinitro-1-thiocyanatobenzene is a thiocyanate compound having a 2,4-dinitrophenyl group attached to the sulfur atom. It has a role as a hapten and a tolerogen. It is a member of thiocyanates and a C-nitro compound. 
it is the tartrate salt form of ketanserin, a selective serotonin receptor antagonist with weak adrenergic receptor blocking properties. Ketanserin is effective in lowering blood pressure in essential hypertension. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. It is well tolerated and is particularly effective in older patients. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a conjugated linolenic acid having three double bonds located at positions 8, 10 and 12 (the 8E,10E,12Z-geoisomer) It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an omega-6 fatty acid and a conjugated linolenic acid. 
it is trianion of prenyl diphosphate arising from deprotonation of the three diphosphate OH groups. It has a role as an epitope, a phosphoantigen, a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a prenyl diphosphate. 
A kappa opioid receptor agonist. The compound has analgesic action and shows positive inotropic effects on the electrically stimulated left atrium. It also affects various types of behavior in mammals such as locomotion, rearing, and grooming. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a pregnenolone. 
Precorrin-2 is the second intermediate in the biosynthesis of vitamin B12 from uroporphyrinogen III, in which methyl groups have been introduced at positions 2 and 7 of the tetrapyrrole framework. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a precorrin and a member of isobacteriochlorins. It is a conjugate acid of a precorrin-2(7-). 
Vancomycin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of vancomycin, a branched tricyclic glycosylated peptide with bactericidal activity against most organisms and bacteriostatic effect on enterococci. At a site different from that of penicillins and cephalosporins, vancomycin binds tightly to the D-alanyl-D-alanine portion of cell wall precursors, thereby interfering with bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to activation of bacterial autolysins that destroy the cell wall by lysis. Vancomycin may also alter the permeability of bacterial cytoplasmic membranes and may selectively inhibit RNA synthesis. 
Nitrocresols are yellow-colored crystals. They are slightly soluble in water and weigh more than water. Contact with the material may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. They are toxic by ingestion or skin contact. They are used to make other chemicals. 
it, also known as pnala, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides. Fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides are compounds composed of a mono- or disaccharide moiety linked to one hydroxyl group of a fatty alcohol or of a phosphorylated alcohol (phosphoprenols), a hydroxy fatty acid or to one carboxyl group of a fatty acid (ester linkage) or to an amino alcohol. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-amino acid that is N-acetyl-alpha-D-galactosamine linked via an alpha glycosidic bond to the O at position 3 of L-serine. It is a L-serine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is an aliphatic alcohol that is octane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aliphatic alcohol and an octanol. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2. it is a thiazolidinedione derivative with antihyperglycemic activity. it exerts partial peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) gamma agonistic activity and appears to be associated with fewer side effects as compared to full PPAR gamma agonists. 
it is a diterpene consisting of taxane having two C=C double bonds at the 4(5)- and 11(12)-positions. It derives from a hydride of a taxane. 
it is a butanediol in which hydroxylation is at C-2 and C-3. It is a butanediol, a glycol and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a second-generation cephamycin antibiotic having [(1-methyl-1H-tetrazol-5-yl)sulfanyl]methyl and 2-{[(2S)-2-amino-2-carboxyethyl]sulfanyl}acetamido side-groups located respectively at positions 3 and 7beta of the cephem nucleus. A broad-spectrum bactericide, it is especially effective against Gram-negative and anaerobic bacteria. It is a cephamycin and a member of tetrazoles. it is a semisynthetic, second-generation, beta-lactamase-stable cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a meroterpenoid that is 4,4,7,8a-tetramethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,8a-octahydronaphthalene substituted by a (3E)-5-(5-carboxy-2-hydroxyphenyl)-3-methylpent-3-en-1-yl moiety at position 8. It is isolated from the marine sponge Acanthodendrilla and exhibits inhibitory activity against the enzyme mitogen-activated protein kinase-activated protein kinase 2 (EC 2.7.11.1). It has a role as a metabolite, a protein kinase inhibitor and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a meroterpenoid, a carbobicyclic compound, a monohydroxybenzoic acid and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
2&#39;,3&#39;-it appears as fluffy white solid or powder. Condenses at 347Â°F and darkens at approximately 572Â°F. Odorless. (NTP, 1992) it is a purine 2',3'-dideoxyribonucleoside that is inosine in which the hydroxy groups at both the 2' and the 3' positions on the sugar moiety have been replaced by hydrogen. An antiviral drug, it is used as a medication to treat HIV/AIDS. It has a role as an antimetabolite, a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor, an antiviral drug and an EC 2.4.2.1 (purine-nucleoside phosphorylase) inhibitor. 
it is azobenzene carrying a single sulfonate substituent at the para-position. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a member of azobenzenes. It is a conjugate acid of a p-azobenzenesulfonate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylbutylamines. Phenylbutylamines are compounds containing a phenylbutylamine moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted at the fourth carbon by an butan-1-amine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid diamide comprising suberic (octanedioic) acid coupled to aniline and 1,2-diaminobenzene. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It derives from a suberic acid. 
it is a phenylpyruvic acid derivative having an iodo substituent at the 3-position and a hydroxy substituent at positions 4. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-3-iodophenylpyruvate. 
it is an organofluorine compound that is adenine in which the hydrogen at position 2 (the carbon between the two nitrogens of the pyrimidine ring) is replaced by a fluorine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is an organofluorine compound and a member of purines. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of hydralazine; a direct-acting vasodilator that is used as an antihypertensive agent. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an antihypertensive agent. It contains a hydralazine. it is the hydrochloride salt of hydralazine, a phthalazine derivative with antihypertensive and potential antineoplastic activities. Hydralazine alters intracellular calcium release and interferes with smooth muscle cell calcium influx, resulting in arterial vasodilatation. This agent also inhibits the phosphorylation of myosin protein and chelation of trace metals required for smooth muscle contraction, resulting in an increase in heart rate, stroke volume and cardiac output. In addition to its cardiovascular effects, hydralazine inhibits DNA methyltransferase, which may result in inhibition of DNA methylation in tumor cells. 
it is the N(5)-[(S)-1-carboxyethyl] derivative of L-ornithine. It is a L-ornithine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a tautomer of a it dizwitterion. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid methyl esters. Fatty acid methyl esters are compounds containing a fatty acid that is esterified with a methyl group. They have the general structure RC(=O)OR', where R=fatty aliphatic tail or organyl group and R'=methyl group it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa) it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm it has a fruity taste. 
[2,8-bis(trifluoromethyl)quinolin-4-yl]-(2-piperidyl)methanol is an organofluorine compound that consists of quinoline bearing trifluoromethyl substituents at positions 2 and 8 as well as a (2-piperidinyl)hydroxymethyl substituent at position 4. It is an organofluorine compound, a member of piperidines, a member of quinolines and a secondary alcohol. it is a quinolinemethanol derivative with antimalarial, anti-inflammatory, and potential chemosensitization and radiosensitization activities. Although the exact mechanism remains to be elucidated, mefloquine, a weak base, preferentially accumulates in lysosomes and disrupts lysosomal function and integrity, thereby leading to host cell death. Similar to chloroquine, the chemosensitizing and radiosensitizing activities of this agent may be related to its inhibition of autophagocytosis, a cellular mechanism involving lysosomal degradation that minimizes the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) related to tumor reoxygenation and tumor exposure to chemotherapeutic agents and radiation. Compared to chloroquine, mefloquine has better blood-brain-barrier (BBB) penetration. 
it is a dipeptide composed of glycine and L-histidine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glycine and a L-histidine. 
it is an acyl-CoA(4-) that is the tetraanion of it, arising from deprotonation of phosphate and diphosphate functions. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a saturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-) and a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of an it. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylbenzo-1, 4-dioxanes. These are benzo-1, 3-dioxanes having a phenyl group attached to the 1, 4-dioxane moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and green vegetables. This makes it potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
The D-enantiomer is a potent and specific antagonist of NMDA glutamate receptors (RECEPTORS, N-METHYL-D-ASPARTATE). The L form is inactive at NMDA receptors but may affect the AP4 (2-amino-4-phosphonobutyrate; APB) excitatory amino acid receptors. 
it is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the two free amino groups of 2-deoxystreptamine; major species at pH 7.3. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-deoxystreptamine(1+). 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain hydroxy acids and derivatives. These are hydroxy acids with a 6 to 12 carbon atoms long side chain. Thus, is considered to be a fatty acid lipid molecule. is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Dibenzothiazol-2-yl disulfide is an organic disulfide resulting from the formal oxidative coupling of the thiol groups of two molecules of 1,3-benzothiazole-2-thiol. It is used as an accelerator in the rubber industry. It has a role as an allergen. It is an organic disulfide and a member of benzothiazoles. It derives from a 1,3-benzothiazole-2-thiol. 
it is the citrate salt of the radioisotope gallium Ga 67. Although the mechanism is unknown, gallium Ga 67 concentrates in lysosomes and is bound to a soluble intracellular protein in certain viable primary and metastatic tumors and focal sites of inflammation, allowing scintigraphic localization. Ga-67 scintigraphy (GS) cannot differentiate between tumor and acute inflammation. 
it is an extended flavonoid that is 6,7-methylenedioxyflavanone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5 and 2' respectively. It is a dimethoxyflavanone, an extended flavonoid and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 
it is an enone that is hept-1-ene substituted by an oxo group at position 3. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. 
it is a hopanoid that is hopane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 22. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hopanoid, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 
2, 5-Dimethylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. 2, 5-Dimethylthiazole is slightly soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 5-Dimethylthiazole is a nutty and roasted tasting compound that can be found in cereals and cereal products, nuts, and tea. This makes 2, 5-dimethylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a symmetrical dimeric bis-naphthalimide compound and a topoisomerase II inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. it contains two neutral chromophores joined by a cationic linker and is capable of bis-intercalation at the TpG and CpA steps of the DNA hexanucleotide. Intercalation inhibits topoisomerase II activity and causing DNA stand breakage, thereby leads to inhibition of DNA, RNA, and protein synthesis. 
it is a potassium salt that is the dipotassium salt of carbonic acid. It has a role as a catalyst, a fertilizer and a flame retardant. It is a carbonate salt and a potassium salt. 
it is a peptide anion that is the conjugate base of L-alanyl-L-glutamic acid, arising from deprotonation of the the two carboxy groups and protonation of the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. 
it is d-glycero-D-manno-heptose in which the hydrogens of the hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 7 are substituted by dihydrogen phosphate groups. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is an amphipathic bisbiguanide with a structure consisting of two (2-ethylhexyl)guanide units linked by a hexamethylene bridge. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. 
it is a beta-hydroxy ketone that is 5-hydroxydecan-3-one substituted by a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl moiety at position 1; believed to inhibit adipogenesis. It is a constituent of fresh ginger. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a beta-hydroxy ketone and a member of guaiacols. 
Trisodium phosphonoformate is the trisodium salt of phosphonoformic acid. It is used as an antiviral agent in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV retinitis, an inflamation of the retina that can lead to blindness) and as an alternative to ganciclovir for AIDS patients who require concurrent antiretroviral therapy but are unable to tolerate ganciclovir due to haematological toxicity. It has a role as an antiviral drug. It is an organic sodium salt and a one-carbon compound. It contains a phosphonatoformate. it is the trisodium salt of a synthetic organic analogue of inorganic pyrophosphate with antiviral activity. Foscarnet selectively blocks the pyrophosphate binding site of herpesvirus-specific DNA polymerases at concentrations that do not affect cellular DNA polymerases. This agent does not require phosphorylation by thymidine kinase (TK) or other kinases and therefore is active in vitro against herpes simplex virus (HSV) TK deficient mutants and cytomegalovirus (CMV) UL97 mutants. Because foscarnet crosses the blood brain barrier, it may be used in the treatment of viral infections of the CNS. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
5-Dodecyldihydro-2(3H)-furanone, also known as 4-dodecyl-g-butyrolactone or 4-hexadecanolide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. 5-Dodecyldihydro-2(3H)-furanone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 5-dodecyldihydro-2(3H)-furanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-dodecyldihydro-2(3H)-furanone can be found in fruits, parsnip, and root vegetables. This makes 5-dodecyldihydro-2(3H)-furanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is propanamide substituted by a benzyl and an isopropyl group at the nitrogen atom and two methyl groups at position 2. It is an agrochemical used as a herbicide. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a herbicide and an agrochemical. 
it is a member of methylpyridines and a pyridone. It derives from a nicotinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methoxy-1-methyl-2-oxo-1,2-dihydropyridine-3-carboxylate. 
it is a phenylurea that is urea substituted by 4-chlorophenyl and 4-chloro-3-trifluoromethylphenyl groups at positions 1 and 3 respectively. It is often used in deodarants and soaps on account of its anbacterial properties. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It is a member of phenylureas and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It contains a trifluoromethyl group. it is a synthetic, carbanilide compound with antiseptic activity. it is used as disinfectant and is found in antimicrobial soaps and deodorants. 
it, also known as seesorb 202 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is a 20-oxo steroid that is the cyclic ketal resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy groups of algestone with acetophenone. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 20-oxo steroid and a cyclic ketal. It derives from an algestone. 
it is a synthetic pyrimidine analogue with activity against hepatitis B virus (HBV). Intracellularly, it is phosphorylated to its active metabolites, it monophosphate and triphosphate. The triphosphate metabolite competes with thymidine for incorporation into viral DNA, thereby causing DNA chain termination and inhibiting the function of HBV DNA polymerase (reverse transcriptase). it has a long half-life and shows significant reduction of covalently closed circular DNA (cccDNA), therefore the patient is less likely to have a relapse after treatment is discontinued. 
N-(N-(N(2)-(N-(N-(N-(N-D-Alanyl L-seryl)-L-threonyl)-L-threonyl) L-threonyl)-L-asparaginyl)-L-tyrosyl) L-threonine. Octapeptide sharing sequence homology with HIV envelope protein gp120. It is potentially useful as antiviral agent in AIDS therapy. The core pentapeptide sequence, TTNYT, consisting of amino acids 4-8 in peptide T, is the HIV envelope sequence required for attachment to the CD4 receptor. 
it is a naphthol in which the hydroxy substituent is at C-1 with nitro groups at C-2 and -4. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of naphthols. 
it is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is isovaleric acid substituted at position 3 by a hydroxy group. Used as indicator of biotin deficiency. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid and an isovaleric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxyisovalerate. 
it is a pyridazinone and a member of benzimidazoles. It has a role as a cardiotonic drug, a vasodilator agent and an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor. 
An anti-inflammatory, synthetic glucocorticoid. It is used topically as an anti-inflammatory agent and in aerosol form for the treatment of ASTHMA. 
Paclitaxel is an antineoplastic agent which acts by inhibitor of cellular mitosis and which currently plays a central role in the therapy of ovarian, breast, and lung cancer. Therapy with paclitaxel has been associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations, but has not been clearly linked to cases of clinically apparent acute liver injury. Paclitaxel is a compound extracted from the Pacific yew tree Taxus brevifolia with antineoplastic activity. Paclitaxel binds to tubulin and inhibits the disassembly of microtubules, thereby resulting in the inhibition of cell division. This agent also induces apoptosis by binding to and blocking the function of the apoptosis inhibitor protein Bcl-2 (B-cell Leukemia 2). (NCI04) 
it is an odorless white microcrystalline powder. Bitter taste. pH (1% aqueous solution) about 5. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of phenylephrine, a direct-acting sympathomimetic amine chemically related to adrenaline and ephedrine with potent vasoconstrictor property. Phenylephrine is a post-synaptic alpha-adrenergic receptor agonist that causes vasoconstriction, increases systolic/diastolic pressures, reflex bradycardia, and stroke output. 
3alpha, 4, 7, 7alpha-Tetrahydro-1H-isoindole-1, 3(2H)-dione, also known as 1, 2, 3, 6-it or 4-cyclohexene-1, 2-dicarboximide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoindolones. These are aromatic polycyclic compounds that an isoindole bearing a ketone. 3alpha, 4, 7, 7alpha-Tetrahydro-1H-isoindole-1, 3(2H)-dione exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3alpha, 4, 7, 7alpha-tetrahydro-1H-isoindole-1, 3(2H)-dione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
This solid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide with an inert solid. 
it is a primary amino compound that is fluorescein carrying an amino substituent at C-5. Building block/intermediate for the synthesis of the fluorescent dye flourescein; also used to produce N-(fluorescein-5-yl)maleamic acid. It derives from a fluorescein. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is pentanoic acid with a methyl group substituent at position 4. It is a metabolite of 20 alpha-hydroxycholesterol It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an isocaproate. 
it is a it compound having D-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-galactonic acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it is an azaarene that is the 1,2-diaza analogue of naphthalene. The parent of the class of its. It is a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent, a member of its, an azaarene and an ortho-fused heteroarene. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid that consists of glutaric acid bearing an oxo substituent at position 2. It is an intermediate metabolite in Krebs cycle. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxoglutarate(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
2-(4-isopropyl-4-methyl-5-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl)-5-(methoxymethyl)nicotinic acid is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid that is nicotinic acid which is substituted substituted at position 5 by a methoxymethyl group and at position 2 by a 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl group, that in turn is substituted by isopropyl, methyl, and oxo groups at positions 4, 4, and 5, respectively. It is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid, an ether, an imidazolone and a member of imidazolines. 
Quinine is a natural cinchona alkaloid that has been used for centuries in the prevention and therapy of malaria. Quinine is also used for idiopathic muscle cramps. Quinine therapy has been associated with rare instances of hypersensitivity reactions which can be accompanied by hepatitis and mild jaundice. it is the sulfate salt form of the quinidine alkaloid isolate quinine. Quinine has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
it is a broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic derived semisynthetically from the marine fungus Cephalosporium acremonium with antibacterial activity. As does penicillin, the beta-lactam antibiotic ite inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by disrupting peptidoglycan synthesis, resulting in a reduction in bacterial cell wall stability and bacterial cell lysis. Stable in the presence of a variety of beta-lactamases, this agent is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria compared to second-generation cephalosporins. 
it is a fatty alcohol that is tetradecane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a secondary alcohol and a fatty alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a tetradecane. 
it, also known as (4-isopropylphenyl)ethanone or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a herbal, spicy, and woody taste. 
Cyclic polypeptide antibiotic from Bacillus itus. It is composed of Polymyxins E1 and E2 (or its A, B, and C) which act as detergents on cell membranes. it is less toxic than Polymyxin B, but otherwise similar; the methanesulfonate is used orally. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is propionic acid substituted at position 3 by a phenyl group. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzenes. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phenylpropionate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has a plum taste. 
it is a benzothiadiazole that is the S-methyl thioester derivative of acibenzolar. A profungicide (by hydrolysis of the thioester group to give the corresponding carboxylic acid), it is used as a fungicide and plant activator on a variety of crops, including cotton, chili peppers, lettuce, onions, spinach, tobacco, and tomatoes. It has a role as a plant activator, an antifungal agrochemical and a profungicide. It is a benzothiadiazole and a thioester. It derives from an acibenzolar. 
it is zwitterionic form of L-alanine arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a L-alanine. 
it, stabilized appears as a clear colorless liquid with a chloroform-like odor. Flash point 0Â°F. Boiling point 99Â°F. Denser (at 10.1 lb / gal) than water and insoluble in water. Hence sinks in water. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. Vapors heavier than air. it is a member of the class of chloroethenes that is ethene in which both of the hydrogens attached to one of the carbons are replaced by chlorines. It has a role as a mutagen, a carcinogenic agent and a mouse metabolite. 
it is the citrate salt of the element magnesium with cathartic activity. The cathartic action of magnesium cations appears to result, in part, from osmotically mediated water retention, which subsequently stimulates peristalsis. In addition, magnesium ions may also stimulate the activity of nitric oxide (NO) synthase and increase the biosynthesis of the phospholipid proinflammatory mediator platelet activating factor (PAF) in the gut. NO may stimulate intestinal secretion via prostaglandin- and cyclic GMP-dependent mechanisms while PAF produces significant stimulation of colonic secretion and gastrointestinal motility. 
it is a tetracycline used for treatment of infections caused by a variety of Gram positive and Gram negative microorganisms including Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Pasteurella pestis, Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae (respiratory infections), and Diplococcus pneumoniae. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent, an anti-inflammatory drug and a bacterial metabolite. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid that is paclitaxel with the N-benzyloxycarbonyl group replaced by N-tert-butoxycarbonyl, and the acetoxy group at position 10 replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a photosensitizing agent and an antimalarial. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a taxane. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of it, a semisynthetic side-chain analogue of paclitaxel with antineoplastic property. it binds specifically to the beta-tubulin subunit of microtubules and thereby antagonizes the disassembly of the microtubule proteins. This results in the persistence of aberrant microtubule structures and results in cell-cycle arrest and subsequent cell death. 
(2R, 3R, 4R)-it, also known as D-xylo-form, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoleucine and derivatives. Isoleucine and derivatives are compounds containing isoleucine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of isoleucine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom (2R, 3R, 4R)-it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (2R, 3R, 4R)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (2R, 3R, 4R)-it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (2R, 3R, 4R)-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an inorganic phosphate, being the diammonium salt of phosphoric acid. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is an inorganic phosphate and an ammonium salt. 
This material contains it in solution. It will have a rotten egg like odor. It has a pH between 8.5-11.5. It is a transparent to dark green liquid. Contact with heat or acidic materials will evolve highly toxic hydrogen sulfide. The liquid is highly corrosive to the skin and eyes. Ingestion causes severe burning and corrosion in all portions of the gastrointestinal tract. 
it is an anti-inflammatory, anti-allergic glucocorticoid that can be administered orally, by inhalation, topically, and parenterally. Its unintended mineralocorticoid action may cause salt and water retention. 
Omacetaxine is a semisynthetic cephataxine that acts as a protein translation inhibitor and is used to treated chronic myeloid leukemia that is resistant to tyrosine kinase receptor antagonists. Omacetaxine is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevation during therapy, but has not been linked to cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen if heated to decomposition. Used in pyrotechnics. it is the inorganic nitrate salt of magnesium. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is an inorganic nitrate salt and a magnesium salt. 
it is a cyclic ketone derived from spiro[4.5]dec-6-en-8-one by substitution of hydrogens by methyl groups at positions 6 and 10, and by an isopropenyl group at position 2 (the (2R,5S,10R)-diastereoisomer). It has a role as a phytoalexin and a plant metabolite. It is a spiro compound, a sesquiterpenoid and a cyclic ketone. 
Aldrin mixture, dry appears as a brown to white solid. If large pieces are broken up or powdered becomes toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Insoluble in water. Noncombustible. Used as an insecticide. 
it is a beta-adrenoceptor agonist with potential antidepressant activity. Even though preferentially interacts with beta-adrenergic receptors, it may exhibit antidepressant activity. Sustained administration of it, similar to other beta-adrenergic agonists, may increase serotonin (5-HT) synthesis, thereby enhance serotonergic neurotransmission, partially through an increased transport of the serotonin precursor (tryptophan) to brain. 
it is a non-absorbable polymeric amine and phosphate binding agent that can be used to prevent hyperphosphatemia. Upon oral administration, the amine groups in it become protonated in the intestines and bind to the dietary phosphate groups in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, thereby preventing the absorption of phosphate and controlling phosphate plasma levels. In addition, it, as a phosphate binder, can be used to prevent the absorption of the radionuclide phosphorus P 32 (P-32). 
it is a sulfate salt resulting from the reaction of 2 eq. guanadrel with 1 eq. sulfuric acid. A postganglionic adrenergic blocking agent formerly used for the management of hypertension, it has been largely superseded by other drugs less likely to cause orthostatic hypotension (dizzy spells on standing up or stretching). It has a role as an adrenergic antagonist and an antihypertensive agent. It contains a guanadrel(1+). 
it is a myo-inositol tetrakisphosphate having the phosphate groups placed at the 1-, 3-, 4- and 6-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
it appears as a colorless gas with a sweet odor. Toxic by inhalation and an irritant to skin, eyes and mucus membranes. Corrosive. Heavier than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may violently rupture or rocket. Used as an oxidizer in propellants. 
it is a quinolinone derivative with anti-ulcer and anti-inflammatory activities. it induces cyclooxygenase 2 (COX2) synthesis which results in an increase in endogenous prostaglandin synthesis in the gastric mucosa. This agent also inhibits H. pylori-induced production of tumor necrosis factor (TNF) alpha and subsequent inflammation of the gastric mucosa. In addition, it scavenges oxygen-derived free radicals that potentially cause mucosal injury, and stimulates prostaglandin EP4 receptor gene expression followed by mucous secretion, thereby enhancing the gastric mucosal defense. 
it is an organic sulfamate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the sulfamate OH group of it. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a succinate salt obtained by combining vatalanib with one molar equivalent of succinic acid. It is a multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor for all isoforms of VEGFR, PDGFR and c-Kit. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist. It contains a vatalanib. it is the succinate salt of vatalanib, an anilinophthalazine derivative, with antineoplastic activity. Vatalanib binds to and inhibits the protein kinase domain of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors 1 and 2; both receptor tyrosine kinases are involved in angiogenesis. This agent also binds to and inhibits related receptor tyrosine kinases, including platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) receptor, c-Kit, and c-Fms. 
it is an oxo monocarboxylic acid, a prostaglandins Falpha and a ketone. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug and an antihypertensive agent. 
it is a synthetic analogue of thymosin-alpha-1, a 28-amino acid protein derived from the precursor protein prothymosin-alpha. Exhibiting a variety of immunoregulating properties, thymosin-alpha-1 induces differentiation of murine T-cell precursors and human thymocytes and the terminal differentiation of functionally immature cord blood lymphocytes and induces production of IL-2, high affinity IL-2 receptors, and B-cell growth factors by peripheral blood mononuclear cells. T-helper and cytotoxic/suppressor T-cell populations are targets of thymosin activity. Thymosin-alpha-1 has been shown to increase the efficiency of antigen presentation by macrophages and to be an endogenous modulator of alpha-thrombin activity. (NCI04) 
it is an aryl sulfate that is 4-hydroxystyrene in which the hydroxy group has been replaced by a sulfooxy group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of styrenes. It derives from a 4-hydroxystyrene. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of mevalonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-mevalonate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-mevalonic acid. 
it appears as odorless white powder or white glistening needles, usually melted together. Bitter taste. Solutions in water are neutral to litmus. Odorless. (NTP, 1992) it is a trimethylxanthine in which the three methyl groups are located at positions 1, 3, and 7. A purine alkaloid that occurs naturally in tea and coffee. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, an EC 3.1.4.* (phosphoric diester hydrolase) inhibitor, an adenosine receptor antagonist, an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor, a ryanodine receptor agonist, a fungal metabolite, an adenosine A2A receptor antagonist, a psychotropic drug, a diuretic, a food additive, an adjuvant, a plant metabolite, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic, a human blood serum metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a mutagen. It is a purine alkaloid and a trimethylxanthine. it is a methylxanthine alkaloid found in the seeds, nuts, or leaves of a number of plants native to South America and East Asia that is structurally related to adenosine and acts primarily as an adenosine receptor antagonist with psychotropic and anti-inflammatory activities. Upon ingestion, it binds to adenosine receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), which inhibits adenosine binding. This inhibits the adenosine-mediated downregulation of CNS activity; thus, stimulating the activity of the medullary, vagal, vasomotor, and respiratory centers in the brain. This agent also promotes neurotransmitter release that further stimulates the CNS. The anti-inflammatory effects of it are due the nonselective competitive inhibition of phosphodiesterases (PDEs). Inhibition of PDEs raises the intracellular concentration of cyclic AMP (cAMP), activates protein kinase A, and inhibits leukotriene synthesis, which leads to reduced inflammation and innate immunity. 
it is a carbonyl compound. It has a role as an anticoronaviral agent. it is an orally bioavailable, synthetic serine protease inhibitor, with anti-inflammatory, antifibrotic, and potential antiviral activities. Upon oral administration, it and its metabolite 4-(4-guanidinobenzoyloxyl)phenyl acetic acid (FOY 251) inhibit the activities of a variety of proteases, including trypsin, kallikrein, thrombin and plasmin, and C1r- and C1 esterases. Although the mechanism of action of it is not fully understood, trypsinogen activation in the pancreas is known to be a trigger reaction in the development of pancreatitis. it blocks the activation of trypsinogen to trypsin and the inflammatory cascade that follows. it may also suppress the expression of the cytokines interleukin-1beta (IL-1b), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a) and transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), along with alpha-smooth muscle actin (alpha-SMA). This reduces inflammation and fibrosis of the pancreas. In addition, it may inhibit the activity of transmembrane protease, serine 2 (TMPRSS2), a host cell serine protease that mediates viral cell entry for influenza virus and coronavirus, thereby inhibiting viral infection and replication. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is glutaric acid in which one of the two hydrogens at position 3 is substituted by a hydroxy group, while the other is substituted by a methyl group. It has been found to accumulate in urine of patients suffering from HMG-CoA lyase (3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA lyase, EC 4.1.3.4) deficiency. It occurs as a plant metabolite in Crotalaria dura. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an anticholesteremic drug, an EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor, a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a 3-hydroxy carboxylic acid and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a glutaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutarate(1-). 
MET Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitor it is an orally bioavailabe, small-molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. MET tyrosine kinase inhibitor it selectively binds to and inhibits c-Met, disrupting the c-Met signaling pathway, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell growth, migration and invasion of tumor cells, and the induction of death in tumor cells expressing c-Met. The receptor tyrosine kinase c-Met, also known as hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) receptor, is overexpressed or mutated in many tumor cell types, playing an important role in tumor cell proliferation, survival, invasion, and metastasis and angiogenesis. 
it is an organic disulfide having allyl and methyl as the two organic groups. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it is an indolizidine alkaloid that is octahydroindolizine substituted by an amino group at position 6 and an acetyloxy group at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite and a mycotoxin. It is an indolizidine alkaloid and an acetate ester. 
it is an orange-red to dark red powder. Water-soluble form of fluorescein. Odorless and almost tasteless. pH (5% solution) 7.8. May be sensitive to prolonged exposure to light and to heat. 
it is a pyrrolotriazine-based compound and an inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 (VEGFR-2) with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically targets and binds strongly to human VEGFR-2, a tyrosine kinase receptor and pro-angiogenic growth factor expressed almost exclusively on vascular endothelial cells. Blockade of VEGFR-2 by this agent may lead to an inhibition of VEGF-stimulated endothelial cell migration and proliferation, thereby inhibiting tumor angiogenesis. 
it appears as a colorless volatile liquid. Flash point 22Â°F. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Toxic by inhalation and ingestion. A strong skin irritant. Used to make rubber. it is an epoxide that is oxirane substituted by a bromomethyl group at position 2. It has a role as a mutagen. It is an epoxide and an organobromine compound. It derives from a 1,2-epoxypropane. 
A nonhormonal medication for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis in women. This drug builds healthy bone, restoring some of the bone loss as a result of osteoporosis. 
2-(4-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid is a monocarboxylic acid that is 2-phenoxypropanoic acid in which the hydrogen at the para position of the phenyl ring has been replaced by a [3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy group. It is a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether, a monocarboxylic acid, an organofluorine compound and an organochlorine compound. 
7, 18-Dihydroxykaurenolide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpene lactones. These are diterpenoids containing a lactone moiety. 7, 18-Dihydroxykaurenolide exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 7, 18-dihydroxykaurenolide is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 7, 18-dihydroxykaurenolide can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes 7, 18-dihydroxykaurenolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the alkene resulting from the formal Wittig olefination of benzophenone and 1,1-dimethyl-4-bromopiperidinium methylsulfate. A quaternary ammonium anticholinergic, it binds muscarinic acetycholine receptors and thereby decreases secretory excretion of stomach acids, saliva and sweat, It is used topically in the treatment of hyperhidorsis (excessive sweating). It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, a parasympatholytic and a bronchodilator agent. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and a member of piperidines. 
it is the acetate salt of an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. Caspofungin inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Denser than water. Contact may slightly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be slightly toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
Toremifene is a nonsteroidal antiestrogen that is used in the treatment of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer. Long term toremifene therapy has been associated with development of fatty liver, steatohepatitis, cirrhosis, and rare instances of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is a CDP-sugar having 3,6-dideoxy-D-glucose as the sugar component. It derives from a CDP-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4-prenylated xanthones. These are organic compounds containing a C5-isoprenoid group linked to a xanthone moiety at the 4-position. Xanthone is a tricyclic compound made up of two benzene rings linearly fused to each other through a pyran ring that carries a ketone group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and purple mangosteen. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a trifluorinated corticosteroid that consists of 6alpha,9-difluoro-11beta,17alpha-dihydroxy-17beta-{[(fluoromethyl)sulfanyl]carbonyl}-16-methyl-3-oxoandrosta-1,4-diene bearing a propionyl substituent at position 17; has anti-inflammatory, anti-asthmatic and anti-allergic activity. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent, an anti-asthmatic drug, an anti-inflammatory drug, a dermatologic drug, a bronchodilator agent and an adrenergic agent. It is a corticosteroid, a steroid ester, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a propanoate ester, a fluorinated steroid, a thioester and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It derives from a fluticasone. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. it is the propionate salt form of fluticasone, a synthetic trifluorinated glucocorticoid receptor agonist with antiallergic, antiinflammatory and antipruritic effects. Binding and activation of the glucocorticoid receptor results in the activation of lipocortin that in turn inhibits cytosolic phospholipase A2, which triggers cascade of reactions involved in synthesis of inflammatory mediators, such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Secondly, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase 1 is induced, thereby leads to dephosphorylation and inactivation of Jun N-terminal kinase directly inhibiting c-Jun mediated transcription. Finally, transcriptional activity of nuclear factor (NF)-kappa-B is blocked, thereby inhibits the transcription of cyclooxygenase 2, which is essential for prostaglandin production. 
it is the trisodium salt of mangafodipir with potential antioxidant and chemoprotective activities. Consisting of manganese (II) ions chelated to fodipir (dipyridoxyl diphosphate or DPDP), mangafodipir scavenges oxygen free radicals such as superoxide anion, hydrogen peroxide, and hydroxyl radical, potentially preventing oxygen free radical damage to macromolecules such as DNA and minimizing oxygen free radical-related chemotoxicity in normal tissues. However, this agent may potentiate the chemotherapy-induced generation of oxygen free radicals in tumor cells, resulting in the potentiation of chemotherapy-induced cytotoxicity; tumor cells, with higher levels of reactive oxygen species than normal cells, possess a lower threshold for oxygen free radical-mediated cytotoxicity. Mangafodipir is traditionally used as an imaging agent in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). 
it is a furochromone with antihyperlipidemic activity. In an animal model, it lowered low density lipoprotein cholesterol, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, and total cholesterol; very low density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not changed. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity, Over-weight, Type 2 Diabetes, Craniopharyngioma, and Hypothalamic Injury, among others. it is a fumagillin analogue and inhibitor of methionine aminopeptidase 2 (METAP2), with potential antiangiogenic and anti-obesity activity. As an irreversible inhibitor, it blocks METAP2's functions, which include both protecting eukaryotic initiation factor 2 from inhibitory phosphorylation during translation, and by removing the amino-terminal methionine residue from nascent protein permitting the conversion of an inactive or non-functional protein to an active one. As a result, this agent prevents endothelial cell growth and inhibits tumor angiogenesis. In addition, METAP2 inhibition also down-regulates ERK1/2 signaling pathway, which is usually overactive in the fat tissues of obese people. Therefore, at a much lower dose, it can induce liver fat utilization and reduce cholesterol and fatty acid synthesis. METAP2, a member of the dimetallohydrolase family, plays an important role during angiogenesis and is over-expressed in various cancers. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylate obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of 2-oxoglutaric acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, an algal metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a glutarate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxoglutarate(1-). 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is promazine carrying an oxo group at position 5. It is a metabolite of the anti-psychotic medication, chlorpromazine. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a member of phenothiazines, a sulfoxide and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a promazine. 
Trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline zwitterion is an L-alpha-amino acid zwitterion arising from transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino group of trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline. 
it is a member of the class of aflatoxins that is aflatoxin B1 in which the hydrogen at the pro-3S position is replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a carcinogenic agent. It is an aflatoxin, an aromatic ether and an aromatic ketone. It derives from an aflatoxin B1. 
Xi-3, 5-dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as butenolides. These are dihydrofurans with a carbonyl group at the C2 carbon atom. Xi-3, 5-dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, xi-3, 5-dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, xi-3, 5-dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone can be found in mushrooms. This makes xi-3, 5-dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an oxindole that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It is a member of oxindoles and a member of hydroxyindoles. 
5-Carboxy-2'-deoxyuridine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleosides. Pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleosides are compounds consisting of a pyrimidine linked to a ribose which lacks a hydroxyl group at position 2. 5-Carboxy-2'-deoxyuridine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 5-Carboxy-2'-deoxyuridine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 5-carboxy-2'-deoxyuridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a penicillin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is the indanyl ester of carbenicillin, a broad-spectrum, semisynthetic penicillin derivative with antibacterial activity. Following absorption, carbenicillin indanyl is rapidly hydrolyzed to the active carbenicillin, which binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, thereby preventing the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This leads to a weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing bacterial cell lysis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as macrolides and analogues. These are organic compounds containing a lactone ring of at least twelve members. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of coumestans that is the diacetate ester derivative of coumestrol. It is a member of coumestans, a delta-lactone and an acetate ester. It derives from a coumestrol. 
it is an aminoalkylindole that is indole carrying a dimethylaminomethyl substituent at postion 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a serotonergic antagonist, an antiviral agent and an antibacterial agent. It is an aminoalkylindole, an indole alkaloid and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 32:2 in which both phosphatidyl acyl groups are specified as palmitoleoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a palmitoleic acid. 
it is a third-generation amino-bisphosphonate with anti-resorptive activity. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, it binds to and adsorbs onto hydroxyapatite crystals in the bone matrix, thereby preventing osteoclast resorption. This agent also binds to and inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, an enzyme that plays an important role in the mevalonate pathway. This inhibits the formation of isoprenoids that are essential for protein prenylation. This prevents farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of proteins essential for osteoclast function, thereby leading to the induction of apoptosis of osteoclasts. By preventing osteoclast-mediated bone resorption, it prevents bone destruction. 
it is a HETE having a (9S)-hydroxy group and (5Z)-, (7E)-, (11Z)- and (14Z)-double bonds. It derives from an icosa-5,7,11,14-tetraenoic acid. 
A semisynthetic analog of PACLITAXEL used in the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic BREAST NEOPLASMS and NON-SMALL CELL LUNG CANCER. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having 3-hydroxyhexadecanoyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an O-acylcarnitine, an ammonium betaine and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a carnitine. 
it, also known as benzylcarbinyl 2-methylbutyrate or fema 3632, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-phenylethyl 2-methylbutanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a sweet, floral, and green tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages and herbs and spices. This makes 2-phenylethyl 2-methylbutanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Eosin 5-isothiocyanate is the 2',4',5',7'-tetrabromo-5-isothiocyanato derivative of fluorescein; exhibits phosphorescence with an emission maximum at ~680 nm. It is an organobromine compound, a fluorescein and an isothiocyanate. 
5-phospho-D-ribosylamine is a ribose monophosphate having the phosphate group at the 5-position and an amino group in place of hydroxy at the anomeric centre. It is a ribose monophosphate and a ribosylamine. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-phosphonato-D-ribosylaminium(1-). 
it is an agent belonging to the glitazone class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic activity. it also appears to lower triglyceride and free fatty acid levels. 
Transparent crystals or white crystalline solid with a pleasant odor resembling the odor of chloroform. Melts at 62Â°C; boils at 115Â°C without polymerization. The cyclic trimer of formaldehyde. it is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent that is cyclohexane in which the carbon atoms at positions 1, 3 and 5 are replaced by oxygen atoms. It is a it and a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent. 
it is an estrogenic steroid produced by horses. It has a total of five double bonds in the A- and B-ring. High concentration of it is found in the urine of pregnant mares. 
Carene is a colorless liquid with a sweet, turpentine-like odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a car-3-ene (3,7,7-trimethylbicyclo[4.1.0]hept-3-ene) that has R configuration at position 1 and S configuration at position 6. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-car-3-ene. 
it is a retinoid that consists of all-trans-retinoic acid bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 4 on the cyclohexenyl ring. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a retinoid and a secondary allylic alcohol. It derives from an all-trans-retinoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an all-trans-4-hydroxyretinoate. 
5-Fluoro-2-Deoxycytidine is an antimetabolite consisting of a fluorinated pyrimidine analog with potential antineoplastic activity. As a prodrug, 5-fluoro-2-deoxycytidine is converted by intracellular deaminases to the cytotoxic agent 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU). 5-FU is subsequently metabolized to active metabolites including 5-fluoro-2-deoxyuridine monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). FdUMP binds to and inhibits thymidylate synthase, thereby reducing the production of thymidine monophosphate, which leads to depletion of thymidine triphosphate. This inhibits DNA synthesis and cell division. FUTP competes with uridine triphosphate for incorporation into the RNA strand thus leading to an inhibition of RNA and protein synthesis. Other fluorouracil metabolites also get incorporated into both DNA and RNA, thereby further hampering cellular growth. 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is O,O-diethyl hydrogen phosphorothioate in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group is replaced by a 5-phenyl-1,2-oxazol-3-yl group. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It derives from a 5-phenylisoxazol-3-ol. 
it is a colorless, nonflammable liquid. It may cause illness from ingestion and may be irritating to skin. If exposed to high temperatures it may emit toxic fumes. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. Since it is a liquid it can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. It is used as a fire extinguishing agent. 
it is an oxopurine that is a derivative of xanthine, methylated at N-1 and N-3 and carrying a 1,3-dioxolan-2-ylmethyl group at N-7, used in the treatment of asthma. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, an antitussive and an anti-asthmatic drug. It derives from a 7H-xanthine. 
it is an acetate ester. It derives from an all-trans-retinol. it is a naturally-occurring fatty acid ester form of retinol (vitamin A) with potential antineoplastic and chemopreventive activities. it binds to and activates retinoid receptors, inducing cell differentiation and decreasing cell proliferation. This agent also inhibits carcinogen-induced neoplastic transformation in some cancer cell types and exhibits immunomodulatory properties. (NCI04) 
3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2, 4-trithiolane, also known as fema 3541, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trithiolanes. These are organic compounds containing a six-member aliphatic saturated heterocycle made up of three sulfur atoms and two carbon atoms. 3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2, 4-trithiolane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 5-dimethyl-1, 2, 4-trithiolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3, 5-Dimethyl-1, 2, 4-trithiolane is a beefy, meaty, and sulfurous tasting compound that can be found in crustaceans, nuts, and potato. This makes 3, 5-dimethyl-1, 2, 4-trithiolane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Bifenthrin is an off-white to pale tan waxy solid with a very faint slightly sweet odor. Used as a broad spectrum insecticide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a cortisol ester. it is the synthetic acetate ester form of hydrocortisone, a corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties. it initially binds to the cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptor; then the receptor-ligand complex is translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of genes encoding for anti-inflammatory mediators, such as cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retro-dihydrochalcones. These are a form of normal dihydrochalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a natural, bis-benzylisoquinoline alkaloid isolated from the root of the plant Radix stephania tetrandrae. it non-selectively inhibits calcium channel activity and induces G1 blockade of the G1 phase of the cell cycle and apoptosis in various cell types, resulting in immunosuppressive, anti-proliferative and free radical scavenging effects. This agent also increases glucose utilization by enhancing hepatocyte glycogen synthesis, resulting in the lowering of plasma glucose. (NCI04) 
it is the alpha-anomer of D-mannose 6-phosphate. It has a role as an epitope. It derives from a beta-D-mannose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
Cicloxolone is a broad spectrum antiviral agent with a largely non-specific and complex mode of antiviral action. Cicloxolone has been shown to impair Golgi apparatus functions related to transport of glycoproteins of vesicular stomatitis virus. 
it is a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid with a beta-hydroxy substituent at position 3. The 3beta-hydroxy epimer of lithocholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a rat metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a bile acid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid and a C24-steroid. It is a conjugate acid of an isolithocholate. 
it is a monoalkyl phosphate and a member of 1,3-thiazoles. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methyl-5-(2-phosphonatooxyethyl)thiazole(2-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acridones. These are acridines containing a ketone group attached to the C9 carbon atom of the acridine moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in citrus. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a straight-chain alkane with 16 carbon atoms. It is a component of essential oil isolated from long pepper. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a volatile oil component and a non-polar solvent. 
(2Z)-hexenal is a 2-hexenal in which the olefinic double bond has Z configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Hexestrol is a synthetic hydrogenated derivative of diethylstilbestrol (DES). Hexestrol exhibits strong affinity for estrogen receptors that are overexpressed in some types of cancers. When conjugated with a neoplastic drug, hexestrol may selectively concentrate the cytotoxic agent in estrogen receptor-rich tumors. This agent may also be mutagenic. (NCI04) 
it is a polyketide that is anthraquinone bearing four hydroxy substituents at positions 1, 3, 6 and 8 as well as a hexanoyl substituent at position 2. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a polyketide and a tetrahydroxyanthraquinone. It is a conjugate acid of a norsolorinate(1-). 
it is a gamma-lactone that is furan-2(5H)-one which is substituted by a methyl group at position 3 and by a [(1Z,3E)-2-methyl-4-(2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-1-en-1-yl)buta-1,3-dien-1-yl]oxy group at position 5. It has a role as a plant hormone. It is a gamma-lactone and a cyclic acetal. 
it appears as colorless or slightly yellow watery liquid with an odor of household bleach. Mixes with water. (USCG, 1999) it is an inorganic sodium salt in which hypochlorite is the counterion. It has a role as a disinfectant and a bleaching agent. It contains a hypochlorite. it is a chlorine compound often used as a disinfectant or a bleaching agent. it in 0.5% w/v solution is called Dakin's solution, and is used as an antiseptic to clean infected topical wounds. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of pirlimycin, a derivative of clindamycin with a 6-membered ring replacing clindamycin's 5-membered ring. Compared to clindimycin, pirlimycin has increased activity against gram-positive bacteria, including Staphylococcus aureus and coagulase negative species of Staphylococcus and Streptococcus. This agent is primarily used in the treatment of mastitis in cattle. 
6-Acetyl-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran, also known as it or 1-(2, 2-dimethyl-2H-chromen-6-yl)ethanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 2-dimethyl-1-benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a 1-benzopyran moiety that carries two methyl groups at the 2-position. 6-Acetyl-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6-acetyl-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 6-acetyl-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran can be found in fats and oils and sunflower. This makes 6-acetyl-2, 2-dimethyl-2H-1-benzopyran a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a white to light-brown, crystalline solid. Mp: 320Â°C. Practically insoluble in water. Administered to poultry to prevent the growth of pathogenic parasites. 
it is a white solid with a slight odor of bay oil. (USCG, 1999) it is a straight-chain, twelve-carbon medium-chain saturated fatty acid with strong bactericidal properties; the main fatty acid in coconut oil and palm kernel oil. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antibacterial agent and an algal metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a medium-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dodecanoate. It derives from a hydride of a dodecane. it is a saturated medium-chain fatty acid with a 12-carbon backbone. it is found naturally in various plant and animal fats and oils, and is a major component of coconut oil and palm kernel oil. 
it is the stable isotope of hydrogen with relative atomic mass 1.007825 and a natural abundance of 99.9885 atom percent (from Greek pirhoomegatauomicronsigma, first). It contains a proton. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole which is substituted at positions 1, 3 and 5 by 4-methoxyphenyl, trifluoromethyl and 4-chlorophenyl groups, respectively. Unlike many members of the diaryl heterocycle class of cyclooxygenase (COX) inhibitors, it is selective for COX-1. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a member of pyrazoles, an organofluorine compound, an aromatic ether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
N-methyl-N-pentylnitrosamine is a nitrosamine that has methyl and pentyl substituents. It is a potent oesophageal carcinogen. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. 
it, also known as 2, 3, 4-trithiahexane or fema 3861, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic trisulfides. These are organosulfur compounds with the general formula RSSSR' (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a garlic, green, and onion tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as onion-family vegetables, brassicas, nuts, and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Punicafolin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. Punicafolin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, punicafolin can be found in fruits and pomegranate. This makes punicafolin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of levonordefrin, a synthetic catecholamine and norepinephrine derivative with sympathomimetic and antihypertensive effects. Levonordefrin's antihypertensive effect is exerted through activation of alpha 2-adrenergic receptors in the cardiovascular control center of the CNS thereby suppressing the sympathetic output from the brain and subsequently lowering blood pressure. Levonordefrin binds to and activates peripheral alpha 2- adrenergic receptors, thereby causing vasoconstriction. 
it is a member of thioxanthenes and a member of piperidines. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a muscarinic antagonist and a histamine antagonist. 
Cys-Gly disulfide is an organic disulfide obtained by the oxidation of two Cys-Gly molecules which are then linked via a disulfide bond. It is an organic disulfide and a dipeptide. It derives from a cystine. It is a tautomer of a Cys-Gly disulfide dizwitterion. 
Docosanoyl-CoA is a very long-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of docosanoic (behenic) acid. It derives from a docosanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a docosanoyl-CoA(4-). 
Imidazol-1-ylacetic acid is an imidazolyl carboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by an imidazol-1-yl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is a dipeptide composed of N-(3,3-dimethylbutyl)-L-aspartic acid and methyl L-phenylalanate units joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a sweetening agent. 
it, inorganic, aqueous solution, n.o.s. is a liquid which is readily ignited when in contact with organic materials. It is noncombustible but will accelerate the burning of combustible materials. it is a nitrogen oxoanion formed by loss of a proton from nitric acid. Principal species present at pH 7.3. It is a nitrogen oxoanion, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a nitric acid. 
it is the methyl ester of L-leucine. It is an alpha-amino acid ester, a methyl ester and a L-leucine derivative. 
it is an L-lysine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-lysine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-lysine derivative. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of icotinib, an orally available quinazoline-based inhibitor of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), with potential antineoplastic activity. Icotinib selectively inhibits the wild-type and several mutated forms of EGFR tyrosine kinase. This may lead to an inhibition of EGFR-mediated signal transduction and may inhibit cancer cell proliferation. EGFR, a receptor tyrosine kinase, has been upregulated in a variety of cancer cell types. 
it appears as colorless liquid or white solid with a mild odor. May float or sink in water. A low molecular-weight polymer. Used as a non-ionic surfactant, as an emulsifier, or as a metal cleaner, depending on the degree of polymerization. 
A decapeptide that stimulates the synthesis and secretion of both pituitary gonadotropins, LUTEINIZING HORMONE and FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE. GnRH is produced by neurons in the septum PREOPTIC AREA of the HYPOTHALAMUS and released into the pituitary portal blood, leading to stimulation of GONADOTROPHS in the ANTERIOR PITUITARY GLAND. 
it is an amino cyclitol that is streptidine in which the hydroxy group between the two guanidino groups is replaced by hydrogen. It is an amino cyclitol, a member of guanidines and a triol. It derives from a streptidine. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of verubulin, a quinazoline derivative with potential dual antineoplastic activities. Verubulin binds to and inhibits tubulin polymerization and interrupts microtubule formation, resulting in disruption of mitotic spindle assembly, cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase, and cell death. This agent is not a substrate for several subtypes of multidrug resistance ABC transporters, such as P-glycoprotein, multidrug resistance-associated protein 1 (MRP1), and breast cancer resistance protein 1 (BCRP1); therefore, it may be useful for treating multidrug resistant (MDR) tumors that express these transporters. In addition, as a vascular disrupting agent (VDA), verubulin appears to disrupt tumor microvasculature specifically, which may result in acute ischemia and massive tumor cell death. 
it is an acyclic diterpene glycoside consisting of a 20-hydroxygeranyllinalool skeleton conjugated to two disaccharide units at C-3 and C-20. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a disaccharide derivative, a diterpene glycoside and a sophoroside. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiazolidines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a five-member saturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom, one sulfur atom, three carbon atoms (Â±)-it is soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isothiocyanatocyclohexane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
2-[benzyl(phenyl)amino]ethyl 5-(5,5-dimethyl-2-oxido-1,3,2-dioxaphosphinan-2-yl)-2,6-dimethyl-4-(3-nitrophenyl)-1,4-dihydropyridine-3-carboxylate is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-(5,5-dimethyl-2-oxido-1,3,2-dioxaphosphinan-2-yl)-2,6-dimethyl-4-(3-nitrophenyl)-1,4-dihydropyridine-3-carboxylic acid with the hydroxy group of 2-[benzyl(phenyl)amino]ethanol. It is a C-nitro compound, a carboxylic ester, a tertiary amino compound and a dihydropyridine. 
3-{4-[(3-{[3, 4-dihydroxy-4-(hydroxymethyl)oxolan-2-yl]oxy}-4, 5-dihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxan-2-yl)oxy]phenyl}-1-(2, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonoid o-glycosides. Flavonoid O-glycosides are compounds containing a carbohydrate moiety which is O-glycosidically linked to the 2-phenylchromen-4-one flavonoid backbone. 3-{4-[(3-{[3, 4-dihydroxy-4-(hydroxymethyl)oxolan-2-yl]oxy}-4, 5-dihydroxy-6-(hydroxymethyl)oxan-2-yl)oxy]phenyl}-1-(2, 4-dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-en-1-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an herbal extract derived from the root of the plant Glycyrrhiza glabra with potential anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, and antineoplastic activities. it root extract contains glycoside glycyrrhizinic acid and numerous flavonoids. Glycyrrhizinic acid in licorice root extract is hydrolyzed to glycyrrhetic acid (GA); GA inhibits 11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase, resulting in inhibition of the conversion of cortisol to the inactive steroid cortisone and elevated cortisol levels. In addition, GA inhibits 17,20-lyase and 17 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase, resulting in decreased conversions of 17-hydroxyprogesterone to androstenedione and androstenedione to testosterone. The primary antioxidant found in licorice root, the flavonoid glabridin, may inactivate or inhibit the activities of some cytochrome P450 enzymes. In tumor cells, beta-hydroxy-DHP, another flavonoid, may induce Bcl-2 phosphorylation, apoptosis, and G2/M cell cycle arrest. 
Brimonidine Tartrate is the tartrate salt form of brimonidine, an imidazole derivative and a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist. Upon ocular administration, brimonidine tartrate acts on the blood vessels causing them to constrict which leads to a decrease in the production of aqueous humor. Brimonidine tartrate also enhances the outflow of aqueous humor. This drug is used in the treatment of glaucoma to reduce intraocular pressure. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an anesthetic odor. Flash point -49Â°F. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. it is an it in which the oxygen atom is linked to two ethyl groups. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic, a non-polar solvent and a refrigerant. It is a volatile organic compound and an it. it is an organic compound in which two carbon atoms are linked through an oxygen atom (C-O-C). An it may be a product of the condensation of alcohols. it also refers loosely to diethyl-it, a colorless, volatile, highly inflammable liquid used in industry and biomedical research, and historically important as an anesthetic agent. In vivo, it acts similarly to alcohol and chloroform, but its stimulant action on the heart is much more marked. it is a rapidly diffusible stimulant. (NCI04) 
it is the mesylate salt of a synthetic imidazoline with alpha-adrenergic antagonist activity. As a competitive alpha-adrenergic antagonist, phentolamine binds to alpha-1 and alpha-2 receptors, resulting in a decrease in peripheral vascular resistance and vasodilatation. This agent also may block 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptors and stimulate release of histamine from mast cells. 
it is an organoarsonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an arsanilate(1-). it is an organoarsenic compound with activity as an anti-infective agent. As a feed additive, it improves weight gain in farm-raised animals, but its use as a growth promoter is banned in many countries. 
it is a colorless gas with a faint petroleum like odor. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its own vapor pressure. For transportation it may be stenched. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. It is easily ignited. The vapors are heavier than air. Any leak can either be liquid or vapor. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. It is used to make other chemicals. Can cause explosion. it is an alkene that is propane with a double bond at position 1. It has a role as a refrigerant and a xenobiotic. It is an alkene and a gas molecular entity. 
(-)-it is a carbotricyclic compound and sesquiterpene that is 1a,2,3,4,4a,5,6,7b-octahydro-1H-cyclopropa[e]azulene which is substituted by methyl groups at positions 1, 1, 4 and 7 (the 1aR,4R,4aR,7bS- diastereoisomer). It has been isolated from several plant species such as Anaphalis nubigena and Jatropha ribifolia. It has a role as a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a carbotricyclic compound and a sesquiterpene. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02804750 (Study to Evaluate it in Patients With Cushing's Syndrome). it is an orally available antagonist of the glucocorticoid receptor (GR), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it competitively binds to and blocks GRs. This inhibits the activity of GRs, and prevents both the translocation of the ligand-GR complexes to the nucleus and gene expression of GR-associated genes. This decreases the negative effects that result from excess levels of endogenous glucocorticoids, like those seen when tumors overproduce glucocorticoids. In addition, by binding to GRs and preventing their activity, inhibition with it also inhibits the proliferation of GR-overexpressing cancer cells. GRs are overexpressed in certain tumor cell types and promote tumor cell proliferation. 
it is a selective cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor, a class of drugs that help slow the progression of cancer by inhibiting two proteins called cyclin-dependent kinase 4 and 6 (CDK4/6). These proteins, when over-activated, can enable cancer cells to grow and divide too quickly. Targeting CDK4/6 with enhanced precision may play a role in ensuring that cancer cells do not continue to replicate uncontrollably. it was approved by the U.S. FDA in March, 2017 as it. it is an orally available cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor targets at cyclin D1/CDK4 and cyclin D3/CDK6 cell cycle pathway, with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically inhibits CDK4 and 6, thereby inhibiting retinoblastoma (Rb) protein phosphorylation. Inhibition of Rb phosphorylation prevents CDK-mediated G1-S phase transition, thereby arresting the cell cycle in the G1 phase, suppressing DNA synthesis and inhibiting cancer cell growth. Overexpression of CDK4/6, as seen in certain types of cancer, causes cell cycle deregulation. 
it is a phenethylamine alkaloid that is N-methyl-4-methoxyphenylethylamine carrying an additional N-(3,4-dimethoxybenzyl) substituent. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a plant metabolite. It is a phenethylamine alkaloid, a dimethoxybenzene, a monomethoxybenzene and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a pyrrolopyrazole that is 5,6-dihydro-4H-pyrrolo[1,2-b]pyrazole which is substituted at positions 2 and 3 by 6-methylpyridin-2-yl and 6-(aminocarbonyl)quinolin-4-yl groups, respectively. A Transforming growth factor-betaRI (TGF-betaRI) kinase inhibitor, it blocks TGF-beta-mediated tumor growth in glioblastoma. It has a role as a TGFbeta receptor antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinolines, a pyrrolopyrazole, a member of methylpyridines, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is an orally available, small molecule antagonist of the tyrosine kinase transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-b) receptor type 1 (TGFBR1), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it specifically targets and binds to the kinase domain of TGFBR1, thereby preventing the activation of TGF-b-mediated signaling pathways. This may inhibit the proliferation of TGF-b-overexpressing tumor cells. Dysregulation of the TGF-b signaling pathway is seen in a number of cancers and is associated with increased cancer cell proliferation, migration, invasion and tumor progression. 
it is a phosphorus hydride consisting of a single pentavalent phosphorus carrying five hydrogens. The parent hydride of the phosphorane class. It is a member of phosphoranes, a phosphorus hydride and a mononuclear parent hydride. 
Ipratropium is a synthetic anticholinergic agent that is used as an inhalant for treatment of acute bronchospasm due to chronic bronchitis and emphysema. Ipratropium has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. Ipratropium Bromide is the bromide salt form of ipratropium, a synthetic derivative of the alkaloid atropine with anticholinergic properties. Ipratropium antagonizes the actions of acetylcholine at parasympathetic, postganglionic, effector-cell junctions. When inhaled, ipratropium binds competitively to cholinergic receptors in the bronchial smooth muscle thereby blocking the bronchoconstrictor actions of the acetylcholine mediated vagal impulses. Inhibition of the vagal tone leads to dilation of the large central airways resulting in bronchodilation. 
it is the (Z)-stereoisomer of cholesteryl octadec-9-enoate. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a lipophilic antioxidant with both antiproliferative and lipid-lowering properties. Treatment with it both decreases plasma LDL cholesterol and increases plasma HDL cholesterol. 
(11Z)-icos-11-enoic acid is an icosenoic acid having a cis- double bond at position 11. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a gondoate. Eicosenoic Acid is a monounsaturated long-chain fatty acid with a 20-carbon backbone and the sole double bond originating from the 5th, 6th, 7th, 9th, 11th 12th or 15th positions from the methyl end. 
it is a semisynthetic member of the class of rifamycins and non-systemic gastrointestinal site-specific broad spectrum antibiotic. Used in the treatment of traveller's diarrhoea, hepatic encephalopathy and irritable bowel syndrome. It has a role as a gastrointestinal drug, an orphan drug and an antimicrobial agent. It is a member of rifamycins, an acetate ester, a lactam, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a macrocycle, a semisynthetic derivative and a cyclic ketal. it is an orally administered, semi-synthetic, nonsystemic antibiotic derived from rifamycin SV with antibacterial activity. it binds to the beta-subunit of bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, inhibiting bacterial RNA synthesis and bacterial cell growth. As rifaximin is not well absorbed, its antibacterial activity is largely localized to the gastrointestinal tract. 
it, a salt compound of propylhexedrine and phenobarbital, is a potent antiepileptic. By weight, it is 40% propylhexedrine and 60% phenobarbital.  While it has sedative properties, propylhexedrine has psychostimulant properties intended to offset these sedative effects. Pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that the pharmacokinetics of phenobarbital given as it are not affected by propylhexedrine. Several reports from Spanish and Italian literature suggest that it is at least as effective as phenobarbital in adults and children, while being better tolerated and having less sedative properties.  These reports were conducted in a small series of patients in the 1970s and 1980s, and have yet to be confirmed by larger controlled trials.  Despite the lack of controlled trials, it was used widely in Turkey until it was discontinued in 2009.   it exists in 25mg and 100mg tablets. 100mg of it is equivalent to 60mg of phenobarbital. With this difference in potency in mind, other pharmacokinetic considerations such as dose titration, daily dosing, and optimal plasma concentration can be considered the same as for the equivalent amount of phenobarbital.   There has been a case of it abuse due to the amphetamine like properties of propylhexedrine, although the comparative abuse potential is much lower than amphetamine. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is docosane in which the methyl groups have been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acids. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a docosanedioate(2-). It derives from a hydride of a docosane. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is tetrazolo[5,1-c][1,2,4]benzotriazine substituted at position 7 by a chloro group. An antifungal and chemosensitising agent that induces oxidative stress in yeast and filamentous fungi and enhances the cytotoxic activity of 5-fluorocytosine and azole antimycotics. It has a role as an antifungal agent. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound and an organochlorine compound. 
Dideoxycytidine 5'-triphosphate, also known as 2', 3'-it or it-2', 3', belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleoside triphosphates. These are pyrimidine nucleotides with triphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety lacking a hydroxyl group at positions 2 and 3. Dideoxycytidine 5'-triphosphate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). In humans, dideoxycytidine 5'-triphosphate is involved in the zalcitabine action pathway. 
Insulin (human) is an insulin that is produced in the pancreas and involved in regulating the metabolism of carbohydrates (particularly glucose) and fats. Commonly thought of as a protein, it consists of two peptide chains, one containing 21 amino acid residues and the other containing 30; the chains are joined together by 2 disulfide bonds. Recombinant insulin is identical to human insulin, but is synthesised by inserting the human insulin gene into E. coli, which then produces insulin for human use. It is used in the treatment of type I and type II diabetes. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent. 
it is an organoselenium compound that is a selenium analogue of methanol, comprising a methyl group covalently bound to a selenol group. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a one-carbon compound and an organoselenium compound. 
it is a cucurbitacin that is 9,10,14-trimethyl-4,9-cyclo-9,10-secocholesta-2,5-diene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 16, 20, 24 and 25 and oxo groups at positions 1, 11 and 22. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cucurbitacin and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a fatty acyl-AMP that results from the formal condensation of the phosphoryl group of AMP with the carboxyl group of tetradecanoic (myristic) acid. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a carbocyclic compound that is 3,5-di-sec-butylcyclopentene which is substituted by a 4-carboxy-1,3,4-trihydroxybutyl group at position 1. It is a secondary allylic alcohol, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a carbocyclic compound. 
it is the L-enantiomer of it. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mammalian metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a L-gulonic acid. 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt consisting of equimolar amounts of mepiquat cations and chloride anions. A plant growth regulator, it is used in agriculture to reduce vegetative growth including sprout suppression in garlic, leeks and onions. It has a role as a plant growth retardant and an agrochemical. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and a chloride salt. It contains a mepiquat. 
A nonapeptide that is found in neurons, peripheral organs, and plasma. This neuropeptide induces mainly delta sleep in mammals. In addition to sleep, the peptide has been observed to affect electrophysiological activity, neurotransmitter levels in the brain, circadian and locomotor patterns, hormonal levels, psychological performance, and the activity of neuropharmacological drugs including their withdrawal. 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1-phenyl-1H-1,2,4-triazole substituted by 2-hydroxyphenyl groups at positions 3 and 5. It is a member of triazoles and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydride of a 1-phenyl-1H-1,2,4-triazole. 
4-Methyl-2-(1-phenylethyl)-1, 3-dioxolane, 9ci, also known as hydratropaldehyde propyleneglycol acetal or 2-(alpha-methylbenzyl)-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 4-Methyl-2-(1-phenylethyl)-1, 3-dioxolane, 9ci is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-methyl-2-(1-phenylethyl)-1, 3-dioxolane, 9CI is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Methyl-2-(1-phenylethyl)-1, 3-dioxolane, 9ci has a chicken coop, green, and mushroom taste. 
it is a parenteral oxacephem antibiotic with an oxygen molecule substituted for the sulfur atom in the beta-lactam nucleus. Moxalactam is a thrid-generation cephalosporin that has broad-spectrum antibiotic activity and high resistance to beta-lactameses. This agent is active against gram-negative enteric bacilli, including multiple drug-resistant strains. 
it, also known as 5, 5'-bivanillin or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as biphenyls and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing to benzene rings linked together by a C-C bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, divanillin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a fruity and vanilla taste. 
it is a pyrrole-2,5-dicarboxylic acid having 7-chloroindol-3-yl groups at the 3- and 4-positions. It is a pyrroledicarboxylic acid and a chloroindole. It is a conjugate acid of a dichlorochromopyrrolate. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid resulting from the hydrolysis of the delta-lactone ring of SN-38. It is a metabolite of SN-38. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a tertiary alcohol, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an enone, a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a primary alcohol. It derives from a SN-38. It is a conjugate acid of a SN-38 carboxylate. 
Cefteram Pivoxil is the pivalate ester prodrug of cefteram, a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. After oral administration of cefteram pivoxil, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active cefteram. 
it is a member of the class of its that is pyran-2-one which is substituted at positions 3, 4, and 6 by methyl, methoxy, and but-2-en-2-yl groups, respectively in which the butenyl substituent has E configuration. A fungal metabolite that has been induced in the rice blast fungus Pyricularia oryzae by overexpression of a polyketide synthase gene (NEC1) and an O-methyltransferase gene (NEC2). It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It derives from a desmethylit. 
(S)-3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid is the (S)-enantiomer of 3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-3-methyl-2-oxovalerate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid. 
it, also known as 2-isobutyl-3-methoxy-pyrazine or 1DZK, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-methoxy-3-isobutylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a bell, earth, and galbanum tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as yellow bell pepper, common grape, orange bell pepper, and pepper (c. frutescens). This makes 2-methoxy-3-isobutylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Stress Urinary Incontinence and Triple Negative Breast Cancer. it is a non-steroidal agent with anabolic activity. Selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) it is designed to work like testosterone, thus promoting and/or maintaining libido, fertility, prostate growth, and muscle growth and strength. Mimicking testosterone's action, this agent may increase lean body mass, thereby ameliorating muscle wasting in the hypermetabolic state of cancer cachexia. 
An aminoglycoside, broad-spectrum antibiotic produced by Streptomyces tenebrarius. It is effective against gram-negative bacteria, especially the PSEUDOMONAS species. It is a 10% component of the antibiotic complex, NEBRAMYCIN, produced by the same species. 
it is a cinchona alkaloid that is cinchonidine in which the hydrogen at the 6-position of the quinoline ring is substituted by methoxy. It has a role as an antimalarial, a muscle relaxant and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of an (8S)-cinchonan. it is a quinidine alkaloid isolated from the bark of the cinchona tree. it has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it can be biosynthesized from phenytoin arene-oxide through its interaction with the enzymes cytochrome P450 1A2, cytochrome P450 2C19, cytochrome P450 2E1, and epoxide hydrolase 1. In humans, it is involved in the metabolic disorder called the phenytoin (antiarrhythmic) action pathway. 
Lincomycin, also known as lincolnensin or LCM, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as proline and derivatives. Proline and derivatives are compounds containing proline or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of proline at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. Lincomycin is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Lincomycin has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. In humans, lincomycin is involved in the lincomycin action pathway. 
it is a phosphonic acid having a 4-[(2-aminophenyl)thio]butyl attached to the phosphorus; reported to have herbicidal properties. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 4.2.1.20 (tryptophan synthase) inhibitor. It is a member of phosphonic acids, an organic sulfide and a substituted aniline. 
it is an extended flavonoid that is cyclomulberrin in which the hydroxy group at position 10 has undergone oxidative cyclisation to position 3 of the 3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl substituent, with migration of the double bond into conjugation with the aromatic ring. It is a moderate inhibitor of acetylcholinesterase (IC50 = 16.2 - 36.6 muM), and a strong inhibitor of platelet-activating factor (PAF; 1-O-alkyl-2-acetyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine) induced platelet aggregation. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a platelet aggregation inhibitor and an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor. It is an extended flavonoid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a cyclic ketone and a polyphenol. It derives from a cyclomulberrin. 
Saquinavir, also known as SQV or invirase, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as asparagine and derivatives. Asparagine and derivatives are compounds containing asparagine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of asparagine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. Saquinavir exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Saquinavir has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, saquinavir is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a second-generation epothilone. Epothilones are anticancer agents with a taxane-like mechanism of action that have demonstrated activity in taxane-resistant tumors. it is a second-generation compound with increased potency, favorable tissue distribution, and ease of formulation. 
Carboxy-PTIO is a mmeber of the class of imidazolines and organic radical that is 4,4,5,5-tetramethyl-3-oxo-4,5-dihydro-1H-3lambda(5)-imidazol-1-yl]oxidanyl substituted at position 2 by a 4-carboxyphenyl group. It has a role as a radical scavenger and an apoptosis inhibitor. It is an organic radical, a benzoic acid and a member of imidazolines. It is a conjugate base of a carboxylato-PTIO. 
9, 10-Dihydroxy-8, 8-dimethyl-2H, 8H, 9H, 10H-pyrano[2, 3-H]chromen-2-one, also known as visnadine or carduben, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as angular pyranocoumarins. These are organic compounds containing a pyran (or a hydrogenated derivative) angularly fused to a coumarin moiety. 9, 10-Dihydroxy-8, 8-dimethyl-2H, 8H, 9H, 10H-pyrano[2, 3-H]chromen-2-one is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
3-methyl-9H-xanthine is a it tautomer where the imidazole proton is located at the 9-position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a 3-methyl-7H-xanthine. 
it is a gamma-amino acid that is butanoic acid with the amino substituent located at C-4. It has a role as a signalling molecule, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is a gamma-amino acid and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a gamma-aminobutyrate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a naturally occurring neurotransmitter with central nervous system (CNS) inhibitory activity. it (it), converted from the principal excitatory neurotransmitter glutamate in the brain, plays a role in regulating neuronal excitability by binding to its receptors, it-A and it-B, and thereby causing ion channel opening, hyperpolarization and eventually inhibition of neurotransmission. 
it is a streptomycin bearing an additional hydroxy substituent at the 5'-position (on the furanose ring) It derives from a streptomycin. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is malonic acid substituted with a heptyl group at position C-2. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a malonic acid. 
it is a differentiation-inducing factor that is pentaphenone bearing two chloro substituents at positions 3 and 5, two hydroxy substituents at positions 2 and 6 as well as a single methoxy substituent at position 4. A secreted, chlorinated molecule that controls cell fate during development of Dictyostelium cells. It has a role as a eukaryotic metabolite and a signalling molecule. It is a dichlorobenzene, a differentiation-inducing factor, a monomethoxybenzene and a member of resorcinols. 
2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanthiol, also known as 3-mercapto-2, 5-dimethylfuran or fema 3451, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanthiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-furanthiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-furanthiol has a lamb, meaty, and sulfurous taste. 
it is a benzothiadiazine, a sulfonamide, a secondary amino compound, an organochlorine compound and a member of benzenes. it is a benzothiadiazine sulfonamide derivative belonging to the class of the thiazide diuretics. 
it is a tripeptide composed of one L-leucine and two glycine residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a cyclic purine dinucleotide that is the 3',5'-cyclic dimer of MP. It has a role as an immunomodulator and a signalling molecule. It is a guanyl ribonucleotide and a cyclic purine dinucleotide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
2, 5-Dimethyl-1H-pyrrole, also known as 2, 5-dimethylazole or pyrrole, 2, 5-dimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as substituted pyrroles. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a pyrrole ring substituted at one or more positions. 2, 5-Dimethyl-1H-pyrrole exists as a liquid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-1H-pyrrole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an odorless white crystalline powder. Tasteless. An antimalarial drug. it is an aminopyrimidine that is pyrimidine-2,4-diamine which is substituted at position 5 by a p-chlorophenyl group and at position 6 by an ethyl group. It is a folic acid antagonist used as an antimalarial or with a sulfonamide to treat toxoplasmosis. It has a role as an antimalarial, an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor and an antiprotozoal drug. It is an aminopyrimidine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a synthetic derivative of ethyl-pyrimidine with potent antimalarial properties. it is a competitive inhibitor of dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR). DHFR is a key enzyme in the redox cycle for production of tetrahydrofolate, a cofactor that is required for the synthesis of DNA and proteins. This agent is often used in combination with other antimalarials for the treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria. (NCI04) 
it is an ethylenediamine derivative that is ethane-1,2-diamine in which one hydrogen attached to each of the nitrogens is sutstituted by a 1-hydroxybutan-2-yl group (S,S-configuration). It is a bacteriostatic antimycobacterial drug, effective against Mycobacterium tuberculosis and some other mycobacteria. It is used (as the dihydrochloride salt) in combination with other antituberculous drugs in the treatment of pulmonary and extrapulmonary tuberculosis; resistant strains of M. tuberculosis are readily produced if it is used alone. It has a role as an antitubercular agent, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of ethanolamines and an ethylenediamine derivative. it is an antibiotic with bacteriostatic, antimicrobial and antitubercular properties. it interferes with the biosynthesis of arabinogalactan, a major polysaccharide of the mycobacterial cell wall. It inhibits the polymerization of cell wall arabinan of arabinogalactan and lipoarabinomannan by blocking arabinosyl transferases and induces the accumulation of D-arabinofuranosyl-P-decaprenol, an intermediate in arabinan biosynthesis. This results in halting bacterial growth. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a delta-lactone, an acetate ester and a cyclic ketone. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in cereals and cereal products and crustaceans. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a fatty acid anion 10:0 that is the conjugate base of decanoic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a medium-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a fatty acid anion 10:0. It is a conjugate base of a decanoic acid. 
it is a disaccharide derivative that consists of diosmetin substituted by a 6-O-(alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as an antioxidant and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a glycosyloxyflavone, a rutinoside, a disaccharide derivative, a monomethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavanone. It derives from a diosmetin. 
Antifungal metabolite from several fungi, mainly Trichoderma viride; inhibits protein synthesis by binding to ribosomes; proposed as antifungal and antineoplastic; used as tool in cellular biochemistry. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Platinum-Resistant Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck. it is an orally bioavailable dual kinase inhibitor of c-Met (hepatocyte growth factor receptor) and VEGFR-2 (vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2) tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. c-Met/VEGFR kinase inhibitor it binds to and inhibits the activities of both c-Met and VEGFR-2, which may inhibit tumor cell growth and survival of tumor cells that overexpress these receptor tyrosine kinases. c-Met and VEGFR-2 are upregulated in a variety of tumor cell types and play important roles in tumor cell growth, migration and angiogenesis. 
it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of R- and S-it. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 3.5.1.5 (urease) inhibitor, an antileishmanial agent and an antimitotic. It contains a (R)-it and a (S)-it. 
it is the monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the aryl amino group of N-(4-fluorophenyl)-1-(2-phenylethyl)piperidin-4-amine with propanoic acid. It is a member of piperidines, an organofluorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
2-amino-6-(hydroxymethyl)-7,8-dihydropteridin-4-ol is a dihydropterin that is 7,8-dihydropteridin-4-ol substituted at positions 2 and 6 by amino and hydroxymethyl groups respectively. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a tautomer of a 2-amino-6-(hydroxymethyl)-7,8-dihydropteridin-4-one. 
PUROMYCIN derivative that lacks the methoxyphenylalanyl group on the amine of the sugar ring. It is an antibiotic with antineoplastic properties and can cause nephrosis. 
it is an intravenous endothelin receptor A/B antagonist. it was initially developed for vasodilation in patients with acute heart failure but studies have shown that it does not assist in the treatment of dyspnea or prevent cardiovascular events. 
it is a polyazaalkane that is the 1,4,11-triaza derivative of undecane. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a polyazaalkane and a triamine. It is a conjugate base of an it(3+). 
it is a cholestanoid that zymosterol in which the two methyl groups at positions 26 and 27 have been replaced by a cyclopropane ring. It has a role as a Brassica napus metabolite and a sterol methyltransferase inhibitor. It is a 3beta-sterol, a cholestanoid and a member of cyclopropanes. It derives from a zymosterol. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. 
it is an organic anion that is the major structure of chlortetracycline at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). It is a conjugate base of a chlortetracycline. 
it, also known as it or 2-benzylmalate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an amino-acid betaine that is butanoate substituted with a hydroxy group at position C-3 and a trimethylammonium group at C-4. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a carnitinium. it is an amino acid derivative. it facilitates long-chain fatty acid entry into mitochondria, delivering substrate for oxidation and subsequent energy production. Fatty acids are utilized as an energy substrate in all tissues except the brain. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of conivaptan. It is an antagonist for two of the three types of arginine vasopressin (AVP) receptors, V1a and V2, and is used for the treatment of hyponatraemia (low blood sodium levels) caused by syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH). It has a role as a vasopressin receptor antagonist. It contains a conivaptan. 
it appears as white to pale beige crystalline or granular powder with a slight odor. Melting point 65-69Â°C. it is a monocarboxylic acid that is butanoic acid substituted at position 4 by a 4-[bis(2-chloroethyl)amino]phenyl group. A chemotherapy drug that can be used in combination with the antibody obinutuzumab for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia. It has a role as an alkylating agent, a carcinogenic agent, an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent and a drug allergen. It is a nitrogen mustard, an organochlorine compound, an aromatic amine, a tertiary amino compound and a monocarboxylic acid. it is an orally-active antineoplastic aromatic nitrogen mustard. it alkylates and cross-links DNA during all phases of the cell cycle, resulting in disruption of DNA function, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. (NCI04) 
it, also known as S-cysteinosuccinate or ADC, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cysteine and derivatives. Cysteine and derivatives are compounds containing cysteine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of cysteine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-cysteinosuccinic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, S-cysteinosuccinic acid can be found in pulses. This makes S-cysteinosuccinic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, also known as busulfan or myelosan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, N2-succinoylarginine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, N2-succinoylarginine can be found in pomes. This makes N2-succinoylarginine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is the derivative of L-histidine having a 4-amino-4-oxo-3-(trimethylammonio)butyl group at the 2-position of the imidazole ring. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an indolobenzazepine that is 5,6,7,12-tetrahydroindolo[3,2-d][1]benzazepine carrying an oxo substituent at position 6. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor and an EC 2.7.11.26 (tau-protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a lactam and an indolobenzazepine. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is liquiritigenin attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 4' via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an anticoronaviral agent and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a flavanone glycoside, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a monohydroxyflavanone. It derives from a liquiritigenin. 
A macrolide antibiotic of the oligomycin group, obtained from Streptomyces rutgersensis. It is used in cytochemistry as a tool to inhibit various ATPases and to uncouple oxidative phosphorylation from electron transport and also clinically as an antifungal agent. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic produced by certain strains of Streptomyces narbonensis var. josamyceticus. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a metabolite. It is a macrolide antibiotic, an aldehyde, a tertiary amino compound, a tertiary alcohol, an acetate ester, a disaccharide derivative and a glycoside. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is 2-benzoylcyclohexane-1,3-dione in which the phenyl group is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 4 by chlorine, (2,2,2-trifluoroethoxy)methyl, and methylsulfonyl groups, respectively. It is a post-emergence herbicide used (particularly in conjunction with the herbicide safener cyprosulfamide) for the control of a wide range of broad-leaved and grassy weeds in corn and other crops. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a sulfone, a cyclic ketone, an aromatic ketone, a member of monochlorobenzenes, an organofluorine compound, an ether and a beta-triketone. 
it is a monothiocarbamic ester that is the methyl(3-tolyl)carbamothioate ester of 2-naphthol. A synthetic anti-fungal agent used to treat jock itch, athlete's foot and ringworm. It has a role as an antifungal drug. It derives from a 2-naphthol. it is a thiocarbamate derivative with either fungicidal or fungistatic property. it is a selective, reversible and non-competitive inhibitor of membrane-bound squalene-2,3- epoxidase, an enzyme involved in the biosynthesis of ergosterol. Inhibition leads to the accumulation of squalene and a deficiency in ergosterol, an essential component of fungal cell walls, thereby increasing membrane permeability, disrupting cellular organization and causing cell death. In addition, this agent may also distort the hyphae and stunts mycelial growth in susceptible fungi. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyranones and derivatives. Pyranones and derivatives are compounds containing a pyran ring which bears a ketone. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 25-azasteroids and derivatives. These are azasteroids where the carbon atom at position 25 is replaced by a nitrogen atom. Thus, it is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide resulting from the condensation of one of the carboxy groups of terephthalic acid with the amino group of 5,5,8,8-tetramethyl-5,6,7,8-tetrahydronaphthalen-2-amine. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a retinoic acid receptor alpha/beta agonist. It is a member of tetralins, a retinoid and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from a 4-carbamoylbenzoic acid and a terephthalic acid. it is an orally active, synthetic retinoid, developed to overcome all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) resistance, with potential antineoplastic activity. As a specific retinoic acid receptor (RAR) alpha/beta agonist, it is approximately ten times more potent than ATRA in inducing cell differentiation and apoptosis in HL-60 (human promyelocytic leukemia) cell lines in vitro. Due to a lower affinity for cellular retinoic acid binding protein (CRABP), it may show sustained plasma levels compared to ATRA. In addition, this agent may exhibit a lower toxicity profile than ATRA, in part, due to the lack of affinity for the RAR-gamma receptor, the major retinoic acid receptor in the dermal epithelium. 
it is studied in the treatment of cancer. It belongs to a family of chemicals called disulfides. It is a low molecular weight disulfide that has been shown to exhibit in vivo antitumor activity in murine myeloma and melanoma models. it is a disulfide agent that stimulates T and B-cell functions and exhibits anti-tumor and immunostimulant activity. (NCI) 
it is a member of indoles, a member of pyrroles and a member of maleimides. It has a role as a metabolite. 
An oxidation product, via XANTHINE OXIDASE, of oxypurines such as XANTHINE and HYPOXANTHINE. It is the final oxidation product of purine catabolism in humans and primates, whereas in most other mammals URATE OXIDASE further oxidizes it to ALLANTOIN. 
Toxic by ingestion and skin absorption when pure. Produces phosphorus oxide gases during combustion. Primary hazard is threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrates soil to contaminate groundwater and nearby waterways. 
3-[3-Methoxy-4-(sulfooxy)phenyl]prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. 3-[3-Methoxy-4-(sulfooxy)phenyl]prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a member of the class of phosphocholines that is the choline ester of sn-glycero-3-phosphate. It is one of the major osmolyte in the renal medullary cells. It has a role as a parasympatholytic, a neuroprotective agent, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of sn-glycerol 3-phosphates and a member of phosphocholines. 
2-Phenylethyl 2-furancarboxylate, also known as it or beta-phenylethyl furoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. 2-Phenylethyl 2-furancarboxylate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-phenylethyl 2-furancarboxylate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2-Phenylethyl 2-furancarboxylate has a honey, mushroom, and musty taste. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-leucine and L-tyrosine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-tyrosine. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of oxprenolol, a lipophilic, nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist with anti-arrhythmic, anti-anginal and antihypertensive activities. Oxprenolol competitively binds to and blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, oxprenolol prevents the release of renin, a hormone secreted by the kidneys that causes constriction of blood vessels. 
it is a tetrahydropyridine that is 1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine which is substituted on the nitrogen by a 2-(2-naphthyl)ethyl group and at position 4 by a m-trifluoromethylphenyl group. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist. It is a tertiary amino compound, a tetrahydropyridine, a member of naphthalenes and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
Valrubicin, also known as valstar or ad 32, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anthracyclines. These are polyketides containing a tetracenequinone ring structure with a sugar attached by glycosidic linkage. Valrubicin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Valrubicin has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, valrubicin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a dibenzazecine alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound, a cyclic ketone, a cyclic acetal and an aromatic ether. 
it appears as an odorless, silvery metallic liquid. Insoluble in water. Toxic by ingestion, absorption and inhalation of the fumes. Corrosive to aluminum. Used as a catalyst in instruments, boilers, mirror coatings. it(0) is elemental mercury of oxidation state zero. It has a role as a neurotoxin. it is a naturally occurring trace metalloid element and known neurotoxin with atomic symbol it, atomic number 80, and atomic weight 200.59. it has been used in manufacturing, as well as in dental and medical equipment, fertilizers, and pesticides. It is characterized as a heavy, silvery-white metallic liquid at room temperature that is odorless. Exposure occurs by inhalation of fumes, ingestion, or contact. 
A sulfur-containing analog of butyrylcholine which is hydrolyzed by butyrylcholinesterase to butyrate and thiocholine. It is used as a reagent in the determination of butyrylcholinesterase activity. 
it is a cationic fluorescent dye derived from 9-phenylxanthene. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organic cation and a xanthene dye. 
5-bromo-4-chloro-3-indolyl beta-D-galactoside is an indolyl carbohydrate that is the beta-D-galactoside of 3-hydroxy-1H-indole in which the indole moiety is substituted at positions 4 and 5 by chlorine and bromine, respectively. It is used to test for the presence of an enzyme, beta-galactosidase, which cleaved the glycosidic bond to give 5-bromo-4-chloro-3-hydroxy-1H-indole, which immediately dimerises to give an intensely blue product. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an indolyl carbohydrate, a beta-D-galactoside, an organochlorine compound, an organobromine compound and a D-aldohexose derivative. 
Cyclotetramethylene tetranitramine, [wet with &gt;= 10% water] appears as a white crystalline solid. Melting point 281Â°C. Practically insoluble in water. Water slurry mitigates explosion hazard. Used in solid propellants and explosives. The primary hazard is the blast effect and not flying projectiles and fragments. it is a tetrazocane that is 1,3,5,7-tetrazocane in which the hydrogen atom attached to each of the nitrogens is replaced by a nitro group. It has a role as an explosive. It is a tetrazocane and a N-nitro compound. 
Gonyautoxin I, also known as GTX1 or GTX i, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as saxitoxins, gonyautoxins, and derivatives. Saxitoxins, gonyautoxins, and derivatives are compounds with a structure based on a 2, 6-diamino-4-methyl-pyrrolo[1, 2-c]purin-10-ol skeleton. Gonyautoxin I is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, gonyautoxin i is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, gonyautoxin i can be found in mollusks. This makes gonyautoxin i a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. Gonyautoxin I is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is poly-L-lysine (n > 40) in which 50-70% of the epsilon-amino groups are substituted with benzylpenicilloyl groups. It is used as a skin-testing reagent to detect immunoglobulin E antibodies in people with a history of penicillin allergy. It has a role as a diagnostic agent. It is a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid, a random copolymer, an amino acid amide and a polypeptide. It derives from a benzylpenicillin. 
it is a 5-methoxyvalerophenone O-(2-aminoethyl)oxime and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It has a role as an antidepressant, a serotonin uptake inhibitor and an anxiolytic drug. It derives from a (trifluoromethyl)benzene. it is a 2-aminoethyl oxime ether of aralkylketones, with antidepressant, antiobsessive-compulsive, and anxiolytic properties. it, chemically unrelated to other selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, selectively blocks serotonin reuptake by inhibiting the serotonin reuptake pump at the presynaptic neuronal membrane. This increases serotonin levels within the synaptic cleft, prolongs serotonergic transmission and decreased serotonin turnover, thereby leading to antidepressant, anxiolytic and antiobsessive-compulsive effects. it shows no significant affinity for histaminergic, alpha or beta adrenergic, muscarinic, or dopaminergic receptors in vitro. 
1,1&#39;-azodi-(hexahydrobenzonitrile) appears as a white to light colored solid substance. Insoluble in water and more dense that water. May cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. If exposed to high temperatures or flames this material may ignite and burn with an intense flame. Dust may form an explosive mixture in air. 
[Nitrilotris(methylene)]trisphosphonic acid, also known as ammonium (nitrilotris(methylene))triphosphonate or aminotris(methylphosphonic acid), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic phosphonic acids. These are organic compounds containing phosphonic acid. [Nitrilotris(methylene)]trisphosphonic acid exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, [nitrilotris(methylene)]trisphosphonic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a delta-lactone obtained by intramolecular condensation of the 5-hydroxy and carboxy groups of 5-hydroxyicosanoic acid. A nonenzymatic oxidation product of arachidonic acid. 
it is a hydroxamic acid-type histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor. It is a hydroxamic acid, a sulfonamide and an olefinic compound. it is a novel hydroxamic acid-type histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor with antineoplastic activity. it targets HDAC enzymes, thereby inhibiting tumor cell proliferation, inducing apoptosis, promoting cellular differentiation, and inhibiting angiogenesis. This agent may sensitize drug-resistant tumor cells to other antineoplastic agents, possibly through a mechanism involving the down-regulation of thymidylate synthase. 
Biotinyl-5'-AMP, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 5'-acylphosphoadenosines. These are ribonucleoside derivatives containing an adenoside moiety, where the phosphate group is acylated. Biotinyl-5'-AMP is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). In humans, biotinyl-5'-AMP is involved in the biotin metabolism pathway. Biotinyl-5'-AMP is also involved in a couple of metabolic disorders, which include biotinidase deficiency and multiple carboxylase deficiency, neonatal or early onset form. 
N(4)-{2,6-dimethoxy-4-methyl-5-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy]quinolin-8-yl}pentane-1,4-diamine is an aminoquinoline that is 8-aminoquinoline which is substituted by methoxy groups at positions 2 and 6, a methyl group at position 4, and a m-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy group at position 5, and in which the amino substituent at position 8 is itself substituted by a 5-aminopentan-2-yl group. It is a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, an aminoquinoline, an aromatic ether, a primary amino compound and a secondary amino compound. 
it is an iminium ion obtained by protonation of the imino group of acridine red free base. It is a conjugate acid of an acridine red 3B free base. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cysteine and derivatives. Cysteine and derivatives are compounds containing cysteine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of cysteine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-propyl-L-cysteine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, S-propyl-L-cysteine can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes S-propyl-L-cysteine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Ethylene glycol bis(2-aminoethyl)tetraacetic acid is a diether that is ethylene glycol in which the hydrogens of the hydroxy groups have been replaced by 2-[bis(carboxymethyl)amino]ethyl group respectively. It has a role as a chelator. It is a tetracarboxylic acid, a tertiary amino compound and a diether. 
it is a member of the class of barbiturates that is pyrimidine-2,4,6(1H,3H,5H)-trione substituted by a cyclohex-1-en-1-yl group at position 5, a hydroxy group at position 1 and methyl groups at positions 3 and 5. 
it is a dialkyl ketone that is hexane in which the two methylene protons at position 3 have been replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite, an insect attractant, a plant metabolite and a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it is a dicarboximide that is pyrrolidine which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 5. It is a pyrrolidinone and a dicarboximide. 
it is a boron oxoacid. It has a role as an inorganic acid. It derives from a hydride of a diborane(4). 
it is a secondary amino compound that is N-methyl-3-phenylpropan-1-amine substituted at position 3 by a 2-methoxyphenoxy group. It has a role as an antidepressant and an adrenergic uptake inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether and a secondary amino compound. 
it, also known as 2- methoxy acetyl benzene or 2-acetylanisole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an almond, anisic, and phenolic taste. 
it, also known as cis-annomontacin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as annonaceous acetogenins. These are waxy derivatives of fatty acids (usually C32 or C34), containing a terminal carboxylic acid combined with a 2-propanol unit at the C-2 position to form a methyl- substituted alpha, beta-unsaturated-gamma-lactone. One of their interesting structural features is a single, adjacent, or nonadjacent tetrahydrofuran (THF) or tetrahydropyran (THP) system with one or two flanking hydroxyl group(s) at the center of a long hydrocarbon chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, annomutacin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, annomutacin can be found in fruits. This makes annomutacin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Glycyl-valine, also known as gly-DL-val or g-V dipeptide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Glycyl-valine is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Glycyl-valine has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. 
A bacteriostatic antibiotic macrolide produced by Streptomyces erythreus. Erythromycin A is considered its major active component. In sensitive organisms, it inhibits protein synthesis by binding to 50S ribosomal subunits. This binding process inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. 
2-Phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane-4-methanol, also known as 1, 2-benzylideneglycerol or 2-phenyl-m-dioxan-5-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 2-Phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane-4-methanol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-phenyl-1, 3-dioxolane-4-methanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a C21-steroid that is pregn-4-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 17 and 21 and oxo group at positions 3, 11 and 20. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, an 11-oxo steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a glucocorticoid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. Therapeutic it is a corticosteroid with potent glucocorticoid activity. Therapeutic it is the inactive precursor molecule of the active hormone cortisol, which is the hydroxylation product of it by 11-beta-steroid dehydrogenase. Cortisol increases blood pressure and blood sugar levels, and suppresses the immune system, therefore it is used to treat allergies or inflammation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, isobutyl 10-undecenoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fatty and fruity taste. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxylamines resulting from the replacement of one of the hydrogens attached to the amino group of 2-methylpropanamine by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a hydroxylamine and a 2-methylpropanamine. 
it is an oxoaporphine alkaloid that is 7H-dibenzo[de,g]quinolin-7-one substituted by a methylenedioxy group across positions 1 and 2, a methoxy group at position 11 and a hydroxy group at position 10. Isolated from Hernandia nymphaeifolia and Lindera chunii, it exhibits activity against HIV-1 integrase. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It is an aromatic ether, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a cyclic ketone, a member of phenols, an oxacycle and an oxoaporphine alkaloid. It derives from an aporphine. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. has a fruity taste. 
it is a tricarboxylic acid found in citrus fruits. Citric acid is used as an excipient in pharmaceutical preparations due to its antioxidant properties. It maintains stability of active ingredients and is used as a preservative. It is also used as an acidulant to control pH and acts as an anticoagulant by chelating calcium in blood. 
it is a pyrene compound having a hydroxy substituent at the 8-position and sulfonate groups in the 1-, 3- and 6-positions. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It derives from a hydride of a pyrene. 
it appears as yellow crystals. Non-corrosive. Used as a selective fungicide. it is a dithioloquinoxaline that results from the formal condensation of 6-methylquinoxaline-2,3-dithiol with phosgene. It has been used as a fungicide and acaricide for the control of mites and powdery mildew on citrus, vegetables, and walnuts, but is not approved for use in the EU. It has a role as an agrochemical. It is a quinoxaline acaricide, a quinoxaline antifungal agent and a dithioloquinoxaline. 
it, also known as fema 3940, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, isopropylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a green, honey, and minty taste. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyisoflavans that is (R)-isoflavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2' and 4', methoxy groups at positions 5 and 7 and a prenyl group at position 6. It has been isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of hydroxyisoflavans, an aromatic ether and a methoxyisoflavan. 
Ammonium citrate is a white granular solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in pharmaceuticals, and in chemical analysis. 
it, anhydrous appears as a dark purplish red solid. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may explode. Highly toxic. A confirmed human carcinogen. it is a chromium oxide composed of a single chromium bound (oxidation state +6) to three oxygens; the acidic anhydride of chromic acid. Chromium Trioxide is a dark red to brown colored, crystalline, inorganic compound that emits toxic chromium fumes upon heating. it is highly corrosive and is a strong oxidizing agent. This substance is mainly used in the production of wood preservatives and organic chemicals, but is also used in metal finishing and chrome plating and as a corrosion inhibitor. it primarily affects the nose, throat and lungs causing ulcerations, shortness of breath, bronchitis, pneumonia and asthma-like allergy but can also affect the gastrointestinal tract, liver, kidneys and immune system. This substance is a known human carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing lung cancer and cancer of the sinonasal cavity. (NCI05) 
it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of fostamatinib disodium, an orally available Syk kinase inhibitor with potential anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating activities. Fostamatinib inhibits Syk kinase-mediated IgG Fc gamma receptor signaling, resulting in inhibition of the activation of mast cells, macrophages, and B-cells and related inflammatory responses and tissue damage. Syk kinase, widely expressed in hematopoietic cells, is a nonreceptor tyrosine kinase that is involved in coupling activated immunoreceptors to signal downstream events that mediate diverse cellular responses, including proliferation, differentiation, and phagocytosis. 
it is a cyclic monoterpene ketone that is camphor bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 5. It is a bornane monoterpenoid and a cyclic monoterpene ketone. It derives from a camphor. 
it is a member of the class of xanthones that is 9H-xanthene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 8, an oxo group at position 9 and a carboxy group at position 1. It has been isolated from Chaetomium globosum. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a member of xanthones, a member of phenols and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 
1-Pyrimidinylpiperazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-arylpiperazines. These are organic compounds containing a piperazine ring where the nitrogen ring atom carries an aryl group. 1-Pyrimidinylpiperazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). 1-Pyrimidinylpiperazine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 1-pyrimidinylpiperazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as odorless, white powder or colorless, crystalline solid. Crystals sometimes have a blue, gray or reddish tinge or can be brick red. Density: 2.96 g cm-3. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Neoplasms, Solid Tumors, Breast Cancer, and Ovarian Cancer, among others. 
it is an enone that is cyclohex-2-en-1-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4, methoxy groups at positions 2 and 3, a methyl group at position 6 and a (2E,6E)-3,7,11-trimethyldodeca-2,6,10-trien-1-yl group at position 5 (the 4R,5R,6R stereoisomer). It is isolated from the solid-state fermented mycelium of the fungus Antrodia camphorata and has been found to exhibit potent cytotoxicity against a number of human cancer cell lines. However, a synthesis-enabled biological re-examination published in 2016, revealed minimal in vitro and in vivo antitumour activity in preclinical models. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a fungal metabolite. It is an enone, a secondary alcohol and an enol ether. 
Collodion is a pale yellow syrupy liquid with an ether-like odor. Floats on water. Produces an irritating vapor. Immiscible with water. Boiling point is around 94Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is a (1->4)-beta-D-glucan compound formed by nitrating cellulose through exposure to nitric acid or another powerful nitrating agent. It has a role as a tissue adhesive and an explosive. It derives from a (1->4)-beta-D-glucan. 
it is a pentahydroxyflavone that is quercetin substituted by a methyl group at position 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a metabolite. It is a pentahydroxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. It derives from a quercetin. 
A fluorescent probe with low toxicity which is a potent substrate for ATP BINDING CASSETTE TRANSPORTER, SUBFAMILY B, MEMBER 1 and the bacterial multidrug efflux transporter. It is used to assess mitochondrial bioenergetics in living cells and to measure the efflux activity of ATP BINDING CASSETTE TRANSPORTER, SUBFAMILY B, MEMBER 1 in both normal and malignant cells. (Leukemia 1997;11(7):1124-30) 
it is a diphenyldiazene compound having two amino substituents at the 2- and 4-positions and an aminosulphonyl substituent at the 4'-position. It was the first antibacterial drug, (introduced 1935) and the first of the sulfonamide antibiotics. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a member of azobenzenes and a sulfonamide. It derives from a sulfanilamide. 
it, also known as it or 2-carbamoylaniline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as its. These are aromatic compound containing a benzene carboxamide moiety that carries an amine group at the 2-position of the benzene ring. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it(4-), also known as 3'-phosphonatoadenosine 5'-phosphosulfate or paps, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine ribonucleoside 3', 5'-bisphosphates. These are purine ribobucleotides with one phosphate group attached to 3' and 5' hydroxyl groups of the ribose moiety. it(4-) is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 3'-phosphonato-5'-adenylyl sulfate(4-) can be found in a number of food items such as celery leaves, millet, agave, and cucumber. This makes 3'-phosphonato-5'-adenylyl sulfate(4-) a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor antagonist and an opioid analgesic. It derives from a hydride of a morphinan. it is a synthetic mixed opioid agonist-antagonist with analgesic properties. Although its exact mechanism has not been fully delineated, it is hypothesized that upon administration, it binds to kappa receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby inhibiting the release of neurotransmitters that mediate pain, such as substance P. Additionally, it exerts post-synaptic inhibitory effects on interneurons and output neurons of the spinothalamic tract, responsible for transporting nociceptive information. Compared to other opioid agents that stimulate mu receptors, it antagonizes mu receptors, thereby potentially producing less intense respiratory depression. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is cyclopropanecarboxylic acid that is substituted by a 3,5-dichlorophenylcarbamoyl group at position 1. It is a plant growth regulator which is used as a cotton harvest aid. It has a role as a plant growth regulator and a fungicide. It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of cyclopropanes, an anilide and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it is an imidazolidinone-based aldosterone antagonist with potassium-sparing diuretic activity. it antagonizes aldosterone at the mineralocorticoid receptor in the kidneys, thereby increasing sodium excretion and inhibiting potassium excretion. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an ether-like odor. Slightly soluble in water and slightly denser than water. Flash point below 70Â°F. Vapors denser than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid consisting of 3,5-dihydrothiophene-4-carboxylic acid having a 6-hydroxybenzothiazol-2-yl group at the 2-position. It has a role as a it. It is a member of benzothiazoles, a 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid and an imidothioate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of an ent-it. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is 5-fluoro-3-phenylquinazolin-4-one in which the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a (1S)-1-(3H-purin-6-ylamino)propyl group. used for for the treatment of refractory indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and relapsed chronic lymphocytic leukemia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of purines, an organofluorine compound, a member of quinazolines, an aromatic amine and a secondary amino compound. it is an orally bioavailable, small molecule inhibitor of the delta isoform of the 110 kDa catalytic subunit of class I phosphoinositide-3 kinase (PI3K) with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits the production of the second messenger phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate (PIP3), preventing the activation of the PI3K signaling pathway and inhibiting tumor cell proliferation, motility, and survival. Unlike other isoforms of PI3K, PI3K-delta is expressed primarily in hematopoietic lineages. The targeted inhibition of PI3K-delta is designed to preserve PI3K signaling in normal, non-neoplastic cells. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a member of the class of methyl myo-inositols that is cyclohexane-1,2,3,4,5-pentol substituted by a methoxy group at position 6 (the 1R,2R,3S,4S,5R,6S-isomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is an orally active, synthetic, and potent inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. Like other factor Xa inhibitors, it prevents thrombus formation. 
it is a 5'-deoxyribonucleoside compound having adenosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 5'-deoxyribonucleoside and a member of adenosines. It derives from an adenosine. 
it is a member of the class of indanones that is indane in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 4 have been replaced by oxo groups. It is a member of indanones, a beta-diketone and an aromatic ketone. 
it is an azaspiro compound resulting from the formal fusion of position 3 of 6-chloro-oxindole with position 3 of (2R,3SS5S)-3-(3-chloro-2-fluorophenyl)-5-(2,2-dimethylpropyl)-N-[2-(morpholin-4-yl)ethyl]pyrrolidine-2-carboxamide. It is a potent inhibitor of the MDM2-p53 interaction. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer. It is an azaspiro compound, a member of morpholines, a member of oxindoles, a member of pyrrolidines, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a benzenedicarboxylic acid carrying carboxy groups at positions 1 and 4. One of three possible isomers of benzenedicarboxylic acid, the others being phthalic and isophthalic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a terephthalate(1-). 
it is the sodium salt form of micafungin, a semi-synthetic echinocandin derived from a natural product of the fungus Coleophoma empetri with antifungal activity. Micafungin, like other cyclic lipopeptides, noncompetitively inhibits the fungal specific enzyme 1,3-beta-D-glucan synthase, an enzyme essential for the synthesis of the important fungal cell wall component 1,3-beta-D-glucan. By preventing the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, the cell wall is weakened which leads to osmotic lysis and eventually fungal cell death. 
it is an aryl thiol that is thiophenol substituted at position 2 by an amino group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a substituted aniline and an aryl thiol. 
it is a C-terminal boronic acid petide that is N-acetyl-D-phenylalanyl-L-prolyl-L-arginine in which the C-termnal carboxy group has been replaced by a borono (-B(OH)2) group. A thrombin (Factor IIa) inhibitor, thereby acting as an anticoagulant. It has a role as an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor and an anticoagulant. It is a C-terminal boronic acid peptide, a member of acetamides and a member of guanidines. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
it is the hydrate hydrochloride salt form of cefcapene pivalate, a prodrug and third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. After oral administration of it the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active cefcapene. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty alcohols. These are fatty alcohols that have an aliphatic tail of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a carbocyclic fatty acid that is 5-aminoheptanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 10,11-dihydro-5H-dibenzo[a,d][7]annulen-5-yl group. A tricyclic antidepressant, it was never approved in the US and was withdrawn from the French market in 1999 due to concerns over abuse, dependence and severe acne. It has a role as a dopamine uptake inhibitor and an antidepressant. It is a carbocyclic fatty acid, a secondary amino compound, an amino acid and an organic tricyclic compound. It derives from a hydride of a dibenzo[a,d][7]annulene. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is adipic acid substituted with a methyl group at position C-3. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It derives from an adipic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-methyladipate(2-) and a 3-methyladipate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of hydroxyzine, a piperazine histamine H1-receptor antagonist with anti-allergic, antispasmodic, sedative, anti-emetic and anti-anxiety properties. it blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilatation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In addition, hydroxyzine hydrochloride crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts on the histamine H1-receptors in the central nervous system. (NCI05) 
it is an N-acyl-L-arginine that is L-arginine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the alpha-amino group has been replaced by a benzoyl group. It is a N-acyl-L-arginine and a member of benzamides. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is an enantiomer of a N-benzoyl-D-arginine. 
it is a glucocorticoid steroid having a highly oxygenated pregna-1,4-diene structure. It is used mainly in the treatment of asthma and non-infectious rhinitis and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug, a bronchodilator agent and a drug allergen. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a glucocorticoid, a cyclic acetal, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. Upon administration, it binds to intracellular glucocorticoid receptors (GRs) and induces the expression of glucocorticoid-responsive genes that encode for anti-inflammatory mediators, such as certain anti-inflammatory cytokines, including interleukin 10 (IL-10), and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both mediators of inflammation. In addition, it prevents the release of pro-inflammatory cytokines from epithelial cells and macrophages, including interleukin 6 (IL-6), IL-8, interferon-beta (IFNb), and inhibits nuclear factor kappa-B (NF-kB) activation thereby decreasing NF-kB-mediated inflammation. 
it is a tertiary amine in which the nitrogen is substituted by methyl, alpha-naphthylmethyl, and (1E)-cinnamyl groups. It is used (usually as its hydrochloride salt) for the treatment of fungal skin infections. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a member of naphthalenes, a tertiary amine and an allylamine antifungal drug. it is a topical, synthetic allylamine derivate similar to terbinafine with broad-spectrum antifungal activity. it can be fungicidal or fungistatic depending on the concentration and the organisms involved. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-prenylated xanthones. These are organic compounds containing a C5-isoprenoid group linked to a xanthone moiety at the 8-position. Xanthone is a tricyclic compound made up of two benzene rings linearly fused to each other through a pyran ring that carries a ketone group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
17-O-it is a vinca alkaloid that is vindoline in which the acetate ester group at position 17 has been hydrolysed to give the corresponding secondary alcohol. It is a vinca alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a methyl ester, a tertiary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a vindoline. It is a conjugate base of a 17-O-deacetylvindolinium. 
5, 5-Dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone, also known as 4, 4-dimethyl-2-buten-4-olide or 5, 5-dimethylfuran-2(5H)-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as butenolides. These are dihydrofurans with a carbonyl group at the C2 carbon atom. 5, 5-Dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5, 5-dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5, 5-dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone can be found in fishes and herbs and spices. This makes 5, 5-dimethyl-2(5H)-furanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide obtained by formal condensation between the amino group of cis-4-aminocyclohexanecarboxylic acid and the cyclopentanecarboxylic acid group of 1-[(2S)-2-carboxy-3-(2-methoxyethoxy)propyl]cyclopentanecarboxylic acid. A potent inhibitor of neutral endopeptidase (NEP, neprilysin, EC 3.4.24.11), it is used as its 2,3-dihydro-1H-inden-5-yl ester prodrug in the treatment of chronic heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.4.24.* (metalloendopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 4 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 4-butyl-2-methyloxazole can be found in nuts and potato. This makes 4-butyl-2-methyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Loteprednol Etabonate is the etabonate salt form of loteprednol, an ophthalmic analog of the corticosteroid prednisolone with anti-inflammatory activity. Loteprednol etabonate exerts its effect by interacting with specific intracellular receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. This results in an induction of the synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins while inhibiting the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators. Loteprednol etabonate specifically induces phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins (collectively called lipocortins), which inhibit the release of arachidonic acid, thereby inhibiting the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation, such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4-prenylated xanthones. These are organic compounds containing a C5-isoprenoid group linked to a xanthone moiety at the 4-position. Xanthone is a tricyclic compound made up of two benzene rings linearly fused to each other through a pyran ring that carries a ketone group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and purple mangosteen. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the D isomer of N-acetylglucosamine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a N-acetylglucosamine and a N-acetyl-D-hexosamine. 
it is a pyridine nucleoside consisting of nicotinamide with a beta-D-ribofuranosyl moiety at the 1-position. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a N-glycosylnicotinamide and a pyridine nucleoside. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a penetrating and unpleasant odor. Flash point 170Â°F. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Density 8.0 lb /gal. it is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid that is butane in which one of the terminal methyl groups has been oxidised to a carboxy group. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a fatty acid 4:0. It is a conjugate acid of a butyrate. it is a saturated short-chain fatty acid with a 4-carbon backbone. it is commonly found in esterified form in animal fats and plant oils. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01164033 (A Study of it in Patients With Solid Tumors). MDM2 Antagonist it is an MDM2 (human homolog of double minutes-2; HDM2) antagonist with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to MDM2, thereby preventing the binding of the MDM2 protein to the transcriptional activation domain of the tumor suppressor protein p53. By preventing this MDM2-p53 interaction, the proteasome-mediated enzymatic degradation of p53 is inhibited and the transcriptional activity of p53 is restored, which may result in the restoration of p53 signaling and thus the p53-mediated induction of tumor cell apoptosis. MDM2, a zinc finger protein, is a negative regulator of the p53 pathway; often overexpressed in cancer cells, it has been implicated in cancer cell proliferation and survival. 
it is a cholestanoid that is (5alpha)-cholestan-26-oic acid in which the hydrogens at position 3 are replaced by an oxo group. It is a cholestanoid, a member of its and a 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid. 
it is an azo dye consisting of benzoic acid substituted at position 2 by a 4-[(dimethylamino)phenyl]diazenyl group. It has a role as a dye. It is a member of azobenzenes, a monocarboxylic acid and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as colorless liquid or white solid with a sharp chlorobenzene odor. Melting point 16.95Â°C (62.5Â°F) . (USCG, 1999) it is a trichlorobenzene with chloro substituents at positions 1, 2 and 4. 
it is pentane substituted at the 2- and 3-positions by oxo groups, at the 4- and 5-positions by hydroxy groups and with S stereoconfiguration at C-4. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an alpha-diketone and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-leucine and L-proline residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-leucine and a L-proline. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a 2-hydroxymyristic acid having 2S-configuration. It is a 2-hydroxymyristic acid and a (2S)-2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2S)-2-hydroxytetradecanoate. It is an enantiomer of a (2R)-2-hydroxytetradecanoic acid. 
it, also known as it or leu-ile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. 
it is a lignan that is tetrahydrofuran substituted at positions 2, 3 and 4 by 4-hydroxy-3-methoxyphenyl, hydroxymethyl and 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzyl groups respectively (the 2S,3R,4R-diastereomer). It has a role as an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of oxolanes, a member of phenols, a lignan, a primary alcohol and an aromatic ether. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
it is a it with the chromium cation in the +3 oxidation state. It has a role as a Lewis acid and a sensitiser. 
it is a member of the class of histamine H2-receptor antagonists with antacid activity. Ranitidine is a competitive and reversible inhibitor of the action of histamine, released by enterochromaffin-like (ECL) cells, at the histamine H2-receptors on parietal cells in the stomach, thereby inhibiting the normal and meal-stimulated secretion of stomach acid. In addition, other substances that promote acid secretion have a reduced effect on parietal cells when the H2 receptors are blocked. 
Adderall is a DEA controlled drug. The active ingredient Amphetamine is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. Adderall is classified by the DEA as Stimulants. Street names for Amphetamines are Bennies, Black Beauties, Crank, Ice, Speed, and Uppers. it is the salt of the dextro-isomer of amphetamine and sympathomimetic amine with CNS stimulating properties. Dextroamphetamine sulphate acts by facilitating the release of catecholamines, particularly noradrenaline and dopamine, from nerve terminals in the brain and inhibits their uptake. This leads to an increase in motor activity, causes euphoria, mental alertness and excitement and suppresses appetite. This drug causes dependence and may cause an increase in heart rate and blood pressure. It is used in the treatment of narcolepsy and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. 
it is an unsaturated fatty acyl-CoA resulting from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (9Z)-myristoleic acid. It derives from a myristoleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
Estriol 16-O-(beta-D-glucuronide) is a steroid glucosiduronic acid that is estriol in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a beta-D-glucuronyl residue. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a steroid glucosiduronic acid, a beta-D-glucosiduronic acid, a 3-hydroxy steroid, a member of phenols and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from an estriol. It is a conjugate acid of an estriol 16-O-(beta-D-glucuronide)(1-). 
A schistosomicide possibly useful against other parasites. It has irritant emetic properties and may cause lethal cardiac toxicity among other adverse effects. 
it is a prostaglandins E. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor, a vasodilator agent, an anticoagulant and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is the naturally occurring it (it) which displays a variety of pharmacologic actions. it is a potent vasodilator agent that increases peripheral blood flow, inhibits platelet aggregation, and induces bronchodilation. Used in the treatment of erectile dysfunction, this agent produces corporal smooth muscle relaxation by binding to PGE receptors, resulting in the activation of adenylate cyclase and the subsequent accumulation of 3'5'-cAMP. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glucuronides. These are glucuronides in which the aglycone is linked to the carbohydrate unit through an O-glycosidic bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it and uridine 5'-diphosphate can be biosynthesized from uridine diphosphate glucuronic acid through its interaction with the enzyme UDP-glucuronosyltransferase 2B11. In addition, it can be converted into D-glucuronic acid through the action of the enzyme Beta-glucuronidase. In humans, it is involved in the starch and sucrose metabolism pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the glycogenosis, type iii. cori disease, debrancher glycogenosis pathway, the glycogenosis, type iv. amylopectinosis, anderson disease pathway, the mucopolysaccharidosis vi. sly syndrome pathway, and the glycogenosis, type vi. hers disease pathway. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 1H-benzimidazole substituted by a difluoromethoxy group at position 5 and a [(3,4-dimethoxypyridin-2-yl)methyl]sulfinyl group at position 2. It has a role as an anti-ulcer drug, an EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether, an organofluorine compound and a sulfoxide. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a substituted benzimidazole and proton pump inhibitor with antacid activity. it is a lipophilic weak base that crosses the parietal cell membrane and enters the acidic parietal cell canaliculus where it becomes protonated, producing the active metabolite sulphenamide, which forms an irreversible covalent bond with two sites of the H+/K+-ATPase enzyme located on the gastric parietal cell, thereby inhibiting both basal and stimulated gastric acid production. 
Soyasaponin a1 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. Soyasaponin a1 exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, soyasaponin A1 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, soyasaponin A1 can be found in pulses and soy bean. This makes soyasaponin A1 a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a palmitate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of palmitic acid with the hydroxy group of stearyl alcohol. It has a role as a cosmetic and a coral metabolite. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a wax ester. It derives from an octadecan-1-ol. 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as 3-methylbut-2-enoyl. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 3-methylbut-2-enoic acid and a glycine. 
it is a fluoroalkanoic acid that is perfluorinated undecanoic acid. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It derives from an undecanoic acid. 
2-aminohexano-6-lactam is an amino acid amide obtained by the intramolecular condensation of the terminal amino group with the carboxy group in lysine. It is a member of caprolactams and an amino acid amide. It derives from an epsilon-caprolactam. 
it is a pivalate ester, a glucocorticoid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an antipruritic drug. It derives from a flumethasone. 
it is a diphenylmethane derivative with hypocholesterolemic properties. it increases the activity of cholesterol-7 alpha hydroxylase and lowers serum and liver cholesterol levels, but raises liver triglyceride levels. It also reduces the percentage of esterified cholesterol present in the serum. 
it is an N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-[2-(1-benzofuran-6-carbonyl)]-5,7-dichloro-1,2,3,4-tetrahydroisoquinoline-6-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 3-(methanesulfonyl)-L-phenylalanine. Used for treatment of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome). It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and a lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 antagonist. It is a L-phenylalanine derivative, a sulfone, a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid, a member of isoquinolines and a member of 1-benzofurans. 
2,2&#39;-thiobis(4,6-dichlorophenol) appears as white or grayish white crystalline powder with a very faint aromatic or phenolic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is an aryl sulfide that is diphenyl sulfide in which each phenyl group is substituted at position 2 by hydroxy and at positions 3 and 5 by chlorine. A fungicide and anthelmintic, it was used in various topical drug products for the treatment of liver flukes, but withdrawn after being shown to be a potent photosensitizer with the potential to cause serious skin disorders. It has a role as an antiplatyhelmintic drug and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aryl sulfide, an organochlorine pesticide, a dichlorobenzene, a polyphenol, a bridged diphenyl fungicide and a bridged diphenyl antifungal drug. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate having 8-oxo-7,8-dihydroguanine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a mutagen. It is a conjugate acid of an it(3-). 
Carminic acid appears as dark purplish-brown mass or bright red or dark red powder. Darkens at 248Â°F. Deep red color in water. Yellow to violet in acidic aqueous solutions. (NTP, 1992) 
it is a tertiary amine that is a substituted phenothiazine in which the ring nitrogen at position 10 is attached to C-3 of an N,N-dimethylpropan-2-amine moiety. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, a sedative, an antiemetic, a local anaesthetic, an antipruritic drug, an anti-allergic agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a member of phenothiazines and a tertiary amine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a phenothiazine derivative with antiemetic and antihistaminic properties. it antagonizes the central and peripheral effects of histamine mediated by histamine H1 receptors. The effects include bronchoconstriction, vasodilation and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In addition, this agent binds to muscarinic receptors, resulting in anticholinergic and antiemetic activities. 
An antiprotozoal agent produced by Streptomyces cinnamonensis. It exerts its effect during the development of first-generation trophozoites into first-generation schizonts within the intestinal epithelial cells. It does not interfere with hosts' development of acquired immunity to the majority of coccidial species. Monensin is a sodium and proton selective ionophore and is widely used as such in biochemical studies. 
it is a thiol comprising a panthothenate unit in phosphoric anhydride linkage with a 3',5'-adenosine diphosphate unit; and an aminoethanethiol unit. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a coenzyme. It derives from an ADP. It is a conjugate acid of a coenzyme A(4-). it is a coenzyme containing pantothenic acid, adenosine 3-phosphate 5-pyrophosphate, and cysteamine; involved in the transfer of acyl groups, notably in transacetylations. 
2-Hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethoxybenzoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. 2-Hydroxy-3, 4, 5-trimethoxybenzoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is the 3-O-sulfo derivative of glycolithocholic acid. It is a steroid sulfate and a bile acid glycine conjugate. It derives from a glycolithocholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a sulfoglycolithocholate(2-) and a sulfoglycolithocholate anion. 
it is a phosphonic acid having a hydroxymethyl group attached to the phosphorus. It has a role as an EC 3.11.1.3 (phosphonopyruvate hydrolase) inhibitor. It is a member of phosphonic acids and a one-carbon compound. It derives from a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a hydroxymethylphosphonate(1-). 
it is a nucleoside analogue that is adenosine in which the nitrogen at position 7 is replaced by a carbamoyl-substituted carbon. It is a potent inhibitor of protein kinase C. It has a role as a protein kinase inhibitor. It derives from an adenosine. 
it is a methoxyflavanone that is flavanone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 7 and 4' and a hydroxy group at position 6. It is a monohydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones. It derives from a flavanone. 
it is an aminouracil in which the ring hydrogens at positions 5 and 6 on uracil have been replaced by amino groups. It is a pyrimidone, an aminouracil and a diamine. 
it is a hydroxyphenylalanine that is L-phenylalanine with a substituent hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyphenylalanine, a L-phenylalanine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of phenols. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. About the same density as water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. May be toxic by ingestion and skin absorption. 
Strongly irritates skin. Contact may destroy or irreversibly alter skin tissue. Very toxic by ingestion, inhalation, or by skin absorption. Combustible, though may be difficult to ignite. 
it is a 1,8-naphthyridine derivative that is 1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine with an ethyl group at the 1 position, a carboxy group at the 3-position, an oxo sustituent at the 4-position, a fluoro substituent at the 5-position and a piperazin-1-yl group at the 7 position. An antibacterial, it is used in the treatment of urinary-tract infections and gonorrhoea. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an amino acid, a 1,8-naphthyridine derivative, a N-arylpiperazine, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is serine in which the alcoholic hydroxy group has been formally oxidised to the corresponding formyl group. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and an alanine derivative. It derives from a serine. 
it is a metalloporphyrin that is sirohydrochlorin in which the four nitrogen atoms are bound to a central cobalt atom. It derives from a sirohydrochlorin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
6, 7-Dihydroxy-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one, also known as 6, 7-dihydroxy-4'-methoxyisoflavanone or 6, 7-DH-4'-mi, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. 6, 7-Dihydroxy-3-(4-methoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a member of the class of phenylacetic acids that is the 4-O-methyl ether of (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a member of phenols and a member of phenylacetic acids. It derives from a (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Inhalation of high concentrations may have a narcotic effect. Used to make other chemicals. it is a it with unsaturation at positions 1, 3 and 5. It is an annulene and a it. 
it is an azulenofuran that is 3-methylidene-3,3a,4,5,9a,9b-hexahydroazuleno[4,5-b]furan-2,7-dione carrying additional hydroxy, methyl and hydroxymethyl substituents at positions 4, 6 and 9 respectively (the 3aR,4S,9aS,9bR-diastereomer). Found in chicory. It has a role as an antimalarial, a sedative and a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene lactone, an azulenofuran, a cyclic terpene ketone, an enone, a primary alcohol and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a member of pyridines and a member of piperazines. it is a piperazine-based nonselective serotonin (5-HT) receptor agonist with antidepressant and oxytocic activities. it targets and binds to serotonin receptors, particularly to the 5HT2A and 5HT3 receptors. Serotonin receptor activation by it may lead to smooth muscle contraction and antidepressant effects. 
it is a branched-chain fatty acid that is 2-methylbutyric acid substituted at C-2 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a branched-chain fatty acid. It derives from a 2-methylbutyric acid. 
it is a cyclic hydroxamic acid that is DIMBOA attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 2 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cyclic hydroxamic acid, a benzoxazine and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a DIMBOA. 
The reaction product of bisphenol A and glycidyl methacrylate that undergoes polymerization when exposed to ultraviolet light or mixed with a catalyst. It is used as a bond implant material and as the resin component of dental sealants and composite restorative materials. 
Octanamine appears as a yellow liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is an 8-carbon primary aliphatic amine. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is an ethyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of pyraflufen with ethanol. A proherbicide for pyraflufen, it is used for the control of broad-leaved weeds and grasses in a variety of crops. It has a role as an EC 1.3.3.4 (protoporphyrinogen oxidase) inhibitor, a proherbicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of pyrazoles, a biaryl, an ethyl ester, an aromatic ether, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of monofluorobenzenes. It derives from a pyraflufen. 
A long-acting barbiturate that depresses most metabolic processes at high doses. It is used as a hypnotic and sedative and may induce dependence. Barbital is also used in veterinary practice for central nervous system depression. 
it is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is tryptophan in which the hydrogen at position 5 on the indole ring is replaced by a fluoro group. It is a tryptophan derivative, an organofluorine compound and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
Beta-Alanyl-CoA, also known as B-alanyl-coa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Beta-Alanyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Beta-Alanyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, Beta-alanyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
A potent androgenic steroid and major product secreted by the LEYDIG CELLS of the TESTIS. Its production is stimulated by LUTEINIZING HORMONE from the PITUITARY GLAND. In turn, testosterone exerts feedback control of the pituitary LH and FSH secretion. Depending on the tissues, testosterone can be further converted to DIHYDROTESTOSTERONE or ESTRADIOL. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is trianion of (2-amino-4-hydroxy-7,8-dihydropteridin-6-yl)methyl diphosphate arising from deprotonation of the three diphosphate OH groups. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a (2-amino-4-hydroxy-7,8-dihydropteridin-6-yl)methyl trihydrogen diphosphate. It is a tautomer of a it(3-). 
Benztropine Mesylate is a synthetic antiparkinson tertiary amine structurally related to atropine, Benztropine Mesylate acts as a central muscarinic antagonist and inhibits dopamine uptake. With antihistaminic and local anesthetic properties as well, it is indicated for symptomatic relief of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions. (NCI04) 
17beta-hydroxyestr-5(10)-en-3-one is a 3-oxo steroid that is estr-5(10)-ene substituted by an oxo group at position 3 and a beta-hydroxy group at position 17. It is a 3-oxo steroid and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it is a member of the class of 7-hydroxyisoflavones that is 7-hydroxyisoflavone which is substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 5 and a methoxy group at position 4'. A phytoestrogen, it has putative benefits in dietary cancer prophylaxis. It has a role as a phytoestrogen, a plant metabolite, an EC 3.5.1.99 (fatty acid amide hydrolase) inhibitor, a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones and a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Phosphoribosylformiminoaicar-phosphate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-ribosyl-imidazolecarboxamides. These are organic compounds containing the imidazole ring linked to a ribose ring through a 1-2 bond. Phosphoribosylformiminoaicar-phosphate is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Phosphoribosylformiminoaicar-phosphate exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Phosphoribosylformiminoaicar-phosphate participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Phosphoribosylformiminoaicar-phosphate can be biosynthesized from phosphoribosyl-AMP through the action of the enzyme histidine biosynthesis trifunctional protein. In addition, Phosphoribosylformiminoaicar-phosphate can be converted into phosphoribulosylformimino-aicar-p through its interaction with the enzyme 1-(5-phosphoribosyl)-5-[(5-phosphoribosylamino)methylideneamino] imidazole-4-carboxamide isomerase. 
3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid, also known as 4'-hydroxycinnamic acid or beta-[4-hydroxyphenyl]acrylic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycinnamic acids. Hydroxycinnamic acids are compounds containing an cinnamic acid where the benzene ring is hydroxylated. 3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is also a parent compound for other transformation products, including but not limited to, p-coumaroylagmatine, 4-p-coumaroylquinic acid, and 3-p-coumaroylquinic acid. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is an orange crystalline powder. Almost odorless and tasteless. (NTP, 1992) it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 8. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. it is a reddish, synthetic anthraquinone derivative. it has been widely used as a laxative, but is no longer used to treat constipation and is currently used as an antioxidant in synthetic lubricants, in the synthesis of experimental antitumor agents, as a fungicide and as an intermediate for making dyes. This substance is a suspected mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
it is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as dodecanoyl (lauroyl). It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
6-sulfo-D-quinovose is a carbohydrate sulfonate that is D-quinovose (6-deoxy-D-glucose) in which one of the methyl hydrogens at position 6 is replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a D-quinovose. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-sulfo-D-quinovose(1-). 
Alpha-L-Fucp-(1->2)-beta-D-Galp-(1->3)-[alpha-L-Fucp-(1->4)]-beta-D-GlcpNAc is an alpha-L-Fucp-(1->2)-beta-D-Galp-(1->3)-[alpha-L-Fucp-(1->4)]-D-GlcNAc where the glucosamine at the reducing end has beta-configuration at its anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope. 
3, 4-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione, also known as fema 3268, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. 3, 4-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 4-dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3, 4-Dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione is a sweet, anise, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 3, 4-dimethyl-1, 2-cyclopentanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a complex organic heteropentacyclic compound that is a hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor used in combination with sofosbuvir (under the brand name Epclusa) for treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis C of all six major genotypes. It has a role as an antiviral drug and a hepatitis C virus nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a N-acylpyrrolidine, a L-valine derivative, a carbamate ester, a member of imidazoles, a ring assembly and an ether. it is an orally available inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) non-structural protein 5A (NS5A) replication complex, with potential activity against HCV genotypes 1-6. Although the exact mechanism of action of it has not yet been completely determined, upon oral administration and intracellular uptake, it appears to bind to domain I of the NS5A protein. This inhibits the activity of the NS5A protein and results in the disruption of the viral RNA replication complex, blockage of viral HCV RNA production, and inhibition of viral replication. NS5A, a zinc-binding and proline-rich hydrophilic phosphoprotein, plays a crucial role in HCV RNA replication. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family. 
Actinomycin d appears as bright red rhomboid prisms or red powder. (NTP, 1992) Actinomycin D is an actinomycin. It has a role as a mutagen. it is a chromopeptide antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces parvulus. it intercalates between adjacent guanine-cytosine base pairs, blocking the transcription of DNA by RNA polymerase; it also causes single-strand DNA breaks, possibly via a free-radical intermediate or an interaction with topoisomerase II. (NCI04) 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-proline and L-alanine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4, 2', 4', and 6' and a 3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl group at position 3'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of chalcones and a 2-acyl-4-prenylphloroglucinol. It derives from a trans-chalcone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Potent activator of the adenylate cyclase system and the biosynthesis of cyclic AMP. From the plant Coleus forskohlii. Has antihypertensive, positive inotropic, platelet aggregation inhibitory, and smooth muscle relaxant activities; also lowers intraocular pressure and promotes release of hormones from the pituitary gland. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy and sulfino groups of 3-sulfinylpyruvic acid. Major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is an organosulfinate oxoanion and a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 3-sulfinylpyruvic acid. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy and one of the phosphate OH groups of glyphosate. It is a conjugate base of a glyphosate and a glyphosate(1-). 
it is a it. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a hydroxidodioxidosulfidosulfate(1-). It is a tautomer of a sulfurothioic O-acid. 
it is 3H-2,1-Benzoxathiole 1,1-dioxide in which both of the hydrogens at position 3 have been substituted by 4-hydroxyphenyl groups. A pH indicator changing colour from yellow below pH 6.8 to bright pink above pH 8.2, it is commonly used as an indicator in cell cultures and in home swimming pool test kits. It is also used in the (now infrequently performed) it (PSP) test for estimation of overall blood flow through the kidney. It has a role as a two-colour indicator, an acid-base indicator and a diagnostic agent. It is a 2,1-benzoxathiole, a member of phenols, a sultone and an arenesulfonate ester. 
it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)-it and esit. An antispasmodic used for the treatment of overactive bladder. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, a muscle relaxant, an antispasmodic drug, a parasympatholytic, a calcium channel blocker and a local anaesthetic. It is a tertiary amino compound and a racemate. It contains an esit and a (R)-it. it is a tertiary amine possessing antimuscarinic and antispasmodic properties. it blocks muscarinic receptors in smooth muscle, hence inhibiting acetylcholine binding and subsequent reduction of involuntary muscle contractions. it is used to reduce bladder contractions by relaxing bladder smooth muscle. 
it is a member of the class of tetracenequinones that is tetracene-5,12-dione in which the hydrogens at positions 1, 3, 8, 10, and 11 have been replaced by hydroxy groups. Isolated from Paecilomyces. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, a fungal metabolite and an intercalator. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is an orally active semisynthetic vinca alkaloid with potential antineoplastic activity. Like other vinca alkaloid compounds, vinzolidine binds to and stabilizes tubulin molecules, thereby interfering with microtubule assembly/disassembly dynamics. As a result, vinzolidine prevents mitotic spindle formation and leads to cell cycle arrest in metaphase. 
it is an N-acylurea in which the acyl substituent is 2-ethyl-3-methylpentanoyl. A monoureide sedative, it has a duration of hypnotic effect similar to that of the short-acting barbiturates. It has a role as a sedative. 
Copper (i) bromide appears as white powder or crystal. Turns green to dark blue on exposure to sunlight. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzophenones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone attached to two phenyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 3-(4-chlorophenyl)-1-phenylpyrazol-4-yl group. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of pyrazoles and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Bleomycin appears as colorless or yellowish powder. Possible bluish color depending on copper content. (NTP, 1992) it is the primary bleomycin species in bleomycin sulfate, a mixture of the sulfate salts of several basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. it forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. (NCI04) Bleomycin Sulfate is a mixture of the sulfate salts of basic glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin sulfate forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. Bleomycin is a mixture of glycopeptide antineoplastic antibiotics isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces verticillus. Bleomycin forms complexes with iron that reduce molecular oxygen to superoxide and hydroxyl radicals which cause single- and double-stranded breaks in DNA; these reactive oxygen species also induce lipid peroxidation, carbohydrate oxidation, and alterations in prostaglandin synthesis and degradation. 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is a member of the drug class known as statins, used primarily for lowering blood cholesterol and for preventing cardiovascular diseases. It has a role as an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is an aromatic amide, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a statin (synthetic), a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of pyrroles. It derives from a heptanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). it is a synthetic lipid-lowering agent. it competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. it also increases the number of LDL receptors on hepatic cell surfaces to enhance uptake and catabolism of LDL and reduces LDL production and the number of LDL particles. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels and modulates immune responses by suppressing MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. (NCI04) 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as benzoyl. It has a role as a uremic toxin and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-benzoylglycinate. it is an acyl glycine produced by the conjugation of benzoic acid and glycine, found as a normal component in urine as a metabolite of aromatic compounds from food. Increased urine it content may have antibacterial effects. 
it is an iron coordination entity composed from Fe(3+) cations and diphosphate(4-) anions in a 4:3 ratio. It contains a diphosphate(4-). 
4-Acetylimidazo[4, 5-c]pyridine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as imidazo-[4, 5-c]pyridines. These are organic heterocyclic compounds containing an imidazo-[4, 5-c]pyridine ring system. Imidazo-[4, 5-c]pyridine consists of an imidazole ring fused to a pyridine, so that the three ring nitrogen atoms are at the 1-, 2-, and 5-position, respectively. 4-Acetylimidazo[4, 5-c]pyridine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-acetylimidazo[4, 5-c]pyridine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a chemical by-product resulting from the manufacture of Sarin (GB), a nerve gas that was produced by the Army in the 1950s. A chemical by-product is a chemical that is formed while making another substance. Sarin was produced and stored only in the Rocky Mountain Arsenal outside of Denver, Colorado. Production of Sarin in the United States was discontinued in 1957. it is not known to occur naturally in the environment. It is not likely to be produced in the United States in the future because of the signing of a chemical treaty that bans the use, production, and stockpiling of poison gases. it is a colorless liquid. Other names for it are DIMP, diisopropyl methane-phosphonate, phosphonic acid, and methyl-bis-(1-methylethyl)ester. it is an organic phosphonate that is the diisopropyl ester of methylphosphonic acid. It derives from a methylphosphonic acid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Very slightly soluble in water. Less dense less than water. Vapors heavier than air. Difficult to ignite. Moderately toxic. Contact with liquid may cause a chemical burn. Vapors may irritate respiratory tract. Used in the manufacture of rubber, resins, and dyes. 
it is a bromoalkane consisting of cyclododecane bearing six bromo substituents at positions 1, 2, 5, 6, 9 and 10. It has a role as a flame retardant, a neurotoxin, a persistent organic pollutant and a xenobiotic. It is a bromoalkane and a bromohydrocarbon. 
it appears as a colorless watery liquid with a sweet odor. Less dense than water. Insoluble in water. Irritating vapor. (USCG, 1999) it is a xylene substituted by methyl groups at positions 1 and 3. 
N-formimidoyl-L-glutamic acid is the N-formimidoyl derivative of L-glutamic acid It is a L-glutamic acid derivative and a dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-formimidoyl-L-glutamate(2-) and a N-formimidoyl-L-glutamate(1-). 
it is the L-enantiomer of 5-hydroxytryptophan. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 5-hydroxytryptophan, a hydroxy-L-tryptophan and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is an enantiomer of a 5-hydroxy-D-tryptophan. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is an aromatic amino acid with antidepressant activity. In vivo, it (or 5-hydroxytryptophan) is converted into 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT or serotonin) as well as other neurotransmitters. it may exert its antidepressant activity via conversion to serotonin or directly by binding to serotonin (5-HT) receptors within the central nervous system (CNS). Endogenous it is produced from the essential amino acid L-tryptophan. The exogenous therapeutic form is isolated from the seeds of the African plant Griffonia simplicifolia. 
Cupric tartrate appears as a green to blue odorless powder. Insoluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is noncombustible. Used for electroplating metals. 
When pure, a colorless oily liquid solidifying at -13Â°C. Impurities cause colors ranging from brown to violet. Faint odor of geranium. Irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes at concentrations below the threshold of odor. Very toxic; used as a war gas. Produces severe vesication (blistering) even through rubber (Merck); absorbed through the skin to produce seven systemic effects. Antidote: dimercaprol (British Anti-it). Prolonged exposure of container to fire or intense heat may result in violent rupturing and rocketing of container. 
it is a peptide-drug conjugate containing the taxane paclitaxel covalently linked to the proprietary 19 amino acid peptide angiopep-2, in a 3:1 ratio, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it, via angiopep-2 moiety, binds to LRP-1 (low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 1), which is highly expressed in blood brain barrier (BBB) and glioma cells. This binding allows the transcytosis of the agent across the BBB and the delivery of the cytotoxic agent paclitaxel. Compared to paclitaxel alone, GRN1005 is able to increase the concentration of paclitaxel in the brain and is also able to specifically deliver paclitaxel to LRP-1-overexpressing tumor cells, both in the brain and in the periphery. 
it is an off-white to yellow crystalline powder. Practically odorless. Tasteless at first with a bitter aftertaste. (NTP, 1992) it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-one substituted by a chloro group at position 7, a methyl group at position 1 and a phenyl group at position 5. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, an anxiolytic drug, an anticonvulsant and a sedative. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and an organochlorine compound. it is a benzodiazepine derivative with anti-anxiety, sedative, hypnotic and anticonvulsant properties. it potentiates the inhibitory activities of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) by binding to the GABA receptor, located in the limbic system and the hypothalamus. This increases the frequency of chloride channel opening, allowing the flow of chloride ions into the neuron and ultimately leading to membrane hyperpolarization and a decrease in neuronal excitability. 
it is an aryl phosphate that is indoxyl phopshate in which the indole moiety is substituted at positions 4 and 5 by chlorine and bromine, respectively. It is used to test for the presence of an enzyme, alkaline phosphatase, which cleaves the phosphate group to give 5-bromo-4-chloroindoxyl, which immediately dimerises to give an intensely blue product. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an organochlorine compound, an organobromine compound, a member of indoles and an aryl phosphate. It derives from an indoxyl. 
A physiologically active metabolite of VITAMIN D. The compound is involved in the regulation of calcium metabolism, alkaline phosphatase activity, and enhancing the calcemic effect of CALCITRIOL. 
it appears as a clear colorless gas with an ethereal odor with a flash point below 0Â°F. Liquid less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air.  May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If the polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently.  Vapors very toxic. Vapors irritate the eyes, skin, and respiratory system. Prolonged skin contact may result in delayed burns.   Used to make other chemicals, as a fumigant and industrial sterilant. it is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent that is a three-membered heterocycle of two carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, an allergen and a mutagen. It is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent, an oxacycle and a gas molecular entity. Colorless, odorless, flammable, toxic gaseous cyclic ether with a sweet ether-like smell. it is used especially in the synthesis of ethylene glycol and as a sterilizing agent for medical supplies and foods, as a fumigant and as an insecticide. Exposure to this substance is highly irritating to the eyes, skin and respiratory tract, induces nausea and vomiting and causes central nervous system depression. it is mutagenic in humans and chronic exposure is associated with an increased risk of leukemia, stomach cancer, pancreatic cancer and non-Hodgkin lymphoma. (NCI05) 
it is an indolyl carbohydrate that is the beta-D-glucoside of 3-hydroxy-1H-indole in which the indole moiety is substituted at positions 4 and 5 by chlorine and bromine, respectively. It is used to test for the presence of an enzyme, beta-glucosidase, which cleaves the glycosidic bond to give 5-bromo-4-chloro-3-hydroxy-1H-indole, which immediately dimerises to give an intensely blue product. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an indolyl carbohydrate, an organobromine compound, an organochlorine compound, a D-aldohexose derivative and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from an indoxyl. 
it is an optically active form of cysteine having D-configuration. It is a cysteine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a itium. It is a conjugate acid of a itate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-cysteine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. Cysteine is a non-essential sulfur-containing amino acid in humans, related to cystine, Cysteine is important for protein synthesis, detoxification, and diverse metabolic functions. Found in beta-keratin, the main protein in nails, skin, and hair, Cysteine is important in collagen production, as well as skin elasticity and texture. Also required in the manufacture of amino acid taurine, Cysteine is a component of the antioxidant glutathione, and plays a role in the metabolism of essential biochemicals such as coenzyme A, heparin, and biotin. (NCI04) 
Caspofungin (brand name Cancidas worldwide) is an antifungal drug and the first member of a new drug class called the echinocandins, as coined by Merck & Co., Inc. It is typically administered intravenously. It shows activity against infections with Aspergillus and Candida, and works by inhibiting Î²(1,3)-D-Glucan of the fungal cell wall. Caspofungin is an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. Caspofungin inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
it is a member of guanidinoethyl methyl phosphates. It is a conjugate acid of a N'-phosphonatoguanidinoethyl methyl phosphate(2-). 
it appears as a white or yellow crystalline solid (melting point 70.1 deg C) or a solution of the solid. Density 1.651 g /cm3 . Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. it is a phosphorus oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a dihydrogenphosphite. It is a tautomer of a phosphonic acid. 
6,7-didehydro-17beta-estradiol is a 3-hydroxy steroid that is obtained by formal dehydrogenation across positions 6 and 7 of 17beta-estradiol. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
Hydroxystilbamidine Isethionate is the isethionate salt form of hydroxystilbamidine, a cationic dye with antifungal, antitrypanosomal, antimalarial, and carcinostatic activities. Hydroxystilbamidine is able to bind to DNA and RNA in a non-intercalating manner, and is a powerful inhibitor of ribonucleases, thereby impeding cellular processes in protozoa. This agent was also shown to bind to lysosomes and induced a large number of lysosome-like bodies and secretion granules in trypanosome. 
2-(3, 5-Dimethoxyphenyl)acetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dimethoxybenzenes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a monocyclic benzene moiety carrying exactly two methoxy groups. 2-(3, 5-Dimethoxyphenyl)acetic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organic anion obtained by selective deprotonation of the 3- and 5-hydroxy groups of delphinidin; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a biological pigment and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a delphinidin. 
Ethyl octynecarboxylate, also known as it or fema 2448, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Ethyl octynecarboxylate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Ethyl octynecarboxylate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ethyl octynecarboxylate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Ethyl octynecarboxylate has a floral, green, and leaves taste. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as isovaleryl. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N-isovalerylglycinate. 
it is an L-leucine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-leucine with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-leucine derivative. 
it is a straight-chain, C22, long-chain saturated fatty acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a behenate. it is a saturated very long-chain fatty acid with a 22-carbon backbone. it is a major component of ben oil, extracted from the seeds of the moringa tree. 
it is a primary amino compound that is 2-phenylethanamine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a neurotransmitter. It is a member of tyramines and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a m-tyraminium. 
it is a derivative of dipyridamole that is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, with potential antiplatelet activity. it inhibits the hydrolysis of cyclic nucleotides, such as cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP), by cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases; thus, cAMP- and cGMP-dependent processes are potentiated. This leads to the induction of prostacyclin synthesis, the inhibition of thromboxane B2 synthesis and prevention of platelet activation and aggregation. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is pyrazolynate in which the tosylate ester has been hydrolysed to the corresponding hydroxy compound. The active herbicide of the proherbicides pyrazolynate and pyrazoxyfen. It has a role as an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor, an agrochemical, a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor and a herbicide. It is a member of acetophenones, a dichlorobenzene, a member of pyrazoles, an organic hydroxy compound and a pyrazole pesticide. 
it is an O-acylcarnitine having 3-hydroxybutyryl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an O-acylcarnitine, an ammonium betaine and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a carnitine. 
2-deoxy-D-glucose 6-phosphate is a deoxyaldohexose phosphate comprising 2-deoxy-D-glucose having the phosphate group at the 6-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-deoxy-D-glucose 6-phosphate(2-). 
it is an imidothiocarbamic ester that consists of isothiourea in which the thiol hydrogen is substituted by a 2-(imidazol-4-yl)ethyl group. An extremely potent, high affinity agonist at H3 and H4 receptors (Ki values are 0.3 and 2.7 nM respectively). Induces shape change in eosinophils with an EC50 of 25 nM. Centrally active following systemic administration. It has a role as a H3-receptor agonist and a H4-receptor agonist. It is a member of imidazoles and an imidothiocarbamic ester. It is a conjugate base of an it(2+). 
it appears as colorless crystals or light brown powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of thioureas that is the dimethyl ester of (1,2-phenylenedicarbamothioyl)biscarbamic acid. A fungicide effective against a broad spectrum of diseases in fruit, vegetables, turf and other crops including eyespot, scab, powdery mildew and grey mould. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of thioureas, a carbamate ester, a benzimidazole precursor fungicide and a carbamate fungicide. It derives from a 1,2-phenylenediamine. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphate in which the acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as octanoyl. It is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycerol 3-phosphate and an octanoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is tubulosan bearing methoxy groups at positions 10 and 11 and a hydroxy group at the 8' position. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound, a member of beta-carbolines, a member of isoquinolines and a member of phenols. It derives from a hydride of a tubulosan. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of isodecanol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite and a rat metabolite. 
it is an N-acetylmannosamine having D-configuration. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a N-acyl-D-mannosamine, a N-acetyl-D-hexosamine and a N-acetylmannosamine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-butyl-5-methyl-4-propyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-butyl-5-methyl-4-propyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 2-butyl-5-methyl-4-propyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having 5-bromouracil as the pyrimidine component. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate and an organobromine compound. It derives from a uridine 5'-monophosphate. 
it is a C-nitro compound in which the nitro compound is meta to the amino group and para to the methyl group of o-toluidine. It derives from an o-toluidine. 
it, also known as fukiate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is lanosta-8,24-dien-26-al substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 7. Isolated from Ganoderma lucidum and Ganoderma pfeifferi, it exhibits antiviral and cytotoxic activities. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent and an anti-HSV agent. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic terpene ketone, a 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid, a 7-oxo steroid and a steroid aldehyde. It derives from a hydride of a lanostane. 
it, also known as fema 2984, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a bitter, floral, and geranium taste. 
An amino acid formed in vivo by the degradation of dihydrouracil and carnosine. Since neuronal uptake and neuronal receptor sensitivity to beta-alanine have been demonstrated, the compound may be a false transmitter replacing GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID. A rare genetic disorder, hyper-beta-alaninemia, has been reported. 
Beta-D-Glucopyranuronic acid, also known as it or b-D-glucopyranuronate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glucuronides. These are glucuronides in which the aglycone is linked to the carbohydrate unit through an O-glycosidic bond. Beta-D-Glucopyranuronic acid is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, Beta-D-glucopyranuronic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a synthetic, orally bioavailable, small-molecule ghrelin mimetic with appetite-stimulating and anabolic activities. it binds to and stimulates the growth hormone secretagogue receptor (GHSR) centrally, thereby mimicking the appetite-stimulating and growth hormone-releasing effects of ghrelin. Stimulation of GHSR may also reduce the production of the pro-inflammatory cytokines TNF-alpha and interleukin-6, which may play a direct role in cancer-related loss of appetite. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid resulting from the hydrolysis of the ethyl ester group of quinapril to give the corresponding dicarboxylic acid. The active angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACE inhibitor) of the prodrug quinapril. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor, an antihypertensive agent and a vasodilator agent. It is a dicarboxylic acid, a member of isoquinolines and a tertiary carboxamide. 
it is a magnesium salt resulting from the formal reaction of magnesium hydroxide with 2 mol eq. of esomeprazole. An inhibitor of gastric acid secretion, it is used for the treatment of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease, dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease, and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor and an anti-ulcer drug. It contains an esomeprazole(1-). it is the magnesium salt of esomeprazole, the S-isomer of omeprazole, with gastric proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, esomeprazole is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulphenamide; the active sulphenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. 
Serves as the biological precursor of insect chitin, of muramic acid in bacterial cell walls, and of sialic acids in mammalian glycoproteins. 
A sympathomimetic agent that acts predominantly at alpha-1 adrenergic receptors. It has been used primarily as a vasoconstrictor in the treatment of HYPOTENSION. 
Oxidonitrate(1-) is an inorganic anion resulting from the addition of an electron to nitric oxide. It is a nitrogen oxide and a monovalent inorganic anion. 
A drug used in the treatment of angina pectoris, heart failure, conduction defects, and myocardial infarction. It is a partial agonist at beta adrenergic receptors and acts as a coronary vasodilator and cardiotonic agent. 
it is an alkane that is dodecane substituted by methyl groups at positions 2, 7 and 10. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a dodecane. 
Cyclic polypeptide antibiotic from Bacillus colistinus. It is composed of Polymyxins E1 and E2 (or Colistins A, B, and C) which act as detergents on cell membranes. Colistin is less toxic than Polymyxin B, but otherwise similar; the methanesulfonate is used orally. 
it is a member of the class of ureas that is urea in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxymethyl group. 
it is the phosphorothioate obtained by formal condensation of diethyl phosphate with N,N,N-trimethyl-2-sulfanylethanaminium. An irreversible acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, its iodide salt is used an ocular antihypertensive in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma, particularly when other drugs have proved inadequate. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and a miotic. It is an organic thiophosphate, a member of phosphocholines and a quaternary ammonium ion. 
it is a colorless liquid with a mild odor. Dense than water. (USCG, 1999) it is a poly(ethylene glycol) that is octane-1,8-diol in which the carbon atoms at positions 3 and 6 have been replaced by oxygen atoms. It has a role as a plasticiser. It is a poly(ethylene glycol), a diol and a primary alcohol. 
N(alpha)-acetyl-L-arginine is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid that is L-arginine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by an acetyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N(alpha)-acetyl-L-argininate. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a plum-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
it is the sodium salt form of ibandronic acid, a synthetic nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate. Ibandronic acid inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthase, resulting in a reduction in geranylgeranyl GTPase signaling proteins and apoptosis of osteoclasts. This agent increases bone mineral density, decreases bone remodeling, inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption, and reduces metastases-related and corticosteroid-related bone pain. 
it is a proanthocyanidin consisting of three (-)-epicatechin units joined by two successive (4beta->8)-linkages. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor and an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor. It is a hydroxyflavan, a proanthocyanidin and a polyphenol. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin. 
it is a member of the class of indoles that is 5-chloro-4-(1H-indol-3-yl)-N-[(3R)-piperidin-3-yl]pyrimidin-2-amine in which the piperidine NH group is substituted by a 4-{[(2E)-4-(dimethylamino)but-2-enoyl]amino}benzoyl group. It is a first-in-class CDK12 and CDK13 covalent kinase inhibitor with IC50 of 158 nM and 69 nM, respectively. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of indoles, an organochlorine compound, a N-acylpiperidine, an aminopyrimidine, an enamide, a secondary carboxamide and a secondary amino compound. 
it is a serine derivative that is L-serine substituted at the beta-position by a 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl group. A prodrug for noradrenalone, it is used for treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension It has a role as a prodrug, a vasoconstrictor agent and an antihypertensive agent. It is a catechol and a L-tyrosine derivative. 
it is the ring-opened aldehydo-form of D-galactose 6-phosphate. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an aldehydo-D-galactose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
A nonapeptide that contains the ring of OXYTOCIN and the side chain of ARG-VASOPRESSIN with the latter determining the specific recognition of hormone receptors. Vasotocin is the non-mammalian vasopressin-like hormone or antidiuretic hormone regulating water and salt metabolism. 
it is a fourteen-membered heterodetic cyclic peptide comprising the sequence Ala-Gly-Cys-Lys-Asn-Phe-Phe-Trp-Lys-Thr-Phe-Thr-Ser-Cys cyclised by a disulfide bridge between the two Cys residues at positions 3 and 14. It is a heterodetic cyclic peptide and a peptide hormone. Recombinant it is a recombinant peptide chemically identical or similar to endogenous somatostatin. it is a cyclic tetradecapeptide regulating many endocrine and nervous system functions. it inhibits release of adenohypophyseal growth hormone, thyrotropin and corticotropin, pancreatic insulin and glucagon, gastric mucosal gastrin, intestinal mucosal secretin, and renal renin by binding to specific somatostatin receptors (SSTR), which are cell surface G protein-coupled receptors expressed in a tissue-specific manner. 
it is a novel direct Factor Xa (FXa) inhibitor. It is currently being developed by the French pharmaceutical company Sanofi-Aventis as a treatment for acute coronary syndrome. it is an orally active inhibitor of coagulation factor Xa (activated factor X) with anticoagulant activity. it has a short half-life of 1.5 to 3 hours. 
it is a small molecule and a pan-inhibitor of Bcl-2 family proteins, with pro-apoptotic activity. GX015-070 is a selective antagonist of the BH3-binding groove of the Bcl-2 family proteins, which are frequently overexpressed in cancers including chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). This agent induces/restores apoptosis in cancer cells by inhibiting apoptosis suppressors in multiple members of the Bcl-2 family simultaneously. 
it is zwitterionic form of glutathione amide having an anionic carboxy group and a protonated amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a tautomer of a glutathione amide. 
it is a carotenol that exhibits antioxidant activity. It has been isolated from fruits such as papaya and oranges. It has a role as a provitamin A, an antioxidant, a biomarker and a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. 
11b, 17a, 21-Trihydroxypreg-nenolone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 21-hydroxysteroids. These are steroids carrying a hydroxyl group at the 21-position of the steroid backbone. 11b, 17a, 21-Trihydroxypreg-nenolone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 11b, 17a, 21-Trihydroxypreg-nenolone has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 11b, 17a, 21-trihydroxypreg-nenolone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 11b, 17a, 21-Trihydroxypreg-nenolone participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 11b, 17a, 21-Trihydroxypreg-nenolone can be biosynthesized from 17a, 21-dihydroxypreg-nenolone through its interaction with the enzyme cytochrome P450 11B1. In addition, 11b, 17a, 21-Trihydroxypreg-nenolone and NAD can be biosynthesized from cortisol, nadh, and hydrogen ion; which is catalyzed by the enzyme 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase/delta 5-->4-isomerase type 2. In humans, 11b, 17a, 21-trihydroxypreg-nenolone is involved in the steroidogenesis pathway. 11b, 17a, 21-Trihydroxypreg-nenolone is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency (cyp11b1), the apparent mineralocorticoid excess syndrome pathway, 21-hydroxylase deficiency (cyp21), and corticosterone methyl oxidase II deficiency - cmo II. 
it is a glucosylglycerol consisting of a beta-D-glucosyl residue attached at position 2 of glycerol via a glycosidic bond. It has a role as an Arabidopsis thaliana metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside and a glucosylglycerol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a dimethylbenzoic acid in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 3 and 5. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,5-dimethylbenzoate. 
it, also known as dethylandiamine or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylarylamines. These are aliphatic aromatic amines in which the amino group is linked to two aliphatic chains and one aromatic group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. In humans, it is involved in the metabolic disorder called it H1-antihistamine action pathway. 
it is an organochlorine compound that is 2-chloroacetamide substituted by a 2-methoxyethyl and a 2,6-dimethylphenyl group at the nitrogen atom. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and a herbicide. It is an aromatic amide, an ether and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a beta-diketone that is methane in which two of the hydrogens are substituted by feruloyl groups. A natural dyestuff found in the root of Curcuma longa. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent, a hepatoprotective agent, a flavouring agent, a biological pigment, a nutraceutical, an antifungal agent, a dye, a lipoxygenase inhibitor, a ligand, a radical scavenger, a contraceptive drug, an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an immunomodulator, an iron chelator, a neuroprotective agent, a food colouring, an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor, an EC 1.1.1.25 (shikimate dehydrogenase) inhibitor, an EC 1.1.1.205 (IMP dehydrogenase) inhibitor, an EC 1.6.5.2 [NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor, an EC 1.8.1.9 (thioredoxin reductase) inhibitor and an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a polyphenol, a beta-diketone, an enone, a diarylheptanoid and an aromatic ether. It derives from a ferulic acid. it is a phytopolylphenol pigment isolated from the plant Curcuma longa, commonly known as turmeric, with a variety of pharmacologic properties. it blocks the formation of reactive-oxygen species, possesses anti-inflammatory properties as a result of inhibition of cyclooxygenases (COX) and other enzymes involved in inflammation; and disrupts cell signal transduction by various mechanisms including inhibition of protein kinase C. These effects may play a role in the agent's observed antineoplastic properties, which include inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and suppression of chemically induced carcinogenesis and tumor growth in animal models of cancer. (NCI04) 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is 5,6-dihydronaphthalene-2-sulfonic acid bearing hydroxyimino and oxo substituents at positions 5 and 6 respectively. The trisodium-iron(3+) salt is the biological stain 'naphthol green B'. It is an arenesulfonic acid, a ketoxime and a naphthalenone. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-(oxidoimino)-6-oxo-5,6-dihydronaphthalene-2-sulfonate. 
it is a sulfonamide resulting from the formal condensation 4-chloro-3-(trifluoromethyl)benzenesulfonic acid with 2-chloro-4-nitroaniline. A fungicide, it is used to control Plasmodiophora brassicae in brassicas and Polymyxa betae in sugarbeet. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a sulfonamide, a C-nitro compound, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a sulfonanilide fungicide. 
it is a ginsenoside found in Panax species that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions, in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 20 have been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucopyranosides, and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a ginsenoside, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
Ethyl-n-butylamine appears as a colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point 65Â°F. Vapors much heavier than air. Liquid and vapors strongly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Contact with liquid may cause burns. 
Coagulated exudate isolated from several species of the tropical tree Palaquium (Sapotaceae). It is the trans-isomer of natural rubber and is used as a filling and impression material in dentistry and orthopedics and as an insulator in electronics. It has also been used as a rubber substitute. 
3alpha-hydroxy-5beta-androstan-17-one is an androstanoid that is 5beta-androstane substituted by an alpha-hydroxy group at position 3 and an oxo group at position 17. It is a metabolite of testosterone in mammals. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17-oxo steroid and an androstanoid. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-androstane. it is a 17-ketosteroid which excreted in the urine as a metabolite of steroid hormones. The most common form of it present in the urine is the sulfate salt. This agent, also known as it, may be used to evaluate adrenal cortex function, bone marrow performance and, in neoplastic disease, for immunostimulation. (NCI04) 
it is a fatty nitrile obtained by formal condensation of stearic (octadecanoic) acid with ammonia. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
Phosphoric acid, dimethyl 4-(methylthio) phenyl ester is a colorless liquid. Used as a contact and systemic insecticide and acaricide. (EPA, 1998) 
it, also known as Î±-citronellol or fema 2980, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a floral, geranium, and powdery taste. 
it is a hydroxamic acid derived from phenylacetamide in which the benzene moiety is substituted at C-4 by a butoxy group. It has anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic properties. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an antipyretic. It is a hydroxamic acid and an aromatic ether. 
it is a tetracyclic stilbenoid that is a homodimer obtained by cyclodimerisation of resveratrol. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. It is a polyphenol, a stilbenoid and a carbopolycyclic compound. It derives from a resveratrol. 
it is an ammonium ion that is the conjugate acid of 4-aminobutanal; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an ammonium ion derivative, an organic cation and an omega-ammonioaldehyde. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-aminobutanal. 
it is a drug employed in the treatment of obesity in dogs. It is marketed by Pfizer and Zoetis under the brand name, it, and is not intended for human use. 
it is an inorganic compound used as a laxative, dietary supplement and for electrolyte-replacement purposes. Phosphate, a predominant intracellular anion, plays an important role in energy storage, osteoblastic and osteoclastic activities, regulating serum calcium concentrations, and numerous cellular phosphate-transfer reactions. it increases fluidity of the intestinal contents by retention of water by osmotic forces, thereby indirectly inducing intestinal smooth muscle constriction. it is also used in the renal excretion of hydrogen ions while promoting the reabsorption of sodium ions. 
it is a hydrochloride salt that is obtained by reaction of buclizine with 2 equivalents of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a central nervous system depressant, a local anaesthetic, a histamine antagonist, a cholinergic antagonist and an antiemetic. It contains a buclizine(2+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of buclizine, a piperazine histamine H1 receptor antagonist with primarily antiemetic and antivertigo activities. Buclizine binds to and blocks the histamine H1 receptor, thereby preventing the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity. Buclizine exerts its anti-emetic effect by binding to and blocking the muscarinic and histamine receptors in the vomiting center of the central nervous system (CNS). This may prevent activation of the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ) and may reduce nausea and vomiting. 
it is a thiochromane that is acetylene in which the hydrogens are replaced by 5-carboxypyridin-2-yl and 4,4-dimethylthiochroman-6-yl groups. It is the active form of the prodrug tazarotene. It has a role as a keratolytic drug and a teratogenic agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a thiochromane, a retinoid and a member of pyridines. 
it is a benzamide obtained via formal condensation of 4-hydroxylaminobenzoic acid and 2-(diethylamino)ethylamine; a metabolite in liver microsomes. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a member of benzamides and a member of hydroxylamines. 
it is a pyrimidine nucleoside in which cytosine is attached to ribofuranose via a beta-N(1)-glycosidic bond. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a cytosine. it is a pyrimidine nucleoside comprised of a cytosine bound to ribose via a beta-N1-glycosidic bond. it is a precursor for uridine. Both it and uridine are utilized in RNA synthesis. 
7-(3-aminopyrrolidin-1-yl)-1-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-6-fluoro-4-oxo-1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine-3-carboxylic acid is a 1,8-naphthyridine derivative that is 4-oxo-1,4-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridine-3-carboxylic acid bearing additional 2,4-difluorophenyl, fluoro and 3-aminopyrrolidin-1-yl substituents at positions 1, 6 and 7 respectively. It is a 1,8-naphthyridine derivative, an amino acid, a monocarboxylic acid, an organofluorine compound, an aminopyrrolidine, a tertiary amino compound, a primary amino compound and a quinolone antibiotic. It is a conjugate base of a 1-[6-carboxy-8-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-3-fluoro-5-oxo-5,8-dihydro-1,8-naphthyridin-2-yl]pyrrolidin-3-aminium. 
it is a pyrroloquinoline having oxo groups at the 4- and 5-positions and carboxy groups at the 2-, 7- and 9-positions. It has a role as a water-soluble vitamin and a cofactor. It is a member of orthoquinones, a tricarboxylic acid and a pyrroloquinoline cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is 5-aminohydantoin in which a carbamoyl group is attached to the exocyclic nitrogen. It has a role as a vulnerary, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a member of ureas and an imidazolidine-2,4-dione. It derives from a hydantoin. It is a tautomer of a 1-(5-hydroxy-2-oxo-2,3-dihydroimidazol-4-yl)urea. 
it is an amino oligosaccharide (heptadecasaccharide) in which two alpha-D-mannose residues, each of which has linked to it a trisaccharide sequence of two beta-D-galactose residues and an N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine residue, are linked (1->4) and (1->6) to the mannose residue of a trisaccharide sequence of beta-D-mannose, N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine and N-acetyl-D-glucosamine residues all linked (1->4). It is an amino oligosaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is a trihydroxybenzoate that is the conjugate base of gallic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a gallic acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide that is the mono-(3,4-dichloroanilide) of malonic acid. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a dicarboxylic acid monoamide and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a malonamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-(3,4-dichlorophenyl)malonamate. 
Bifunctional cross-linking agent that links covalently free amino groups of proteins or polypeptides, including those in cell membranes. It is used as reagent or fixative in immunohistochemistry and is a proposed antisickling agent. 
it appears as a yellow granular solid. Mixtures of it and combustible material readily ignited by friction, heat or contact with moisture. Prolonged exposure to fire or heat may cause vigorous decomposition of the material and rupture of the container. Used as a bleach. 
it is a perfluoroalkanesulfonic acid that is butane-1-sulfonic acid in which all of the hydrogens of the butyl group have been replaced by fluorines. It has a role as a surfactant. 
it is an organic disulfide where the organic group specified is allyl. It has been isolated from garlic and other species of the genus Allium. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antifungal agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes consisting of trans-cinnamic acid having a trifluoromethyl substituent at the ortho-position. It is a member of cinnamic acids and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. It derives from a trans-cinnamic acid. 
SCY-078 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mycoses, Candidemia, Candidiasis, Invasive, and Vulvovaginal Candidiasis. it is an intravenous and orally bioavailable semisynthetic derivative of enfumafungin with potential antifungal activity. Upon administration, it inhibits beta-1,3-D-glucan synthase, an enzyme essential for fungal cell wall synthesis. This results in weakening of the fungal cell wall, thereby leading to osmotic lysis and eventually fungal cell death. 
it is the organophosphate oxoanion formed by loss of 2 protons from each of the phosphate groups of 1D-myo-inositol. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate base of a myo-inositol hexakisphosphate. 
it is a nucleoside analogue resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of hexadecanoic acid with the amino group of CNDAC. It is the prodrug of CNDAC and is currently in clinical development for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (AML). It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a prodrug and a DNA synthesis inhibitor. It is a nucleoside analogue, a nitrile and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a CNDAC. it is an orally bioavailable pyrimidine analogue prodrug with potential antineoplastic activity. it is hydrolyzed by amidases to the deoxycytosine analogue CNDAC (2'-Cyano-2'-deoxyarabinofuranosylcytosine), which is then phosphorylated into the active triphosphate form. As an analogue of deoxycytidine triphosphate, CNDAC triphosphate incorporates into DNA strands during replication, resulting in single-stranded DNA breaks during polymerization due to beta-elimination during the fidelity checkpoint process; cell cycle arrest in the G2 phase and apoptosis ensue. The unmetabolized prodrug may exhibit antineoplastic activity as well. 
it is an orally bioavailable small-molecule inhibitor of p38 and Tie2 kinases with potential antineoplastic, anti-inflammatory and antiangiogenic activities. it binds to and inhibits the activities of p38 and Tie2 kinases, which may inhibit the production of proinflammatory cytokines and may decrease tumor angiogenesis and tumor cell growth and survival. p38 is a MAP kinase that is often upregulated in cancer cells, playing a crucial part in the production of a variety of cytokines involved in inflammation and cellular proliferation such as tumor necrosis factor (TNF) and interleukin (IL)-1 and -6. Tie2 is an endothelial cell specific receptor that is activated by angiopoietins, growth factors required for angiogenesis. This agent has also been reported to inhibit other kinases including vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR2) and Src tyrosine kinases. 
it is a C20 polyunsaturated fatty acid having three triple bonds in the 5-, 8- and 11-positions. It has a role as an EC 1.13.11.31 (arachidonate 12-lipoxygenase) inhibitor. It is a polyunsaturated fatty acid, an icosanoid, a long-chain fatty acid and an acetylenic fatty acid. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of glyoxylic acid. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It contains a glyoxylate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as amyl enanthate or amyl heptoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a coconut, ethereal, and fruity taste. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty amides. These are carboxylic acid amide derivatives of fatty acids, that are formed from a fatty acid and an amine. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty amide lipid molecule. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the trisodium salt of citric acid. It has a role as a flavouring agent and an anticoagulant. It contains a citrate(3-). it is the sodium salt of citrate with alkalinizing activity. Upon absorption, it dissociates into sodium cations and citrate anions; organic citrate ions are metabolized to bicarbonate ions, resulting in an increase in the plasma bicarbonate concentration, the buffering of excess hydrogen ion, the raising of blood pH, and potentially the reversal of acidosis. In addition, increases in free sodium load due to it administration may increase intravascular blood volume, facilitating the excretion of bicarbonate compounds and an anti-urolithic effect. 
it is an oxoalkyl phosphate and a member of imidazoles. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it salt (anhydrous) is an organic sodium salt that is the anhydrous form of the disodium salt of ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (EDTA). It has a role as a chelator. It contains an EDTA(2-). 
it sodium appears as crystalline granules or white powder. Used as an anesthetic and sedative. it is a member of the class of barbiturates, the structure of which is that of barbituric acid substituted at C-5 by ethyl and sec-pentyl groups. It has a role as a GABAA receptor agonist. 
Phytol is an acyclic diterpene alcohol and a constituent of chlorophyll. Phytol is commonly used as a precursor for the manufacture of synthetic forms of vitamin E and vitamin K1. Furthermore, phytol also was shown to modulate transcription in cells via transcription factors PPAR-alpha and retinoid X receptor (RXR). 
it is a phosphorus oxoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from the hydroxy group of phosphinic acid. It is a phosphorus oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a phosphinic acid. 
it is an organic chloride salt having methyltrioctylammonium as the cation. It has a role as a phase-transfer catalyst. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains a methyltrioctylammonium. 
17beta-hydroxyandrostan-3-one is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is testosterone in which the 4-5 double bond has been reduced to a single bond with unspecified configuration at position 5. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and a 3-oxo steroid. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the bitartrate salt form of epinephrine, a direct-acting sympathomimetic amine with bronchodilator and vasoconstricting activity. it acts on both alpha and beta adrenergic receptors. By stimulating alpha adrenergic receptors locally, this agent causes vasoconstriction and reduces vascular blood flow. Administered in the conjunctiva, it induces vasoconstriction and decreases the production of aqueous humor mediated through alpha-adrenergic receptors. Through its beta-stimulating actions, this agent relaxes bronchial smooth muscle and causes bronchodilation. 
it is an isocyanate comprising a benzene core with isocyanato and methyl substituents para to each other. It has a role as a hapten and an allergen. It is a member of isocyanates and a member of toluenes. 
it is an L-methionine derivative that is the ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-methionine with ethanol. It has a role as a potassium channel blocker. It is an alpha-amino acid ester and a L-methionine derivative. 
it is an organic sodium salt having 2-{(4-{ethyl[(3-sulfonatophenyl)methyl]amino}phenyl)[4-{ethyl[(3-sulfonatophenyl)methyl]iminio}cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene]methyl}-5-hydroxybenzene-1-sulfonate as the counterion. Used as a substitute for Light green SF yellowish in Masson's trichrome as it is less likely to fade, and is more brilliant in colour. Also used as a food colouring agent. It has a role as a histological dye, a fluorochrome and a food colouring. It contains a it(2-). 
Bryostatin 1 is a macrocyclic lactone isolated from the bryozoan Bugula neritina with antineoplastic activity. Bryostatin 1 binds to and inhibits the cell-signaling enzyme protein kinase C, resulting in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, the promotion of tumor cell differentiation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. This agent may act synergistically with other chemotherapeutic agents. (NCI04) 
Hyperforin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bicyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing exactly 2 rings, which are fused to each other. Hyperforin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, hyperforin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a cinnamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of trans-caffeic acid with the 4-hydroxy group of (+)-quinic acid. It has a role as a metabolite and a hepatoprotective agent. It is a cinnamate ester and a cyclitol carboxylic acid. It derives from a (+)-quinic acid and a trans-caffeic acid. 
Antimony complex where the metal may exist in either the pentavalent or trivalent states. The pentavalent gluconate is used in leishmaniasis. The trivalent gluconate is most frequently used in schistosomiasis. 
it is a member of the class of benzimidazoles that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-benzimidazol-2-one in which the hydrogens at positions 1 and 5 are replaced are replaced by 2-hydroxy-5-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl and trifluoromethyl groups, respectively. It is an opener/activator of the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium channel (Bkca). It has a role as a potassium channel opener. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of phenols and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it is a member of the class of acetophenones that is acetophenone substituted by a methoxy group at position 4. It is a monomethoxybenzene and a member of acetophenones. 
it is a glycinyl ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of glycine with methanol. It has a role as a metabolite. 
N-(2R-Hydroxyhexacosanoyl)-2S-amino-1, 3S, 4R-octadecanetriol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phytoceramides. These are n-acylated 4-hydroxysphinganine. N-(2R-Hydroxyhexacosanoyl)-2S-amino-1, 3S, 4R-octadecanetriol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, N-(2R-hydroxyhexacosanoyl)-2S-amino-1, 3S, 4R-octadecanetriol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), endosome and intracellular membrane. Outside of the human body, N-(2R-hydroxyhexacosanoyl)-2S-amino-1, 3S, 4R-octadecanetriol can be found in mushrooms. This makes N-(2R-hydroxyhexacosanoyl)-2S-amino-1, 3S, 4R-octadecanetriol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a imidazolidine-2,4-dione that is hydantoin substituted by a 2-carboxyethyl group at position 4. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an imidazolidine-2,4-dione and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydantoin. It is a conjugate acid of a hydantoin-5-propionate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hyperparathyroidism and Secondary Hyperparathyroidism. it is an orally available calcium receptor (CaR) modulator, with potential calcimimetic activity. Upon administration, it allosterically binds to and inhibits the activity of CaR, thereby suppressing the production of serum parathyroid hormone (PTH) and prevents the PTH-mediated efflux of calcium from bone and normalizes calcium levels. 
4-(2,6-dichlorobenzamido)-N-(piperidin-4-yl)-pyrazole-3-carboxamide is a member of the class of pryrazoles that is 4-amino-1H-pyrazole-3-carboxylic acid in which the primary amino group has been acylated by a 2,6-dichlorobenzoyl group and in which the carboxylic acid has been converted into a carboxamide by formal condensation with the primary amino group of 4-aminopiperidine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a secondary carboxamide, a member of pyrazoles, a dichlorobenzene and a member of piperidines. 
it is a menaquinone whose side-chain contains 4 isoprene units in an all-trans-configuration. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent and a human metabolite. it is a menaquinone compound and form of it with potential antineoplastic activity. it may act by modulating the signalling of certain tyrosine kinases, thereby affecting several transcription factors including c-myc and c-fos. This agent inhibits tumor cell growth by inducing apoptosis and cell cycle arrest. 
it is a deuterated compound that is is an isotopologue of 3-(trimethylsilyl)propane-1-sulfonic acid (DSS) in which the six hydrogen atoms attached to the carbon chain linking the silicon and the sulfur atoms have been replaced by deuterium. It is often used in NMR spectroscopy (often as the corresponding sodium salt) as a calibration standard - it is much more water soluble that tetramethylsilane, so is often used for studies on proteins in water. It is a deuterated compound and a 3-(trimethylsilyl)propane-1-sulfonic acid. 
it is a bisdioxopiperazines analog with antineoplastic activity. Mitinomide inhibits topoisomerase II and slowly promotes DNA-interstrand cross-linking, thereby inhibiting DNA repair, RNA and protein synthesis. This agent acts without increasing topoisomerase II-DNA covalent cleavable complex formation, as do most topoisomerase inhibitors. (NCI04) 
it, [technically pure] is a crystalline solid. This solid peroxide is particularly heat and contamination sensitive. These materials above a given \ 
it is a 1,2-dithiole that is 3H-1,2-dithiole-3-thione substituted at positions 4 and 5 by methyl and pyrazin-2-yl groups respectively. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimutagen, a protective agent, an antioxidant, an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor, a schistosomicide drug, a neurotoxin and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a 1,2-dithiole and a member of pyrazines. it is a synthetic dithiolethione with potential chemopreventive and anti-angiogenic properties. it induces phase II detoxification enzymes, such as glutathione S transferase (GST) and NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1). The induction of detoxification enzymes enhances the detoxification of certain cancer-causing agents, thereby enhancing their elimination and preventing carcinogen-induced DNA damages. Although the exact mechanism through which the anti-angiogenesis effect remains to be fully elucidated, it maybe able to modulate the expression of a number of angiogenic factors, thereby blocking the sustained and focal neovascularization in multiple tumor cell types. 
Clindamycin is a carbohydrate-containing antibiotic that is the semisynthetic derivative of lincomycin, a natural antibiotic. It has a role as a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a carbohydrate-containing antibiotic, a S-glycosyl compound, a pyrrolidinecarboxamide, an organochlorine compound and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from a lincomycin. Clindamycin is a semisynthetic broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of the parent compound lincomycin. Clindamycin dissociates peptidyl-tRNA from the bacterial ribosome, thereby disrupting bacterial protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is an acetate ester and a tertiary amino compound. It has a role as an opioid analgesic and a mu-opioid receptor antagonist. 
Dicyclohexylammonium nitrite appears as a white to light-colored crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a L-proline derivative in which L-proline is substituted on nitrogen with a (2S)-2-methyl-3-sulfanylpropanoyl group. It is used as an anti-hypertensive ACE inhibitor drug. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and an antihypertensive agent. It is a pyrrolidinemonocarboxylic acid, a N-acylpyrrolidine, an alkanethiol and a L-proline derivative. it is a sulfhydryl-containing analog of proline with antihypertensive activity and potential antineoplastic activity. it competitively inhibits angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE), thereby decreasing levels of angiotensin II, increasing plasma renin activity, and decreasing aldosterone secretion. This agent may also inhibit tumor angiogenesis by inhibiting endothelial cell matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) and endothelial cell migration. it may also exhibit antineoplastic activity independent of effects on tumor angiogenesis. (NCI04) 
it is a methyl ketone that is decane in which the methylene hydrogens at position 2 are replaced by an oxo group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a decane. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is estr-4-ene substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at positions 3 and 17. It is a synthetic anabolic steroid that is used as a dietary supplement by athletes to enhance performance. It has a role as a nutraceutical and a prohormone. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an anabolic androgenic steroid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a diol. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it is a CDP-glycerol that is 2,3-bis-(O-phytanyl)-sn-glycerol (archaeol) having a CDP moiety attached at position 1. It is a member of CDP-glycerols and an ether lipid. It derives from a 2,3-di-O-phytanyl-sn-glycerol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is the L-enantiomer of leucinate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a leucinate and a L-alpha-amino acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a L-leucine. It is an enantiomer of a D-leucinate. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside in which a 2-deoxy-beta-D-ribofuranosyl residue is attached at position 9 of 9H-purine via a glycosidic linkage. It is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside and a purines 2'-deoxy-D-ribonucleoside. 
A chelating agent that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations such as CALCIUM. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. 
Acetyllysine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as n-acyl-alpha amino acids. N-acyl-alpha amino acids are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. Acetyllysine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Acetyllysine has been primarily detected in feces. Within the cell, acetyllysine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Acetyllysine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a dibenzodoazepine substituted with chloro and piperazino groups which is a major metabolite of clozapine; a potent and selective 5-HT2C serotonin receptor antagonist. It has a role as a metabolite, a delta-opioid receptor agonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It is a dibenzodiazepine, a member of piperazines and an organochlorine compound. 
Nitrogen Mustard Prodrug it is a non-toxic, small-molecule, hypoxia-activated, 3,5-dinitrobenzamide nitrogen mustard pre-prodrug with potential antitumor activity. Upon intravenous administration, it is converted by systemic phosphatases to the alcohol intermediate itA, which is reduced to form the active DNA-crosslinking mustard species hydroxylamine itH intracellularly under hypoxic conditions. itH specifically crosslinks hypoxic tumor cell DNA, resulting in the inhibition of DNA repair and synthesis, cell-cycle arrest, and apoptosis in susceptible hypoxic tumor cell populations while sparing normoxic tissues. 
it is a trimeric glycoside phosphate comprising three beta-D-ribosyl-(1->1)-D-ribitol-5-phosphate repeating units that are joined to each other by phosphodiester linkages. It derives from a ribitol. 
S,S-dimethyl-beta-propiothetin is a sulfonium betaine obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group of 3-dimethylsulfoniopropionic acid. It has a role as an osmolyte and a marine metabolite. 
(e)-3, 7-Dimethyl-1, 5, 7-octatrien-3-ol, also known as dehydro-linalool or 2, 7-dimethyl-7-octen-5-yn-4-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ynones. These are organic compounds containing the ynone functional group, an alpha, beta unsaturated ketone group with the general structure RC#C-C(=O)R' (R' not H) (e)-3, 7-Dimethyl-1, 5, 7-octatrien-3-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (e)-3, 7-dimethyl-1, 5, 7-octatrien-3-ol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of 2,5-diketopiperazines that is piperazine-2,5-dione substituted by 1H-indol-3-ylmethyl groups at positions 3 and 6 respectively. Isolated from Penicillium species, it exhibits antibacterial activity. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is a member of 2,5-diketopiperazines and an indole alkaloid. 
it is the organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of L-tartaric acid. It has a role as a food emulsifier. It contains a L-tartrate(2-). 
Neuropeptide and gut hormone that helps regulate GASTRIC ACID secretion and motor function. Once released from nerves in the antrum of the STOMACH, the neuropeptide stimulates release of GASTRIN from the GASTRIN-SECRETING CELLS. 
(9Z)-octadecen-1-ol is a long chain fatty alcohol that is octadecanol containing a double bond located at position 9 (the Z-geoisomer). It has a role as a nonionic surfactant and a metabolite. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a fatty alcohol 18:1. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an anabolic androgenic steroid and a 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid. It has a role as an anabolic agent and an antineoplastic agent. it is a synthetic anabolic steroid related to dihydrotestosterone that has antiestrogenic effects. it inhibits the growth of estrogen receptor-presenting breast cancers; its virilizing effects limit its clinical usefulness. (NCI04) 
Ammonium molybdate is an ammonium salt composed of ammonium and molybdate ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a poison. It contains a molybdate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4-aminoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an amino group attached to the 4-position of a quinoline ring system. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
A bile salt formed in the liver from lithocholic acid conjugation with taurine, usually as the sodium salt. It solubilizes fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is a cholagogue and choleretic. 
it is the tartrate salt form of ketanserin, a selective serotonin receptor antagonist with weak adrenergic receptor blocking properties. Ketanserin is effective in lowering blood pressure in essential hypertension. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. It is well tolerated and is particularly effective in older patients. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Stomach Cancer, Brain Metastases, Esophageal Cancer, and Leptomeningeal Metastases, among others.  it is a potent inhibitor of multiple RTKs implicated in driving tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization (blood vessel formation). it inhibits the EGF, HER2, and VEGF RTKs, each of which is a target of currently approved cancer therapies. In addition, it inhibits EphB4, an RTK that is highly expressed in many human tumors and plays a role in promoting angiogenesis. In a broad array of preclinical tumor models including breast, lung, colon and prostate cancer, it demonstrated potent inhibition of tumor growth and causes tumor regression. In cell culture models, it retains significant potency against mutant EGFRs that are resistant to current EGFR inhibitors. it is an orally bioavailable small-molecule receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits several tyrosine receptor kinases that play major roles in tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization, including epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR; ERBB1), epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2; ERBB2), vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR), and ephrin B4 (EphB4). This may result in the inhibition of tumor growth and angiogenesis, and tumor regression. 
it is a chromium oxoacid. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogenchromate. 
it, also known as Î±-cyclocitral or filipendulal, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic oxides. These are organic compounds containing an oxide group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a primary aliphatic amine that is the 3,5-dimethyl derivative of 1-aminoadamantane. A low to moderate affinity uncompetitive (open-channel); NMDA receptor antagonist which binds preferentially to the NMDA receptor-operated cation channels. It has a role as a dopaminergic agent, an antiparkinson drug, a NMDA receptor antagonist, a neuroprotective agent and an antidepressant. It is a member of adamantanes and a primary aliphatic amine. It is a conjugate base of a memantinium(1+). It derives from a hydride of an adamantane. 
it atom is a cobalt group element atom and a platinum group metal atom. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 77, and atomic weight 192.217. 
Palmityl-CoA, also known as it or palmitoyl CoA, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acyl coas. These are acyl CoAs where the group acylated to the coenzyme A moiety is a long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. Palmityl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Palmityl-CoA has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, palmityl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm and mitochondria. Palmityl-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Palmityl-CoA participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Palmityl-CoA and glycerol 3-phosphate can be converted into lpa(16:0/0:0); which is mediated by the enzyme glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase. Furthermore, Lpa(16:0/0:0) and palmityl-CoA can be converted into PA(16:0/16:0) through the action of the enzyme 1-acyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase epsilon. Furthermore, Palmityl-CoA and glycerol 3-phosphate can be converted into lpa(16:0/0:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase. Furthermore, Lpa(16:0/0:0) and palmityl-CoA can be converted into PA(16:0/16:0); which is mediated by the enzyme 1-acyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase epsilon. Furthermore, Palmityl-CoA and glycerol 3-phosphate can be converted into lpa(16:0/0:0); which is mediated by the enzyme glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase. Finally, Lpa(16:0/0:0) and palmityl-CoA can be converted into PA(16:0/16:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme 1-acyl-sn-glycerol-3-phosphate acyltransferase epsilon. In humans, palmityl-CoA is involved in cardiolipin biosynthesis CL(18:2(9Z, 12Z)/16:0/22:6(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z, 19Z)/16:0) pathway, cardiolipin biosynthesis CL(18:1(9Z)/16:0/18:1(9Z)/18:1(11Z)) pathway, cardiolipin biosynthesis CL(16:0/22:5(7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z, 19Z)/22:5(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z)/22:6(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z, 19Z)) pathway, and cardiolipin biosynthesis CL(16:0/22:5(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z)/22:5(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z)/22:5(4Z, 7Z, 10Z, 13Z, 16Z)) pathway. Palmityl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(22:0/16:0/i-21:0) pathway, de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(21:0/16:0/i-22:0) pathway, de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(i-24:0/22:0/16:0) pathway, and de novo triacylglycerol biosynthesis TG(a-21:0/i-14:0/16:0) pathway. 
it is an N-carbamoylamino acid that is aspartic acid with one of its amino hydrogens replaced by a carbamoyl group. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a N-carbamoyl-amino acid, an aspartic acid derivative and a C4-dicarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-carbamoylaspartate(2-). 
Benzoyl ecgonine, also known as BCG or BEG, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. Benzoyl ecgonine exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Benzoyl ecgonine has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, benzoyl ecgonine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
5-Ethyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole, also known as 2, 4-dimethyl-5-ethylthiazole, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 5-Ethyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-ethyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 5-Ethyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole is an earthy, meaty, and nutty tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products, mushrooms, and nuts. This makes 5-ethyl-2, 4-dimethylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is the all-trans-isomer of it. It is a member of its and a long-chain primary fatty alcohol. 
it appears as a white-colored crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may severely irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an enniatin obtained from formal cyclocondensation of three N-[(2R)-2-hydroxy-3-methylbutanoyl]-N-methyl-L-valine units. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quassinoids. These are a group of compounds chemically degraded from triterpenes. According to their basic skeleton, quassinoids are categorized into five distinct groups, C-18, C-19, C-20, C-22 and C-25 types. The C-20 quassinoids can be further classified into two types, tetracyclic and the pentacyclic. The tetracyclic variety does not have oxygenation at C-20, while the pentacyclic quassinoids possess additional oxygenation at C-20 that allows for the formation of an additional ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, quassin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a bitter taste. 
it is a beta-phellandrene in which the chiral centre has R configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-beta-phellandrene. 
it appears as a toxic colorless fuming liquid (m.p. 9Â° C). Decomposed by water to iodine and hydrofluoric acid. Contact with organic materials may cause their ignition. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Prolonged exposure of the container to fire or heat may result in their violent rupturing and rocketing. Prolonged exposure to low concentrations or short term exposure to high concentrations may result in adverse health effects. 
it is a glycine derivative in which a glycine core carries an N-{5-[(4-nitrobenzyl)amino]-5-oxopentanoyl} substituent. It has a role as an epitope. It is a glycine derivative and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a glutaric acid. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is the conjugate base of benzoic acid, comprising a benzoic acid core with a proton missing to give a charge of -1. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a benzoic acid. 
it, also known as it or fema 3329, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thioesters. These are organic compounds containing an ester of thiocarboxylic acid, with the general structure RC(=S)XR' (R=H, alkyl, aryl; R'=alkyl, aryl; X=O, S). it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, S-2-propenyl propanethioate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, fresh, and garlic taste. 
it (anhydrous) is the hydrochloride salt of cyproheptadine. Note that the drug named it generally refers to it sesquihydrate. It contains a cyproheptadine. it is the hydrochloride salt of a synthetic methyl-piperidine derivative with antihistaminic and anti-serotoninergic properties. Cyproheptadine competes with free histamine (HA) for binding at HA-receptor sites, thereby competitively antagonizing histamine stimulation of HA-receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, large blood vessels, and bronchial smooth muscle. This agent also competes with free serotonin for binding at serotonin receptor sites. Cyproheptadine exhibits anticholinergic and sedative properties and has been shown to stimulate appetite and weight gain. (NCI04) 
it is a clathrate compound that is an ice-like solid that consists of methane which is trapped within the crystal structure of water. It has formula CH4.5.75H2O or 4CH4.23H2O. It contains a methane and a water. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines carrying a 3-bromophenylamino substituent at position 4 and two methoxy substituents at positions 6 and 7. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist. It is a member of quinazolines, an aromatic amine, a secondary amino compound, a member of bromobenzenes and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is an N-acyl-L-amino acid that is the N-indole-3-acetyl derivative of L-alanine. It is an indoleacetic acid amide conjugate and a N-acyl-L-alanine. 
it, also known as thibetolide or 2-pentadecalone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as macrolides and analogues. These are organic compounds containing a lactone ring of at least twelve members. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, exaltolide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is an animal, fruity, and musky tasting compound that can be found in fats and oils, green vegetables, and herbs and spices. This makes exaltolide a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glucuronides. These are glucuronides in which the aglycone is linked to the carbohydrate unit through an O-glycosidic bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it (benzoic acid) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a 1D-myo-inositol bis(diphosphate) tetrakisphosphate having the two diphospho groups located at positions 5 and 6. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. 
4-Hydroxyphenylacetyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. 4-Hydroxyphenylacetyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 4-Hydroxyphenylacetyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 4-hydroxyphenylacetyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a diol that is undecane in which a hydrogen attached to each of the terminal methyl groups has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a diol, an aliphatic alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it is an icosenoic acid having a cis- double bond at position 13. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a rat metabolite and a plant metabolite. 
it is a amino cyclitol glycoside that consists of streptidine having a disaccharyl moiety attached at the 4-position. The parent of the it class It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antimicrobial drug, an antibacterial drug, a protein synthesis inhibitor, a bacterial metabolite and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an antibiotic antifungal drug, an antibiotic fungicide and a member of its. It derives from a streptidine. It is a conjugate base of a it(3+). it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces griseus with antibacterial activity. it irreversibly binds to the 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the assembly of initiation complex between mRNA and the bacterial ribosome, thereby inhibiting the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, it induces misreading of the mRNA template and causes translational frameshift, thereby results in premature termination. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
Bendamustine is a parenterally administered alkylating agent used alone and in combination with other antineoplastic agents in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and refractory forms of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Bendamustine therapy is associated with minor transient serum enzyme elevations during treatment and to rare instances of clinically apparent liver injury, with jaundice generally arising as a part of a generalized hypersensitivity syndrome. Bendamustine also has potent immunosuppressive activity and can cause reactivation of chronic hepatitis B that can be severe and even fatal. it is the hydrochloride salt of bendamustine, a bifunctional mechlorethamine derivative with alkylator and antimetabolite activities. Bendamustine possesses three active moieties: an alkylating group; a benzimidazole ring, which may act as a purine analogue; and a butyric acid side chain. Although its exact mechanism of action is unknown this agent appears to act primarily as an alkylator. Bendamustine metabolites alkylate and crosslink macromolecules, resulting in DNA, RNA and protein synthesis inhibition, and, subsequently, apoptosis. Bendamustine may differ from other alkylators in that it may be more potent in activating p53-dependent stress pathways and inducing apoptosis; it may induce mitotic catastrophe; and it may activate a base excision DNA repair pathway rather than an alkyltransferase DNA repair mechanism. Accordingly, this agent may be more efficacious and less susceptible to drug resistance than other alkylators. 
it is a ketone that is hexan-2-one in which one of the hydrogens at position 5 is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a ketone and a secondary alcohol. 
it is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphoethanolamine in which the 1- and 2-acyl groups are specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl) and 9Z-octadecenoyl (oleoyl) respectively. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and an oleic acid. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Thyronine is a tyrosine derivative where the phenolic hydrogen of tyrosine is substituted by 4-hydroxyphenyl. It is a tyrosine derivative, a member of phenols and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is 9,10-anthraquinone bearing hydroxy substituents at positions 1 and 8, a methoxy group at position 3, and a methyl group at position 6. It has been widely isolated and characterised from both terrestrial and marine sources. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent, a hepatoprotective agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent and a metabolite. It derives from a 2-methylanthraquinone. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-dihydroimidazole-2-thiones that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-imidazole-2-thione in which one of the nitrogens is substituted by a 5,7-difluoro-1,2,3,4-tetrahydronaphthalen-2-yl group while the carbon adjacent to it is substituted by an aminomethyl group (the S enantiomer). It is a potent and selective inhibitor of both bovine and human dopamine beta-hydroxylase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of dopamine to norepinephrine. It has a role as an EC 1.14.17.1 (dopamine beta-monooxygenase) inhibitor. It is a member of tetralins, an organofluorine compound, a primary amino compound and a member of 1,3-dihydroimidazole-2-thiones. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 65Â°F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a pyrroline that is 1-pyrroline in which the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by an acetyl group. It is an aroma and flavour compound present in jasmine rice and basmati rice. It is responsible for the 'popcorn' aroma in a large variety of cereal and food products. It is one of the key odourants of the crust of bread and considered to be responsible for the cracker-like odour properties. In bread, it is primarily generated during baking but amounts are influenced by ingredient composition and fermentation conditions. It has a role as a metabolite, a flavouring agent and a Maillard reaction product. It is a methyl ketone, a pyrroline and an acylimine. 
it is a leukotriene that is (7E,9E,11Z,14Z)-icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5 (5S) and an N-acetyl-L-cystein-S-yl group at position 6 (6R); it is a major bilary metabolite of cysteinyl leukotrienes. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It derives from a leukotriene E4. 
Ochratoxin c belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ochratoxins and related substances. These are a group of chemically related metabolites containing a 3, 4-dihydro-3-methylisocoumarin moiety linked through a carboxyl group to L-beta-phenylalanine by a secondary amine bond. Ochratoxin c is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ochratoxin c is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Ochratoxin c is a potentially toxic compound. 
it appears as yellow-orange crystals. Non corrosive. Used as an herbicide. it is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide substituted at positions 3 and 5 by nitro groups and at position 4 by a dipropylamino group. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and an antimitotic. It is a sulfonamide, a C-nitro compound, an aromatic amine and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a member of the class of benzenes that is benzene substituted by a decan-3-yl group. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a phenothiazine derivative having a chloro subsitituent at the 2-position and a 4-substituted 3-(piperazin-1-yl)propyl group at the N-10 position. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, an organochlorine compound and a member of phenothiazines. 
it is an aminopyridine that is 4-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-amine substituted at position 5 by a 2,6-di(morpholin-4-yl)pyrimidin-4-y group. A selective PI3K inhibitor with anti-tumour properties. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of morpholines, an aminopyrimidine, an aminopyridine and an organofluorine compound. it is an orally bioavailable specific oral inhibitor of the pan-class I phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) family of lipid kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically inhibits class I PI3K in the PI3K/AKT kinase (or protein kinase B) signaling pathway in an ATP-competitive manner, thereby inhibiting the production of the secondary messenger phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate and activation of the PI3K signaling pathway. This may result in inhibition of tumor cell growth and survival in susceptible tumor cell populations. Activation of the PI3K signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis. Dysregulated PI3K signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
it is an N-sulfonylurea in which the sulfur atom is attached to a 2-carboxythiophen-3-yl group and in which the non-sulfonated nitrogen is substituted by a 4-methoxy-6-methyl-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl group. The corresponding methyl ester, known as it-methyl, is used as a post-emergence herbicide for the control of grass and broad-leaved weeds. It has a role as a herbicide and an agrochemical. It is a N-sulfonylurea, a member of 1,3,5-triazines and a thiophenecarboxylic acid. 
(R)-5-phosphomevalonic acid is a carboxyalkyl phosphate that is mevalonic acid phosphorylated at position 5. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a carboxyalkyl phosphate and a primary alcohol. It derives from a mevalonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-5-phosphonatomevalonate(3-). 
A non-essential amino acid naturally occurring in the L-form. Glutamic acid is the most common excitatory neurotransmitter in the CENTRAL NERVOUS SYSTEM. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2E)-2-cyano-3-(3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid with the amino group of benzylamine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.2 (non-specific protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor, an antioxidant, a STAT3 inhibitor, an anti-inflammatory agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is an enamide, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a nitrile, a member of catechols and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a monoterpenoid formally derived from citral by cyclisation. It is a volatile compound produced by a cyanobacteria. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
it is a colorless liquid with a camphor-like odor. Spicy cooling taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a it. It has a role as a flavouring agent. Zedoary Oil is the oil extracted from the rhizomes of Curcuma zedoaria. Zedoary oil is typically used in treatments for digestive complaints. Eucalyptus Oil is the oil extracted from the leaves of various Eucalyptus species. Eucalyptus oil is used for its aromatic properties and as an ingredient in pharmaceutical and industrial applications. 
it is a dimethylbenzoate in which the two methyl groups are located at positions 3 and 5. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 3,5-dimethylbenzoic acid. 
Dodecyl(triphenyl)phosphonium bromide is an organic bromide salt that containing equal numbers of dodecyl(triphenyl)phosphonium cations and bromide anions. It contains a dodecyl(triphenyl)phosphonium. 
it is an acetate ester consisting of 1,4-naphthoquinone bearing acetoxy and dodecyl substituents at positions 2 and 3 respectively. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an acaricide. It is an acetate ester and a member of 1,4-naphthoquinones. 
it is an opioid related to carfentanil used as an animal tranquilizer. It was first synthesized by Janssen Pharmaceutica as part of a structure-activity relationship study of fentanly and its derivatives. it was found to be the most selective agonist for the mu opioid receptor out of all the fentanyl analogues tested, but it has never been introduced for medical use in humans, although the closely related drug sufentanil is widely used for analgesia and anesthesia during major surgery. 
it is a dialdehyde that is propane substituted by two oxo groups at the terminal carbon atoms respectively. A biomarker of oxidative damage to lipids caused by smoking, it exists in vivo mainly in the enol form. It has a role as a biomarker. it is an organic compound with the formula CH2(CHO)2, and a byproduct of lipid metabolism in the body. it, a highly reactive compound, is one of the many reactive electrophile species that cause toxic stress in cells and form covalent protein adducts, called advanced lipoxidation end products (ALE). This compound also forms mutagenic DNA adducts when it reacts with deoxyadenosine and deoxyguanosine in DNA. it is also found in many foods and is present in high levels in rancid foods. 
it is a N-(2-hydroxyethyl)piperazine, a piperazinecarboxamide and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. It has a role as a HIV protease inhibitor. it Anhydrous is an anhydrous formulation of it, a synthetic hydroxyaminopentane amide agent that selectively inhibits the protease of both human immunodeficiency virus 1 and 2. The incorporation of a basic amine into the hydroxyethylene backbone improves its aqueous solubility and its oral bioavailability. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are lighter than air. 
it is a small molecule with antineoplastic and hematopoiesis- stimulating activities. By cleaving N-terminal Xaa-Pro or Xaa-Ala residues, it inhibits dipeptidyl peptidases, such as fibroblast activation protein (FAP), resulting in the stimulation of cytokine and chemokine production and specific T-cell immunity and T-cell dependent activity. This agent may also stimulate the production of colony stimulating factors, such as granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G-CSF), resulting in the stimulation of hematopoiesis. Dipeptidyl peptidases are involved in the activation of polypeptide hormones and chemokines. 
it is a deoxyketohexose comprising the open-chain form of D-glucose lacking the -OH group at the 3-position and having the keto group at the 2-position. It is a deoxyketohexose and a deoxyglucose. 
All-cis-docosa-7,10,13,16-tetraenoate is a polyunsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of all-cis-docosa-7,10,13,16-tetraenoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a polyunsaturated fatty acid anion, a long-chain fatty acid anion, a docosatetraenoate and a (7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)-docosatetraenoyl derivative. It is a conjugate base of an all-cis-docosa-7,10,13,16-tetraenoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)thiophene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)thiophene can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes 3-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)thiophene a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Divinyl benzene appears as a water-white to straw colored liquid. Slightly less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors may be toxic. Used in making rubber. 
it is a mannose phosphate that is D-mannose carrying a phosphate group at position 1. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite and a human metabolite. It derives from a D-mannopyranose. 
it is a phenoxybenzoic acid in which the phenoxy group is meta to the carboxy group. It is a metabolite of pyrethroid insecticides. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of chalcones that is trans-chalcone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 4, 2', 3', and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of chalcones and a benzenetriol. It derives from a trans-chalcone. 
Vitamin B refers to several water soluble vitamins often found together in foods, all of which are necessary for normal growth and metabolism, but none of which are synthesized in adequate amounts by humans. The common forms of vitamin B include vitamin B1 (thiamine), B2 (riboflavin), B3 (niacin), B6 (pyridoxine) and B12 (cyanocobalamin). Except for niacin (when given in high doses), there is no evidence that the other B vitamins, in physiologic or even super-physiologic, high doses, cause liver injury or jaundice. The major forms of vitamin B and selected other water soluble vitamins (biotin, pantothenic acid, choline) are discussed briefly in this record. 
MG(0:0/15:0/0:0), also known as mag(0:0/15:0) or 1-monoacylglyceride, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-monoacylglycerols. These are monoacylglycerols containing a glycerol acylated at the 2-position. MG(0:0/15:0/0:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. MG(0:0/15:0/0:0) has been found throughout all human tissues. Within the cell, MG(0:0/15:0/0:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an aprotoxin having the common aprotoxin cyclodepsipeptide skeleton where the isoleucyl residue carries an N-methyl substituent and the side-chain adjacent to the lactone is tert-butyl. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an itnd a member of 1,3-thiazoles. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypopnea Syndrome, Alzheimer's Disease, Paranoid Schizophrenia, Sleep Apnea, Obstructive, and Excessive Daytime Sleepiness, among others. 
5alpha-Androstan-3,6,17-trione is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a morphinane alkaloid and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an alkaloid opiate that is used as an intermediate in the biosynthesis of other opioids. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as resorcinols. Resorcinols are compounds containing a resorcinol moiety, which is a benzene ring bearing two hydroxyl groups at positions 1 and 3. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, 5-N-heneicosylresorcinol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-N-heneicosylresorcinol can be found in a number of food items such as milk and milk products, rye, barley, and wheat bread. This makes 5-N-heneicosylresorcinol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Siponimod is an orally available immunomodulatory drug used to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. Siponimod is associated with transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice, although experience with its use has been limited. 
Homocysteine is a sulfur-containing amino acid consisting of a glycine core with a 2-mercaptoethyl side-chain. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a sulfur-containing amino acid, a member of homocysteines and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a homocysteinate. It is a tautomer of a homocysteine zwitterion. 
it is an aromatic ether that consists of propylene glycol having a 2-pyridyl group at the O-1 position and a 4-phenoxyphenyl group at the O-3 position. It has a role as a juvenile hormone mimic. It is an aromatic ether and a member of pyridines. It derives from a 4-phenoxyphenol. 
it is a carboxyalkyl phosphate that is pyruvic acid substituted at position 3 by a 3-phosphonooxy group. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phosphonatooxypyruvate(3-). 
it is a member of the class of benzoates that results from the removal of a proton from the carboxylic acid group of 3-O-methylgallic acid. It derives from a gallate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-O-methylgallic acid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Flash point 103-140Â°F. Less dense than water . Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Causes burns to the skin, eyes and mucous membranes. it is a member of the class of ethanolamines that is aminoethanol in which the hydrogens of the amino group are replaced by ethyl groups. It is a member of ethanolamines, a tertiary amino compound and a primary alcohol. It derives from an ethanolamine. It derives from a hydride of a triethylamine. 
Amikacin disulfate is an aminoglycoside sulfate salt obtained by combining amikacin with two molar equivalents of sulfuric acid. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antimicrobial agent and a nephrotoxin. It contains an amikacin(4+). it is the sulfate salt of amikacin, a broad-spectrum semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic, derived from kanamycin with antimicrobial property. Amikacin irreversibly binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, specifically in contact with 16S rRNA and S12 protein within the 30S subunit. This leads to interference with translational initiation complex and misreading of mRNA, thereby hampering protein synthesis and resulting in bactericidal effect. This agent is usually used in short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria. 
it is a steroid alkaloid fundamental parent, an alkaloid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
Virginiamycin, also known as it or cebin V, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic depsipeptides. These are natural or synthetic compounds having sequences of amino and hydroxy carboxylic acid residues (usually Î±-amino and Î±-hydroxy acids) connected in a ring. The residues are commonly but not necessarily regularly alternating. Virginiamycin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, virginiamycin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Diacetoxyscirpenol, also known as ite or ang 66, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. Diacetoxyscirpenol exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, diacetoxyscirpenol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Diacetoxyscirpenol is a potentially toxic compound. 
Dodecapeptide tachykinin found in the central nervous system of the amphibian Kassina senegalensis. It is similar in structure and action to other tachykinins, but is especially effective in contracting smooth muscle tissue and stimulating the micturition reflex. 
it is a glycol that is tetradecane bearing two hydroxy substituents located at positions 1 and 2. It derives from a hydride of a tetradecane. 
Beta-D-GlcpNAc-(1->3)-D-Gal-OH is a disaccharide that is D-galactitol in which the hydroxy group at position 3 has been converted to the corresponding 2-acetamido-2-deoxy-beta-D-glucopyranoside. It is an amino disaccharide and a member of acetamides. It derives from a N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine and a galactitol. 
it is a tetrahydropterin that is 2-amino-5,6,7,8-tetrahydropteridin-4(3H)-one in which a hydrogen at position 6 is substituted by a 1,2-dihydroxypropyl group (6R,1'R,2'S-enantiomer). It has a role as a coenzyme, a diagnostic agent, a human metabolite and a cofactor. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an odor resembling that of ammonia. Flash point 185Â°F. May attack copper, brass, and rubber. Corrosive to tissue. Moderately toxic. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. it is a member of the class of its that is ethane with an amino substituent at C-1 and a hydroxy substituent at C-2, making it both a primary amine and a primary alcohol. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a primary amine, a primary alcohol and a member of its. It is a conjugate base of an ethanolaminium(1+). it is a first generation it with antihistaminic property. it competes with free histamine for binding at the histamine (H)-1 receptor thereby acting as an inverse agonist that combines with and stabilizes the inactive form of the H1-receptor thereby shifting the equilibrium toward the inactive state. This leads to a reduction of the negative symptoms brought on by H1-receptor binding. 
it is a phenyl sulfate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the sulfo and carboxy groups of caffeic acid 3-sulfate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite, a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a phenyl sulfate oxoanion and an unsaturated fatty acid anion. It derives from a trans-caffeic acid. It is a conjugate base of a caffeic acid 3-sulfate. 
6-Thioinosinic acid, also known as 6-thioinosinate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine nucleosides. Purine nucleosides are compounds comprising a purine base attached to a ribosyl or deoxyribosyl moiety. 6-Thioinosinic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 6-Thioinosinic acid has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 6-thioinosinic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, 6-thioinosinic acid is involved in the thioguanine action pathway, the mercaptopurine metabolism pathway, the azathioprine action pathway, and the mercaptopurine action pathway. it is a sulfhydryl analog of inosine and an antimetabolite with potential antineoplastic and immunosuppressive properties. it interferes with de novo purine synthesis and perturbs the pool of nucleotides necessary for DNA replication. As a result, this agent inhibits DNA synthesis, blocks cellular proliferation and induces apoptosis. 
it is an ergot alkaloid produced by the fungus Aspergillus fumigatus that is ergoline which is substituted by a 2-methylbut-3-en-2-yl group at position 2, methyl groups at the 6 and 8beta positions, and by an acetoxy group at the 9beta position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an ergot alkaloid and an acetate ester. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of an ergoline. 
N,N-dimethylethanolamine phosphate is the N,N-dimethyl derivative of ethanolamine phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a N,N-dimethylethanolamine phosphate(1-). 
it is a topical and oral antifungal agent with activity against many species of yeast and candida albicans, which is used largely to treat skin and oropharyngeal candidiasis. it is not absorbed orally and has not been linked to drug induced liver injury. 
it is a clear to amber liquid. Insoluble in water. (NTP, 1992) it is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of oleic acid with methanol. It derives from an oleic acid. 
it is a cyclopropane substituted at positions 1 and 2 by methylene and acetyl groups respectively. It is a member of cyclopropanes, a methyl ketone and an olefinic compound. 
it (R-4129) is a fentanyl analog opioid that was on the list of Schedule I drugs in America in 1985 due to its structural similarity to fentanyl. In 2010 it was removed from the list after it was found to have minimal opioid activity. it has a Ki of 213nM at the mu opioid receptor, binding around 200x less strongly than fentanyl itself. 
it is an acyl-CoA having acetyl as its S-acetyl component. It has a role as an effector, a coenzyme, an acyl donor and a fundamental metabolite. It derives from an acetic acid and a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it is a glycol that is octadecane bearing two hydroxy substituents located at positions 1 and 2. It derives from an octadecane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4-alkoxyphenols. These are phenols that carry an alkoxy group at the 4-position of the benzene ring. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (8R)-8-hydroxynonanoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). A metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, it is the direct biosynthetic precursor to ascr#3. It has also been detected in the sour paste nematode, Panagrellus redivivus. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from an (8R)-8-hydroxynonanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a glycophytoceramide having an alpha-D-galactopyranosyl residue at the O-1 position and an octanoyl group attached to the nitrogen. It derives from an alpha-D-galactose and an octanoic acid. 
it is a harmala alkaloid in which the harman skeleton is methoxy-substituted at C-7 and has been reduced across the 3,4 bond. It has a role as a oneirogen. It derives from a hydride of a harman. 
it is an alpha-D-glucoside that is alpha-D-glucopyranose in which the anomeric hydroxy hydrogen is replaced by a 2-naphthyl group. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an alpha-D-glucoside and a member of naphthalenes. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
it is an organosilicon compound that is phenol substituted by a trimethylsilyl group at position 4. It is a member of phenols and an organosilicon compound. 
it is a member of the class of coumarins that is coumarin substituted by a hydroxy group at position 7, a methoxy group at position 6 and a (2-oxo-2H-chromen-7-yl)oxy group at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite, an antiviral agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a hydroxycoumarin and an aromatic ether. It derives from a coumarin. 
it is an odorless white granules. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) Calcium dihydroxide is a it. It has a role as an astringent. 
Copper(II) phthalocyanine is a metallophthalocyanine that is copper(2+) forming a coordination complex with phthalocyanine. It is a synthetic blue pigment which is used as a colorant in paints and dyes. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a metallophthalocyanine and a copper tetrapyrrole. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in chemical analysis, in pharmaceuticals, in preserving foods, and for other uses. it is an ammonium salt obtained by reaction of ammonia with acetic acid. A deliquescent white crystalline solid, it has a relatively low melting point (114â„ƒ) for a salt. Used as a food acidity regulator, although no longer approved for this purpose in the EU. It has a role as a food acidity regulator and a buffer. It is an acetate salt and an ammonium salt. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is replaced by a 4-isobutylphenyl group. Although it was shown to be effective in treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, the clinical use of it was discontinued due to hepatotoxic side-effects. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, a hepatotoxic agent and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It derives from an acetic acid. 
it is a phosphosphingolipid consisting of sphingosine having a phosphocholine moiety attached to its primary hydroxyl group. It is a phosphosphingolipid, a member of phosphocholines and an ammonium betaine. It derives from a sphingosine. It is a conjugate base of a sphingosylphosphocholine acid and a sphingosine-1-phosphocholine(1+). 
it is a stilbenoid that is piceatannol substituted at position 3 by a beta-D-glucosyl residue. It has a role as a metabolite, an antioxidant and an antineoplastic agent. It is a polyphenol, a stilbenoid, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a piceatannol. 
A photo-active pigment localized in prolamellar bodies occurring within the proplastids of dark-grown bean leaves. In the process of photoconversion, the highly fluorescent protochlorophyllide is converted to chlorophyll. 
it is a tetradecanoate ester (myristate ester) resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of tetradecanoic acid (myristic acid) with the hydroxy group of tetradecan-1-ol (myristyl alcohol). Used as an emollient. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is a wax ester and a tetradecanoate ester. It derives from a tetradecan-1-ol. 
it is a monoterpenoid, the main component of citronella oil which gives it its distinctive lemon aroma. It has a role as a metabolite and an antifungal agent. It is a monoterpenoid and an aldehyde. 
it is a penicillin compound having a 6alpha-methoxy and 6beta-[2-carboxy(thiophen-3-yl)acetamido side-groups. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a semisynthetic, narrow-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant penicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it is an enantiomer of it having (+)-1S,3aR,4S,6aR-configuration. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, a plant metabolite and a phytoestrogen. 
N(5)-[(hydroxyamino)(imino)methyl]-L-ornithinium(1+) is conjugate acid of N(5)-[(hydroxyamino)(imino)methyl]-L-ornithine having an anionic carboxy group and protonated amiino and guanidino groups. It is the principal microspecies present at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a N(5)-[(hydroxyamino)(imino)methyl]-L-ornithine. 
Orthosulfamuron is an N-sulfonylurea and sulfuric amide resulting from the formal condensation of sulfuric acid with the primary amino group of 1-(4,6-dimethoxypyrimidin-2-yl)urea and with the primary amino group of 3-amino-N,N-dimethylbenzamide (1 mol eq. of each). An acetolactate synthase inhibitor, it is used as a pre- and post-emergent herbicide for the treatment of grasses and broad-leaved weeds in rice crops. It has a role as an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor and a herbicide. It is a tertiary carboxamide, a sulfuric amide, a N-sulfonylurea and an aromatic ether. 
it is an amino disaccharide consisting of N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosamine having a 4-deoxy-alpha-L-threo-hex-4-enopyranuronosyl residue attached at the 3-position. It is an amino disaccharide and a monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a dihydroxyquinoline that is quinoline substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 8. Isolated from the centipede Scolopendra subspinipes, it exhibits cytotoxic activity against human tumour cell lines. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a quinoline alkaloid, a member of quinolines and a dihydroxyquinoline. 
A uridine monophosphate analog inhibitor of HEPATITIS C VIRUS (HCV) polymerase NS5B that is used as an ANTIVIRAL AGENT in the treatment of CHRONIC HEPATITIS C. 
N-methylnicotinate is an iminium betaine that is the conjugate base of N-methylnicotinic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a food component and a human urinary metabolite. It is an iminium betaine and an alkaloid. It derives from a nicotinate. It is a conjugate base of a N-methylnicotinic acid. 
it is a dieter obtained by the formal condensation of fumaric acid with ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a fumaric acid. 
Isoacolamone, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eudesmane, isoeudesmane or cycloeudesmane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based on the eudesmane skeleton. Isoacolamone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isoacolamone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, isoacolamone can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes isoacolamone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Pentostatin is a purine analogue and antineoplastic agent used in the therapy of hairy cell leukemia and T cell lymphomas. Pentostatin is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy and has been linked to rare instances of severe acute liver injury with jaundice. 
it, also known as fema 3822, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrans. Pyrans are compounds containing a pyran ring, which is a six-member heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring with five carbon atoms, one oxygen atom and two ring double bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a glutamine derivative with an acetyl group bound at the alpha-amino group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-amino acid and a N(2)-acylglutamine. 
it, also known as G-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as guanidines. Guanidines are compounds containing a guanidine moiety, with the general structure (R1R2N)(R3R4N)C=N-R5 it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (3-aminopropoxy)guanidine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (3-aminopropoxy)guanidine can be found in pulses. This makes (3-aminopropoxy)guanidine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acid esters. These are ester derivatives of alpha amino acids. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the class of bilanes that is a colourless product formed in the intestine by the reduction of bilirubin. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
1-methylhistidine is a methylhistidine in which the methyl group is located at N-1. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a methylhistidine. It is a tautomer of a 1-methylhistidine zwitterion. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(5)-steroid that is cholesterol in which the alcoholic hydroxy group has been oxidised to the corresponding ketone. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(5)-steroid and a cholestanoid. 
Bepridil hydrochloride monohydrate is the hydrochloride monohydrate of bepridril. It is a hydrochloride and a hydrate. It derives from a bepridil. 
3-[3-(Sulfooxy)phenyl]prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. 3-[3-(Sulfooxy)phenyl]prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a N-alkylpiperazine that is piperzine in which the nitrogens atoms are substituted by 2-(2-hydroxyethoxy)ethyl and (4-chlorophenyl)(phenyl)methyl groups respectively. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, an anxiolytic drug, a dermatologic drug, an antipruritic drug and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a hydroxyether and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a piperazine derivative with antihistamine, antiemetic, and anxiolytic properties. it's antihistaminic effect is due to its metabolite, cetirizine, a potent H1 receptor antagonist and selective inhibitor of peripheral H1 receptors. This agent competes with histamine for binding at H1-receptor sites on the effector cell surface. The sedative properties of it occur as a result of suppression of certain subcortical regions of the brain. Secondary to its central anticholinergic actions, it may be effective as an antiemetic. it Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of it, a piperazine histamine H1-receptor antagonist with anti-allergic, antispasmodic, sedative, anti-emetic and anti-anxiety properties. it hydrochloride blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilatation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In addition, it hydrochloride crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts on the histamine H1-receptors in the central nervous system. (NCI05) 
it is a naturally occurring element found in rocks, soil, dust, coal, and oil. Naturally occurring strontium is not radioactive and is either referred to as stable strontium or strontium. it in the environment exists in four stable isotopes, 84it (read as strontium eighty-four), 86it, 87it, 88it. it compounds are used in making ceramics and glass products, pyrotechnics, paint pigments, fluorescent lights, and medicines. it can also exist as several radioactive isotopes; the most common is 90it. 90it is formed in nuclear reactors or during the explosion of nuclear weapons. Radioactive strontium generates beta particles as it decays. One of the radioactive properties of strontium is half-life, or the time it takes for half of the isotope to give off its radiation and change into another substance. The half-life of 90it is 29 years. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 38, and atomic weight 87.62. 
it is a prodrug inhibitor of hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. In the body it is hydrolyzed to its active beta-hydroxy acid form. 
it is a pyridine alkaloid that is 2,2'-bipyridine substituted by a methoxy group at position 4 and a (E)-(hydroxyimino)methyl group at position 6. Isolated from the marine-derived actinomycete Actinoalloteichus cyanogriseus, it exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a marine metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It is an aldoxime, an aromatic ether, a member of bipyridines and a pyridine alkaloid. It derives from a hydride of a 2,2'-bipyridine. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound whose skeleton comprises a xanthene ring system ortho-fused to a dihydrofuranofuran moiety. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-alkylindoles. 3-alkylindoles are compounds containing an indole moiety that carries an alkyl chain at the 3-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, solid appears as a white to reddish colored solid in the form of crystalline rods. Used as an antiseptic and in organic synthesis. it is a phenolate. It has a role as a disinfectant. 
it Anhydrous is the anhydrous hydrochloride salt form of lincomycin, a lincosamide antibiotic originally identified in actinomycete Streptomyces lincolnensis with activity against gram-positive cocci and anaerobic bacteria. 
Bamipine, also known as soventol or taumidrine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. Bamipine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. In humans, bamipine is involved in the bamipine H1-antihistamine action pathway. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as terpene lactones. These are prenol lipids containing a lactone ring. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a chloroform-like odor. Denser than water (density: 2.9 g / cm3 ) and slightly soluble in water. Hence sinks in water. Nonflammable. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. A lachrymator. Used as a solvent and to make pharmaceuticals. Often stabilized with 1 to 3% ethanol. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02609139 (Study to Evaluate Pharmacokinetics of A Modified Release Formulation of it in Healthy Subjects). 
it is a member of the class of 4'-methoxyisoflavones that is formononetin with a hydroxy group at the 2'position. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of 7-hydroxyisoflavones and a member of 4'-methoxyisoflavones. It derives from a formononetin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a sulfonamide composed of indazole, morpholine, and methylsulfonyl-substituted piperazine rings bound to a thienopyrimidine ring. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, a member of piperazines, a member of morpholines, a member of indazoles and a thienopyrimidine. it is a small molecule inhibitor of class I phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase (PI3K), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, pictilisib selectively binds to PI3K in an ATP-competitive manner, inhibiting the production of the secondary messenger phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate (PIP3) and activation of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. This may result in inhibition of tumor cell growth, motility and survival in susceptible tumor cell populations. Activation of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis; dysregulated PI3K/Akt signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
it is a secondary alcohol and a secondary amine. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an anti-arrhythmia drug and a sympatholytic agent. it Fumarate is the fumarate salt of a synthetic phenoxy-2-propanol-derived cardioselective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive and potential cardioprotective activities. Devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity, it selectively and competitively binds to and blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, decreasing cardiac contractility and rate, reducing cardiac output, and lowering blood pressure. In addition, this agent may exhibit antihypertensive activity through the inhibition of renin secretion by juxtaglomerular epithelioid (JGE) cells in the kidney, thus inhibiting activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). it has been shown to be cardioprotective in animal models. it is a selective beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive activity and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. it selectively and competitively binds to and blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, it prevent the release of renin, a hormone secreted by the kidneys that causes constriction of blood vessels. 
it is a carbohydrate acid that is heptanoic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at C-2, C-3, C-4, C-5, C-6, and C-7. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a carbohydrate acid and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a heptanoic acid. 
CTP is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and a cytidine 5'-phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a CTP(4-) and a CTP(3-). 
Methionine sulfone is a methionine derivative in which the sulfur has been oxidised to the corresponding sulfone. It is a methionine derivative, a sulfone and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it appears as liquid. Freezing point 18Â°C. Density 1.423 g / cm3. Insoluble or slightly soluble in water. it is an aromatic ether that is diphenyl ether substituted at position 4 by a bromo group. It is an aromatic ether and an organobromine compound. It derives from a diphenyl ether. 
it is an alkyne that is decane carrying a triple bond at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alkyne and a terminal acetylenic compound. 
it is a small-molecule organic arsenical with potential antineoplastic activity. Although the exact mechanism of action is unclear, it, a highly toxic metabolic intermediate of inorganic arsenicals (iAs) that occurs in vivo, appears to generate volatile cytotoxic arsenic compounds when glutathione (GSH) concentrations are low. The arsenic compounds generated from it disrupt mitochondrial bioenergetics, producing reactive oxygen species (ROS) and inducing ROS-mediated tumor cell apoptosis; in addition, this agent or its byproducts may initiate cell death by interrupting the G2/M phase of the cell cycle and may exhibit antiangiogenic effects. Compared to inorganic arsenic compounds such as arsenic trioxide (As2O3), it appears to exhibit a wide therapeutic window. 
it is a nitrate ester and a glucitol derivative. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and a nitric oxide donor. it is the dinitrate salt form of isosorbide, an organic nitrate with vasodilator activity. it relaxes vascular smooth muscle by formation of the free radical nitric oxide (NO), which is identical to the endothelium-derived relaxing factor (EDRF). NO activates guanylyl cyclase, thereby increasing the synthesis of cGMP within smooth muscle, resulting in dephosphorylation of light chain myosin and relaxation of peripheral arteries and veins. In addition, it relaxes coronary arteries, thereby increasing the blood circulation through the ischemic area. (NCI05) 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavanone having the hydroxy groups at the 2'-, 4'-, 5- and 7-positions and a prenyl group at 8-position. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a long-chain, divinyl ether fatty acid composed of 8-nonenoic acid having the E- hydrogen at position 9 substituted by a (1E,3Z)-nona-1,3,-dien-1-yloxy group. It is a divinyl ether fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a colneleate. 
2, 6-Diisopropyl-3-methylphenol, also known as 2, 6-diisopropyl-M-cresol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. 2, 6-Diisopropyl-3-methylphenol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 6-diisopropyl-3-methylphenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 6-diisopropyl-3-methylphenol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 6-diisopropyl-3-methylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as galloyl esters. These are organic compounds that contain an ester derivative of 3, 4, 5-trihydroxybenzoic acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, hamamelitannin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, hamamelitannin can be found in nuts. This makes hamamelitannin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a prenol phosphate that is a phosphoantigen comprising the O-pyrophosphate of prenol. It has a role as an epitope, a phosphoantigen, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a prenyl diphosphate(3-). 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a Cy3 dye and an organic perchlorate salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a it(1+). 
it is a tricarboxylic acid trianion that is the conjugate base of itic acid. It is a conjugate base of a itic acid. Glycyrrhizin is a saponin-like compound that provides the main sweet flavor for Glycyrrhiza glabra (licorice), with potential immunomodulating, anti-inflammatory, hepato- and neuro-protective, and antineoplastic activities. Glycyrrhizin modulates certain enzymes involved in inflammation and oxidative stress, and downregulates certain pro-inflammatory mediators, thereby protecting against inflammation- and reactive oxygen species (ROS)-induced damage. Glycerrhizin may also suppress the growth of susceptible tumor cells. 
it is the D-enantiomer of 2,3-bisphosphoglyceric acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It derives from a D-glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-bisphosphonato-D-glycerate(5-). 
it is a triglyceride having stearoyl (octadecanoyl) groups at positions 1 and 3 and a palmitoyl (hexadecanoyl) group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite. 
it is the (1R,1'R,2R,2'R)-diastereoisomer of atracurium besylate. Commercial preparations of atracurium are mixtures of 10 stereoisomers, of which cisatracurium generally constitutes about 15%. it is about 3 times more potent than the mixture of atracurium isomers as a neuromuscular blocking agent, and is used as a muscle relaxant for endotracheal intubation, to aid controlled ventilation, and in general anaesthesia. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and a nicotinic antagonist. It is a quaternary ammonium salt, an atracurium besylate and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a cisatracurium. it is a non-depolarizing skeletal muscle relaxant of the benzylisoquinolinium class. it acts as a competitive acetylcholine antagonist that binds to nicotinic receptors at the neuromuscular junction. Compared to other neuromuscular blocking agents, it is intermediate in its onset and duration of action. it is used to maintain neuromuscular relaxation during major surgical procedures, primarily to facilitate endotracheal intubation. it can cause bronchospasms, hypotension, and bradycardia. 
A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. 
2, 5-Diisopropyl-4-methylphenol, also known as 2, 5-diisopropyl-p-cresol, 8CI or 4-methyl-2, 5-diisopropylphenol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. 2, 5-Diisopropyl-4-methylphenol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 5-diisopropyl-4-methylphenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 5-diisopropyl-4-methylphenol can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2, 5-diisopropyl-4-methylphenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Coenzyme A is a coenzyme containing pantothenic acid, adenosine 3-phosphate 5-pyrophosphate, and cysteamine; involved in the transfer of acyl groups, notably in transacetylations. 
it is the pteridine that is lumazine reduced across the C-6,C-7-double bond and substituted with a hydroxymethyl group at C-6 and a 1-D-ribityl group at N-8. It derives from a ribitol and a lumazine. 
it is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid comprising a C16 straight chain carrying a hydroxy substituent at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyhexadecanoate. 
Sodium tetradecyl sulfate is an organic sodium salt having tetradecyl sulfate as the counterion. Used in the treatment of small uncomplicated varicose veins of the lower extremities that show simple dilation with competent valves. It has a role as a detergent and a sclerotherapy agent. It contains a tetradecyl sulfate. 
Dehydroascorbic acid is a tetrahydrofuranone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an ascorbic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a dehydroascorbide(1-). 
Dalbavancin is a second-generation lipoglycopeptide antibiotic that was designed to improve on the natural glycopeptides currently available, such as vancomycin and teicoplanin. Modifications from these older glycoprotein classes facilitated a similar mechanism of action for dalbavancin but with increased activity and once-weekly dosing. Its use is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by the following gram-positive microorganisms: Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-susceptible and methicillin-resistant strains), S. pyogenes, S. agalactiae, S. dysgalactiae, the S. anginosus group (including S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus), and Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin susceptible strains). Dalbavancin acts by interfering with bacterial cell wall synthesis by binding to the D-alanyl-D-alanine terminus of nascent cell wall peptidoglycan and preventing cross-linking. 
it is an orally bioavailable, 3-amidinophenylalanine-derived, second generation serine protease inhibitor prodrug targeting the human urokinase plasminogen activator (uPA) system with potential antineoplastic and antimetastatic activities. After oral administration, upamostat is converted to the active N alpha-(2,4,6-triisopropylphenylsulfonyl)-3-amidino-(L)-phenylalanine-4-ethoxycarbonylpiperazide (WX-UK1), which inhibits several serine proteases, particularly uPA; inhibition of uPA may result in the inhibition of tumor growth and metastasis. uPA is a serine protease involved in degradation of the extracellular matrix and tumor cell migration and proliferation. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a thioadenosine that is adenosine with the hydroxy group at C-5' substituted with an ethylthio (ethylsulfanyl) group. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an adenosine. 
it is a quinate that is the conjugate base of it. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a nitrofuran derivative with antiprotozoal and potential antineoplastic activities. it is reduced by cytosol enzymes or flavin-containing microsomal enzymes to a highly reactive nitro anion free radical; autooxidation of the nitro anion free radical generates cytotoxic superoxide anion (02-). In addition, it-derived nitro anion free radicals may alkylate macromolecules such as nucleic acids and proteins, resulting in the disruption of their structure and function. 
it is a hydroxybenzoyl-CoA that is the S-(4-hydroxybenzoyl) derivative of coenzyme A. It derives from a benzoyl-CoA and a 4-hydroxybenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a hydracid and a one-carbon compound. It is a conjugate acid of a thiofulminate. It is a tautomer of a thiofulminic acid. 
it is a functionalized amino acid compound specifically synthesized as an anticonvulsive drug to use as add-on therapy for partial-onset seizures with antinociceptive and neuroprotective activities. it selectively enhances slow inactivation of voltage-gated sodium channels without affecting fast inactivation, thereby stabilizing hyperexcitabe neuronal membranes. Furthermore, this agent binds to collapsin response mediator protein 2 (CRMP2; DPYSL2), a cytosolic phosphoprotein expressed in most tissues. In the nervous system, CRMP2 acts as a mediator of growth cone collapse as well as modifies axon number, length, and neuronal polarity. 
it is a thioadenosine that is adenosine in which the hydroxy group at C-5' is replaced by a 3-aminopropyl group. It is a thioadenosine, an organic sulfide and a primary amino compound. 
it is an aminopyrimidine that is 5-methylpyrimidine-2,4-diamine in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group has been replaced by a 2-cyclopropyl-7,8-dimethoxy-2H-chromen-5-yl group. It is an aminopyrimidine, a member of chromenes and a member of cyclopropanes. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03300115 (Clinical Trial of the Efficacy and Safety of it in the Treatment of EGFR T790M Patients With Advanded NSCLC). 
it, also known as mono-N-dealkylated disopyramide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids having a (-NH2) group attached to the gamma carbon atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as 2-hexyl-4-methyl-1, 3-dioxolan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxolanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxolane, an aliphatic five-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, heptanal propyleneglycol acetal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a fatty and green taste. 
it is a cysteine thioether that is the S-(4-hydroxy-2-methylbutan-2-yl) derivative of L-cysteine. It is a major component of the urine of the domestic cat. It has a role as a pheromone. It is a L-cysteine thioether and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation of (1-hydroxycyclopentyl)(phenyl)acetic acid with N,N-dimethylethanolamine. A tertiary amine antimuscarinic with actions similar to atropine, it is used as its hydrochloride salt to produce mydriasis (excessive dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) for opthalmic diagnostic procedures. It acts more quickly than atropine and has a shorter duration of action. It has a role as a mydriatic agent, a parasympatholytic, a muscarinic antagonist and a diagnostic agent. It is a carboxylic ester, a tertiary amino compound and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a (1-hydroxycyclopentyl)phenylacetic acid and a N,N-dimethylethanolamine. 
it is a cystine zwitterion. It is an enantiomer of a D-cystine zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a it. 
S-allylsulfenic acid is an S-alkylsulfenic acid in which the alkyl group is specified as allyl. It has a role as a radical scavenger and a plant metabolite. 
it is a wax ester resulting from the formal condensation of both the hydroxy groups of hexadecane-1,2-diol with two molecules of palmitic acid. It is a hexadecanoate ester and a wax ester. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid and a 1,2-hexadecanediol. 
it is a (2S)-2-methylacyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of (2S)-2-methyltetradecanoic acid. It is a (2R)-2-methylacyl-CoA and a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a sulfonium compound that is mercaptoethanol bearing two S-methyl substituents. It is a sulfonium compound, an organic cation and a primary alcohol. It derives from a mercaptoethanol. 
it, also known as hexyl formic acid or fema 2570, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it is a sweet, apple, and banana tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as apple, peach, fruits, and root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is quinoline substituted by hydroxy groups at the 4- and 6-positions. It is the product of 5-hydroxytryptophan metabolism, via monoamine oxidase catalysed conversion of 5-hydroxykynurenamine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a monounsaturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-) arising from deprotonation of the phosphate and diphosphate OH groups of cis-tetradec-3-enoyl-CoA; major species at pH 7.3. It is a monounsaturated fatty acyl-CoA(4-) and a cis-3-enoyl-CoA(4-). It is a conjugate base of a cis-tetradec-3-enoyl-CoA. 
it is a pyrimidotriazine that is 1,6-dimethyl-1,5,6,7-tetrahydropyrimido[5,4-e][1,2,4]triazine with oxo groups at positions 5 and 7. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a toxin, a Wnt signalling inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer, a bacterial metabolite, an antibacterial agent and a virulence factor. It is a pyrimidotriazine and a carbonyl compound. It derives from a reumycin. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of zofenopril, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a zofenopril. Zofenopril Calcium is the calcium salt of zofenopril, a sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, zofenopril is hydrolyzed in vivo into its active form zofenoprilat. Zofenoprilat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. Zofenoprilat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
, also known as capryl caproate or fema 2572, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. is an apple peel, cut grass, and fresh tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as passion fruit, pomes, tea, and fruits. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a chlorocatechol and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a DDT. 
it is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate having adenine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate and a 2'-deoxyadenosine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, Open-Angle Glaucoma, Open Angle Glaucoma, and Intraocular Pressure.  As of November 2, 2017 the FDA approved Bausch + Lomb's it (it opthalmic solution), 0.024% for the indication of reducing intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Latanoprostene bunod is the first prostaglandin analog with one of its metabolites being nitric oxide (NO). The novelty of this agent subsequently lies in the proposed dual mechanism of action that stems from both its prostaglandin F2-alpha analog latanoprost acid metabolite and its ability to donate NO for proposed tissue/cell relaxation effects.  In comparison, both latanoprost and it contain a latanoprost acid backbone. Conversely however, it integrates an NO-donating moiety in lieu of the isopropyl ester typically found in latanoprost. 
it is a propylamine derivative with sympathomimetic property. it binds to and activates alpha-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract, thereby mimicking the actions of norepinephrine and epinephrine. This results in vasoconstriction and reduces swelling and inflammation of the mucous membrane lining, therefore relieving nasal and sinus congestion. 
it is an extended flavonoid resulting from the formal fusion of a benzene ring with the h side of flavone. A synthetic compound, it is an inhibitor of aromatase (EC 1.14.14.14). It has a role as an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor, an aryl hydrocarbon receptor antagonist and an aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, an extended flavonoid and a naphtho-gamma-pyrone. 
it is an aryl sulfate that is p-cresol in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human metabolite, a uremic toxin and a gut flora metabolite. It derives from a p-cresol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a quaternary ammonium salt that is the tetrakis(N,N,N-trimethylmethammonium) salt of 5-({[4-(13-{4-[({3-carboxy-4-[(2,7-dichloro-6-hydroxy-3-oxo-3H-xanthen-9-yl)methyl]phenyl}carbonyl)amino]-2,5-bis(methyloxy)phenyl}-1,4,10-trioxa-7,13-diazacyclopentadecan-7-yl)-2-hydroxy-5-(methyloxy)phenyl]amino}carbonyl)-2-(2,7-dichloro-6-hydroxy-3-oxo-3H-xanthen-9-yl)benzoic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome. 
it is a carbamate ester obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of 17beta-estradiol with the carboxy group of bis(2-chloroethyl)carbamic acid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an alkylating agent and a radiation protective agent. It is a carbamate ester, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and an organochlorine compound. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. it is a synthetic molecule combining estradiol and nornitrogen mustard through a carbamate link. it and its major metabolite it bind to microtubule-associated proteins (MAPs) and tubulin, thereby inhibiting microtubule dynamics and leading to anaphase arrest in a dose-dependent fashion. This agent also exhibits anti-androgenic effects. (NCI04) 
it is the sodium salt of sulcofuron. It has a role as an epitope. It is an organochlorine insecticide, an organic sodium salt and a member of ureas. It contains a sulcofuronate. 
Sulfuretin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aurone flavonoids. These are flavonoids containing a 2-Benzylidene-1-benzofuran-3-one based core. Aurone flavonoids provide the bright yellow color of some important ornamental flowers, such as snapdragon (Antirrhinum majus). Thus, sulfuretin is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Sulfuretin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the 3-dehydro derivative of L-threonic acid. It is a ketoaldonic acid, a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a L-threonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-2,4-dihydroxy-3-oxobutanoate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-2,4-dihydroxy-3-oxobutanoic acid. 
it is a steroid saponin that is (3beta,22E)-stigmasta-5,22-dien-3-ol attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It is isolated from Symplocos lancifolia. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of phytosterols, a steroid saponin, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a stigmasterol. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
it is the ethyl ester of (2E,4E)-3,7,11-trimethyldodeca-2,4-dienoic acid It has a role as a juvenile hormone mimic. It is a farnesane sesquiterpenoid and an ethyl ester. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol in which the hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as an estrogen, a human metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-hydroxy steroid, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. 
Acetaldehyde oxime appears as a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Has two crystalline modifications, one melting at 12Â°C and the other at 46.5Â°C. 
Ethyl 3-methylthiopropionate is a carboxylic ester obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-(methylthio)propionic acid with ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a carboxylic ester and an organosulfur compound. It derives from a 3-(methylthio)propionic acid. 
it is a macrolide and an agent highly effective against plant-pathogenic fungi. It was extensively researched for agricultural use until it was discovered to be a teratogen. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, an EC 6.4.1.2 (acetyl-CoA carboxylase) inhibitor and a teratogenic agent. It is a macrolide, an ether, a cyclic hemiketal and an olefinic compound. 
it, also known as E1505 or TEC, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tricarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly three carboxyl groups. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a mild, fruity, and odorless taste. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
Isocyanobenzotrifluoride appears as a light colored liquid. May severely irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it is an artemisinin derivative that is artemisinin in which the lactone has been converted to the corresponding lactol methyl ether. It is used in combination with lumefantrine as an antimalarial for the treatment of multi-drug resistant strains of falciparum malaria. It has a role as an antimalarial. It is a sesquiterpenoid, a cyclic acetal, an organic peroxide, an artemisinin derivative and a semisynthetic derivative. 
it is a perfluorinated compound that is 2-propoxypentanoic acid in which all 11 of the hydrogens attached to carbon atoms have been replaced by fluorine atoms. Used as an alternative to perfluorooctanoic acid in the fluoropolymer industry for years, its widespread environmental distribution, high bioaccumulation capability, and human exposure have caused great concern, particularly as its potential toxicity and health risk is still largely unknown. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a perfluorinated compound and an ether. 
it, also known as hernangerine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices, sweet bay, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an acetyl-L-serine where the acetyl group is attached to the side-chain oxygen. It is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of the amino acid cysteine in bacteria. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is an acetate ester and an acetyl-L-serine. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of pargyline, a monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitor with antidepressant activity. Pargyline selectively inhibits MAO type B, an enzyme catalyzing the oxidative deamination and inactivation of certain catecholamines, such as norepinephrine and dopamine, within the presynaptic nerve terminals. By inhibiting the metabolism of these biogenic amines in the brain, pargyline increases their concentration and binding to postsynaptic receptors. Increased receptor stimulation may cause downregulation of central receptors which may attribute to pargyline's antidepressant effect. 
it peptide Ac 184-210 is a 27-membered polypeptide comprising the sequence it. An acetylated synthetic peptide from human calpastatin that strongly inhibits both calpains I and II but not papain (a cysteine protease) or trypsin (a serine protease). It has a role as an EC 3.4.22.52 (calpain-1) inhibitor and an EC 3.4.22.53 (calpain-2) inhibitor. 
A dideoxynucleoside compound in which the 3'-hydroxy group on the sugar moiety has been replaced by a hydrogen. This modification prevents the formation of phosphodiester linkages which are needed for the completion of nucleic acid chains. The compound is a potent inhibitor of HIV replication at low concentrations, acting as a chain-terminator of viral DNA by binding to reverse transcriptase. Its principal toxic side effect is axonal degeneration resulting in peripheral neuropathy. 
Fosinopril is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor used in the therapy of hypertension and heart failure. Fosinopril is associated with a low rate of transient serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and has been linked to rare instances of acute liver injury. Fosinopril is a phosphinic acid-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As an ester prodrug, fosinopril is hydrolysed by esterases to its active metabolite fosinoprilat. Fosinoprilat specifically and competitively inhibits angiotensin-converting enzyme thereby decreasing the formation of the potent vasoconstrictor angiotensin II, resulting in diminished vasopressor activity. In addition, angiotensin II-mediated aldosterone secretion by adrenal cortex is decreased, which results in a decrease of sodium retention and an increase in water outflow. 
it is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2,3-dihydroxy-2-methylpropanoate. 
it is a broad-spectrum, carbapenem antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located on the bacterial cell wall, thereby inhibiting the final transpeptidation step in the synthesis of peptidoglycan, an essential component of the bacterial cell wall. This inhibition weakens the bacterial cell wall and leads to lytic cell death in a wide range of Gram-positive and Gram-negative aerobic and anaerobic pathogens. 
it is a member of the class of 1,2,4-triazines in which the triazine ring is substituted at positions 3, 5, and 6 by pyridin-2-yl, ([biphenyl]-4-ylmethyl)amin, and methyl groups, respectively. It is an activator of the hypoxia inducible factor (HIF) pathway. It has a role as a hypoxia-inducible factor pathway activator. It is a member of biphenyls, a member of 1,2,4-triazines, a secondary amino compound and a member of pyridines. 
A narcotic analgesic partly metabolized to meperidine in the liver. It is similar to morphine in action and used for neuroleptanalgesia, usually with droperidol. 
it is a methoxybenzoic acid that is 4-methoxybenzoic acid bearing a hydroxy substituent at position 3. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a plant metabolite. It is a methoxybenzoic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-hydroxy-4-methoxybenzoate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Skin Diseases, Autoimmune Diseases, Pathologic Processes, Scleroderma, Limited, and Scleroderma, Diffuse, among others. it is an orally bioavailable thromboxane (TxA2) and prostaglandin H2 (PGH2) (TP) receptor antagonist, with anti-thrombotic, anti-hypertensive, anti-asthmatic and potential anti-metastatic activities. Upon administration, it targets and binds to TxA2 and PGH2 receptors, thereby preventing the activity of both TxA2 and PGH2 and disrupting their downstream signaling pathways. This prevents platelet activation, aggregation and thrombosis. It also prevents vascular constriction and causes vasodilation. In addition, as cancer cells use platelets to metastasize to different parts of the body, it can reduce the stickiness of the platelets and prevent metastasis. TxA2 causes vascular contraction and platelet activation. 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolidines in which the only substituent is a methoxymethyl group at position 2 (the S-enantiomer0. It is a member of pyrrolidines and an ether. 
Uridine 5'-monophosphate(2-) is a pyrimidine nucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-) that results from the removal of two protons from the phosphate group of UMP. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-), a pyrimidine ribonucleotide, a pyrimidine ribonucleoside monophosphate and a ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate base of a uridine 5'-monophosphate. 
A class of sphingolipids found largely in the brain and other nervous tissue. They contain phosphocholine or phosphoethanolamine as their polar head group so therefore are the only sphingolipids classified as PHOSPHOLIPIDS. 
it is a mancude carbobicyclic parent consisting of a cycloheptatriene and cyclopentadiene rings. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is an ortho-fused bicyclic arene, a member of its and a mancude carbobicyclic parent. 
it is the acetate ester, with S configuration, of licarbazepine. An anticonvulsant, it is approved for use in Europe and the United States as an adjunctive therapy for epilepsy. It has a role as an anticonvulsant and a drug allergen. It is an acetate ester, a dibenzoazepine, a carboxamide and a member of ureas. It derives from a licarbazepine. 
it is a white to green solid with a sharp odor. (USCG, 1999) it is a compound of beryllium (+2 oxidation state) and chloride in the ratio 1:2. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a genotoxin. It is a beryllium molecular entity and an inorganic chloride. 
it is a it that has a bicyclo[3.1.0]hex-2-ene skeleton which is substituted at positions 1 and 4 by isopropyl and methyl groups, respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a it and a polycyclic olefin. 
it appears as a clear brown to black liquid with a characteristic phenoxy odor. Primary hazard is threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Easily penetrates the soil to contaminate groundwater and nearby waterways. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid that is adipic acid which is substituted by a chloro group at position 2 and by an oxo group at position 3. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound and an oxo dicarboxylic acid. It derives from an adipic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-chloro-3-oxoadipate. 
it is the amide resulting from the formal condensation of 5-[(methylsulfonyl)amino]-1H-indole-2-carboxylic acid and 4-amino group of 1-[3-(isopropylamino)pyridin-2-yl]piperazine, it is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor with activity specific for HIV-1. Viral resistance emerges rapidly when it is used alone, so it is therefore used (as the methanesulfonic acid salt) with other antiretrovirals for combination therapy of HIV infection. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It is a N-acylpiperazine, a sulfonamide, an aminopyridine and an indolecarboxamide. it is a synthetic, non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. In combination with other anti-retroviral drugs, this agent has been shown to reduce HIV viral load and increase CD4 leukocyte counts in patients. As an inhibitor of the cytochrome P450 system, it may result in increased serum levels of co-administered protease inhibitors metabolized by the cytochrome P450 system. 
it is an acetylenic compound that is dodecane carrying a triple bond at position 10 and a hydroxy group at position 1 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an acetylenic compound and a primary alcohol. 
P(1),P(3)-bis(5'-adenosyl) triphosphate is a diadenosyl triphosphate having the two 5'-adenosyl residues attached at the P(1)- and P(3)-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a P(1),P(3)-bis(5'-adenosyl) triphosphate(4-). 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyisoflavans that is (R)-isoflavan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2' and 4' and a 2,2-dimethyl-2H-pyran group across positions 7 and 8 respectively. It has a role as an antiplasmodial drug. It derives from a hydride of a (R)-isoflavan. 
Isoheptene appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a strong odor. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. In high concentrations the vapors may be narcotic. 
it is a methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(phenylacetyl)alaninate that is the more active R-enantiomer of benalaxyl. It is a methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(phenylacetyl)alaninate, a D-alanine derivative, an acylamino acid fungicide and an anilide fungicide. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-benalaxyl. 
it appears as oily liquid. Clear, colorless or faintly yellow liquid. This material is used as a research tool in neuroscience for its ability to inhibit cholinesterase (by phosphorylation) on an acute/sub-acute basis and to produce a delayed neuropathy. An insecticide. Used in Germany as a basis for \ 
2-Butyl-4, 5-diethyloxazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2-Butyl-4, 5-diethyloxazole is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-butyl-4, 5-diethyloxazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-butyl-4, 5-diethyloxazole can be found in potato. This makes 2-butyl-4, 5-diethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pentanone that is pentan-3-one substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a pentan-3-one. 
it is a cycloalkane that is cyclohexane substituted by an ethyl and a propyl group at positions 1 and 2 respectively. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a cyclohexane. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of nortriptyline, a tricyclic antidepressant agent used for short-term treatment of various forms of depression. Nortriptyline blocks the norepinephrine presynaptic receptors, thereby blocking the reuptake of this neurotransmitter and raising the concentration in the synaptic cleft in the CNS. Nortriptyline also binds to alpha-adrenergic, histaminergic and cholinergic receptors. Long-term treatment with nortriptyline produces a downregulation of adrenergic receptors due to the increased stimulation of these receptors. 
it is a member of the class of its that is anisole in which one of the hydrogens meta to the methoxy group is replaced by a nitro group. 
it is an N-acyl-D-glucosamine 6-phosphate that is the N-acetyl derivative of D-glucosamine 6-phosphate. It is a component of the aminosugar metabolism. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-glucosamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a 19-membered cyclodepsipeptide isolated from Floridian marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya sp. It exhibits inhibitory activity towards the enzymes elastase and chymotrypsin. It has a role as a metabolite, a serine protease inhibitor and an EC 3.4.21.1 (chymotrypsin) inhibitor. It is a cyclodepsipeptide and a macrocycle. 
it is a pyrazolopyrazole that consists of 1H,7H-pyrazolo[1,2-a]pyrazole-1,7-dione bearing two methyl substituents at positions 2 and 6 as well as two bromomethyl substituents at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organobromine compound and a pyrazolopyrazole. 
it is a member of the class of phenanthrolines that is 1,10-phenanthroline bearing two phenyl substituents at positions 4 and 7. It has a role as a chelator. It is a member of phenanthrolines and a member of benzenes. 
it is a member of the class of pterocarpans that is (6aR,11aR)-pterocarpan substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 9, a methoxy group at position 1 and a prenyl groups at positions 2 and 8. It has been isolated from Glycyrrhiza uralensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a polyphenol and a member of pterocarpans. It derives from a (6aR,11aR)-pterocarpan. 
A random polymer of L-ALANINE, L-GLUTAMIC ACID, L-LYSINE, and L-TYROSINE that structurally resembles MYELIN BASIC PROTEIN. It is used in the treatment of RELAPSING-REMITTING MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS. 
it is a lignan that consists of tetrahydrofuran substituted by a 3,4-dihydroxyphenyl group at position 2, a hydroxymethyl group at position 3 and a 4-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzyl group at position 4. It has been isolated from Taxus yunnanensis. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a lignan, a polyphenol, a tetrol, a member of oxolanes and a member of guaiacols. 
Nizatidine is a Histamine-2 Receptor Antagonist. The mechanism of action of nizatidine is as a Histamine H2 Receptor Antagonist. Nizatidine is a competitive and reversible histamine H2-receptor antagonist with antacid activity. Nizatidine inhibits the histamine H2-receptors located on the basolateral membrane of the gastric parietal cell, thereby reducing basal and nocturnal gastric acid secretion, resulting in a reduction in gastric volume, acidity, and amount of gastric acid released in response to stimuli. 
Teloxantrone Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of an anthrapyrazole antineoplastic antibiotic. Teloxantrone intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair, as well as RNA and protein synthesis 
3-(3, 4-Dimethoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as coumaric acids and derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing Aromatic compounds containing a cinnamic acid moiety (or a derivative thereof) hydroxylated at the C2 (ortho-), C3 (meta-), or C4 (para-) carbon atom of the benzene ring. 3-(3, 4-Dimethoxyphenyl)prop-2-enoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the stable isotope of sodium with relative atomic mass 22.989770, 100 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 3/2. 
it is the pamoate salt of imipramine, a synthetic dibenzazepine derivative with anti-depressant activity. it, a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) potentiates the activity of adrenergic synapses by blocking the re-uptake of norepinephrine and serotonin, thereby preventing their degradation and increasing their availability. This drug also has antimuscarinic and anti-histamine properties, which contribute to its side effects. 
it is a colorless gas with a faint ethereal odor. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. It is easily ignited. Its vapors are heavier than air. Any leak can be either liquid or vapor. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is an ether in which the oxygen atom is connected to two methyl groups. it is a colorless volatile poisonous liquid compound used as a solvent, fuel, aerosol, propellant and refrigerant. (NCI) 
it is a monounsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 10-heptadecenoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a monounsaturated fatty acid anion and a long-chain fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a 10-heptadecenoic acid. 
it is a nucleoside triphosphate(4-) obtained by global deprotonation of the triphosphate OH groups of UTP; major species present at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an UTP. 
it is a butyrate ester obtained by the formal condensation of butyric acid with butan-2-ol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a butan-2-ol. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is sakuranetin attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 5 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor. It is a flavanone glycoside, a monomethoxyflavanone, a monohydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a sakuranetin. 
A peripheral vasodilator that was formerly used in the management of peripheral and cerebral vascular disorders. It is hepatotoxic and fatalities have occurred. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1312) 
Disodium cytidine 5'-monophosphate is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of CMP. It has a role as a human metabolite. It contains a cytidine 5'-monophosphate(2-). 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is 3-hydroxynaphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid carrying a {2-sulfo-4-[(4-sulfophenyl)diazenyl]phenyl}diazenyl group at position 4. The tetrasodium salt is the biological stain 'Ponceau S'. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It is an arenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound and a member of naphthols. It is a conjugate acid of a Ponceau S(4-). 
it is a pyridinium salt that has N-hexadecylpyridinium as the cation and bromide as the anion. It has a role as a surfactant, an antiseptic drug and an EC 2.7.11.18 (myosin-light-chain kinase) inhibitor. It is a pyridinium salt and a bromide salt. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoester, a dipeptide, an ethyl ester, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary carboxamide and an organic heterobicyclic compound. It has a role as a prodrug, an antihypertensive agent and an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor. it is a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is converted by de-esterification in the liver into its active form itat. itat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. itat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by the formal condensation of the amino group at position 4 of L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid with the carboxy group of oxalic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from a L-2,4-diaminobutyric acid and an oxalic acid. 
This solid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide with an inert solid. 
it appears as a clear liquid. Less dense than water and slightly soluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. May be toxic by inhalation or skin absorption and irritating to skin. Used as a gasoline additive. 
it is a 2-acetyllactic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (2S)-2-hydroxy-2-methyl-3-oxobutanoate. 
it is the 16beta-analogue of flumethasone. It is used as the 17,21-diacetate as a topical anti-inflammatory and antipruritic in the treatment of various skin disorders. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid, a fluorinated steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunosuppressive properties. Like other glucocorticoids, it enters the cell by diffusion across the cell membrane and binds to the glucocorticoid receptor (GR) in the cytoplasm. The receptor complex subsequently translocates to the nucleus and activates or represses genes by interacting with short, palindromic DNA sequences called glucocorticoid response element (GRE). Gene activation leads to the exertion of anti-inflammatory effects, e.g. upregulation of IkappaB, while gene repression inhibits production of pro-inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-2 and IL-6, thereby preventing activation of cytotoxic T-lymphocytes. 
it is an oxaspiro compound that is 1-oxaspiro[4.5]deca-6,9-diene-2,8-dione carrying two additional tert-butyl substituents at positions 7 and 9. It is an oxaspiro compound, a lactone, an enone and a cyclic ketone. 
it is a derivative of benzoquinone carrying a 5-methyl substituent; and methoxy substituents at positions 2 and 3. The core structure of the ubiquinone group of compounds. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. 
it appears as a slightly oily colorless to yellow liquid with a strong irritating odor. Noncombustible. Denser than water. Vapors are poisonous by inhalation and irritate eyes, nose, and throat. it is a C-nitro compound that is nitromethane in which all three hydrogens are replaced by chlorines. It is a severe irritant, and can cause immediate, severe inflammation of the eyes, nose and throat, and significant injuries to the upper and lower respiratory tract. Formerly stockpiled as a chemical warfare agent, it has been widely used in the US as a soil fumigant, particularly for strawberry crops. It is not approved for use within the European Union. It has a role as a fumigant insecticide, a nematicide and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a C-nitro compound, a one-carbon compound and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a deoxyinosine phosphate compound having a triphosphate group at the 5'-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and a deoxyinosine phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
7-bromomethyl-12-methyltetraphene is a member of the class of tetraphenes that is tetraphene in which the hydrogens at positions 7 and 12 are replaced by bromomethyl and methyl groups, respectively. It has a role as a mutagen. It is a member of tetraphenes and an organobromine compound. It derives from a hydride of a tetraphene. 
An acyclic nucleoside phosphonate that acts as a competitive inhibitor of viral DNA polymerases. It is used in the treatment of RETINITIS caused by CYTOMEGALOVIRUS INFECTIONS and may also be useful for treating HERPESVIRUS INFECTIONS. 
Synthetic pentapeptide corresponding to the amino acids 32-36 of it and exhibiting the full biological activity of the natural hormone. It is an immunomodulator which has been studied for possible use in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, AIDS, and other primary immunodeficiencies. 
it is a trehalose phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from an alpha,alpha-trehalose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
N(2)-((1-(N(2)-L-Threonyl)-L-lysyl)-L-prolyl)-L-arginine. A tetrapeptide produced in the spleen by enzymatic cleavage of a leukophilic gamma-globulin. It stimulates the phagocytic activity of blood polymorphonuclear leukocytes and neutrophils in particular. The peptide is located in the Fd fragment of the gamma-globulin molecule. 
Camostat Mesylate is the mesylate salt form of camostat, an orally bioavailable, synthetic serine protease inhibitor, with anti-inflammatory, antifibrotic, and potential antiviral activities. Upon oral administration, camostat and its metabolite 4-(4-guanidinobenzoyloxyl)phenyl acetic acid (FOY 251) inhibit the activities of a variety of proteases, including trypsin, kallikrein, thrombin and plasmin, and C1r- and C1 esterases. Although the mechanism of action of camostat is not fully understood, trypsinogen activation in the pancreas is known to be a trigger reaction in the development of pancreatitis. Camostat blocks the activation of trypsinogen to trypsin and the inflammatory cascade that follows. Camostat may also suppress the expression of the cytokines interleukin-1beta (IL-1b), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a) and transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), along with alpha-smooth muscle actin (alpha-SMA). This reduces inflammation and fibrosis of the pancreas. In addition, camostat may inhibit the activity of transmembrane protease, serine 2 (TMPRSS2), a host cell serine protease that mediates viral cell entry for influenza virus and coronavirus, thereby inhibiting viral infection and replication. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-lysine and L-phenylalanine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-lysine and a L-phenylalanine. 
A partial adrenergic agonist with functional beta 1-receptor specificity and inotropic effect. It is effective in the treatment of acute CARDIAC FAILURE, postmyocardial infarction low-output syndrome, SHOCK, and reducing ORTHOSTATIC HYPOTENSION in the SHY-RAGER SYNDROME. 
it is an enantiomer of it having (-)-(2R,3R)-configuration. It has a role as an antidepressant, a plant metabolite and a phytoestrogen. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03444584 (Study of it in Combination With Dapagliflozin and Metformin in Overweight/Obese Subject With Type 2 Diabetes). 
it appears as a fine white to cream crystalline solid. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Denser than water. 
UDP-alpha-D-galactose is a UDP-D-galactose in which the anomeric centre of the galactose moiety has alpha-configuration. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-alpha-D-galactose(2-). 
it is a methyl-branched chain fatty acid that is pent-3-enoic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 4. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a methyl-branched fatty acid, a volatile organic compound, a monounsaturated fatty acid and a short-chain fatty acid. 
it, also known as fema 3312, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ibervirin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is an earthy, horseradish, and sulfurous tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as brassicas, white cabbage, kohlrabi, and root vegetables. This makes ibervirin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of pyridazine having a methoxy substituent at the 6-position and a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 3-position. It has a role as an antiinfective agent, an EC 2.5.1.15 (dihydropteroate synthase) inhibitor and a drug allergen. It is a member of pyridazines, a sulfonamide and a sulfonamide antibiotic. It derives from a sulfanilamide. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone having the three hydroxy gropus located at the 3'-, 5- and 7-positions and an additional methoxy substituent at the 4'-position. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a monomethoxyflavanone, a trihydroxyflavanone, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones and a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of hydroxybiphenyls that is biphenyl-4,4'-diol in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a chlorine. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of hydroxybiphenyls. It derives from a biphenyl-4,4'-diol. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless liquid. Flash point 165Â°F. Lethal by inhalation and highly toxic or lethal by skin absorption. Density 7.8 lb / gal (less dense than water). Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4, 5-disubstituted oxazoles. 4, 5-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 4 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products and mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the acetate salt form of prednisolone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. As a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, it binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors, and causes the ligand-receptor complex to be translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as various cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both potent mediators of inflammation. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cell populations. 
it is a lipophilic, diaminopyrimidine folate antagonist with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in decreased cellular folate metabolism. This may eventually result in a reduction of cellular growth and the induction of apoptosis. In addition, this agent inhibits histamine-N-methyltransferase, resulting in decreased histamine catabolism. Lipid-soluble it is capable of crossing the blood-brain barrier. 
it is a chloroamino acid comprising a tyrosine core with a chloro- substituent ortho to the phenolic hydroxy group. It has a role as a biomarker and a human metabolite. It is a chloroamino acid, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a L-tyrosine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
N,O-dimethyltyramine is a secondary amino compound that is tyramine in which the hydrogen of the phenolic hydroxy group has been replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a secondary amino compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 4-methoxyphenylethylamine, a N-methyltyramine and a tyramine. 
it is a trihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positioms 5, 6 and 3' and methoxy groups at positions 3, 7 and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
Prismatic crystals or powder. Odorless, but develops a faint odor of aliphatic amine upon standing in an open container. Cholinergic, parasympathomimetic, used chiefly in large animals, especially for colic in the horse. (EPA, 1998) it is an ammonium salt and a carbamate ester. It has a role as a nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist, a muscarinic agonist, a non-narcotic analgesic, a cardiotonic drug and a miotic. it is a synthetic choline ester and a positively charged quaternary ammonium compound. it is a parasympathomimetic that mimics the effect of acetylcholine on both the muscarinic and nicotinic receptors. This drug is administered ocularly to induce miosis to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of glaucoma. it is also used to stimulate micturition by contraction of detrusor muscle. This drug may cause hypotension, bradycardia, nausea, vomiting, bronchospasm, and abdominal cramps. 
it is an aryl phosphate resulting from the formal condensation of phosphoric acid with 1 mol eq. of 2-naphthol. It is a substrate for phosphatase. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It derives from a 2-naphthol. 
it is a tricyclic triterpenoid that is perhydro-1H-cyclopenta[a]naphthalene that is substituted bu methyl groups at positions 3a, 6, 6, and 9a, by a hydroxy group at position 7, and by a (2R,5E)-2-hydroxy-6,10-dimethylundeca-5,9-dien-2-yl group at position 3 (the 3R,3aR,5aR,7S,9aR,9bR-isomer). It is a secondary alcohol, a tertiary alcohol and a tricyclic triterpenoid. 
it is a member of the class of oxindoles that is oxindole (1,3-dihydro-2H-indol-2-one) in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 has been replaced by a methyl group. It is a member of oxindoles and a methylindole. 
it is a benzothiazolium ion obtained by methylation of the thiazole nitrogen of 2-[4-(dimethylamino)phenyl]-6-methyl-1,3-benzothiazole; the cationic component of thioflavin T. 
it is an eremophilane sesquiterpenoid that is (+)-5-epi-aristolochene bearing additional 1beta- and 3alpha-hydroxy substituents. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a (+)-5-epi-aristolochene. 
it is a 1,4-benzoquinone that is substituted at positions 2 and 5 have been replaced by aziridin-1-yl groups and at positions 3 and 6 by (ethoxycarbonyl)amino groups. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an alkylating agent. It is a carbamate ester, a member of aziridines, an enamine and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. it is a water-soluble, synthetic it with potential antineoplastic activity. Bioactivation of it RH1 occurs through the two-electron reduction of the quinone to the hydroquinone by the two-electron quinone reductase DT-diaphorase (DTD). The resultant hydroquinone selectively alkylates and cross-links DNA at the 5'-GNC-3' sequence, inihibiting DNA replication, inducing apoptosis, and inhibiting tumor cell proliferation. DTD is over-expressed in many tumors relative to normal tissue, including lung, colon, breast and liver tumors. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, xi-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, xi-it can be found in fruits. This makes xi-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a fatty amide obtained from linoleic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
it is the succinate salt form of desvenlafaxine, a synthetic phenethylamine bicyclic derivative with antidepressant activity. Desvenlafaxine is a selective reuptake inhibitor of serotonin and norepinephrine due to its high binding affinities to the pre-synaptic serotonin and norepinephrine transporters. By blocking both transporters, this agent prolongs neurotransmitter activities of both serotonin and norepinephrine, thereby alleviating depressive state. 
it is a mixture of highly sulfated, monophosphorylated mannose oligosaccharides, derived from the extracellular phosphomannan of the yeast Pichia (Hansenula) holstii, with potential antiangiogenic activity. it inhibits the endo-beta-D-glucuronidase heparanase, which may interfere with the heparanase-mediated degradation of heparan-sulfate proteoglycans in extracellular matrices, an important step in the metastatic process. This agent may also bind with high affinity to the heparan sulfate-binding domains of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and fibroblast growth factors 1 and 2, thereby reducing their functional activities and inhibiting VEGF and FGF stimulation of tumor angiogenesis. Increased heparanase activity has been implicated in tumor angiogenesis and metastasis. 
it is a synthetic analog of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). it binds to and activates pituitary gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors. Prolonged administration of it results in sustained inhibition of gonadotropin production, suppression of testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis, and reduced levels of circulating gonadotropin and gonadal steroids. it is more potent that GnRH. (NCI04) 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is 4-hydroxybenzoic acid substituted by a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite. It is a member of toluenes and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is a member of class of phenols that is 2-methoxyphenol substituted by a 3-hydroxypropyl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a primary alcohol and a eugenol. 
it is a member of the class of bipyridines that is 2,3'-bipyridine which is substituted at the 3, 5, and 6' positions by 4-(methylsulfonyl)phenyl, chlorine, and methyl groups, respectively. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a sulfone, a member of bipyridines and an organochlorine compound. it is a synthetic, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with antipyretic, analgesic, and potential antineoplastic properties. it specifically binds to and inhibits the enzyme cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), resulting in inhibition of the conversion of arachidonic acid into prostaglandins. Inhibition of COX-2 may induce apoptosis and inhibit tumor cell proliferation and angiogenesis. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is ibuprofen in which one of the methyl groups in the isobutyl portion has been converted to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It derives from an ibuprofen. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion and a it(2-). 
Pentostatin is a purine analogue and antineoplastic agent used in the therapy of hairy cell leukemia and T cell lymphomas. Pentostatin is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy and has been linked to rare instances of severe acute liver injury with jaundice. 
it is an anthrapyrazole-based antineoplastic antibiotic. it intercalates into DNA, induces single- and double-stranded DNA breaks and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair as well as RNA and protein synthesis. it is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin. 
it appears as a white crystalline, odorless powder. Slightly denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is an organoarsonic acid salt and an organic sodium salt. It has a role as an antisyphilitic drug. It contains an arsanilate(1-). 
it is a fatty amide consisting of pentanamide having an amino substituent at the 5-position. It is a conjugate base of a 5-ammoniopentanamide. 
This material is a chemical weapon or chemical weapon impurity that is similar to the chemical weapon lewisite. See the chemical datasheet for lewisite for more information. 
3-Digalloyl-4, 5-di-O-galloylquinic acid, also known as 3, 3, 4, 5-tetragqa or 3-dig-4, 5-gqa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as depsides and depsidones. These are polycyclic compounds that is either a polyphenolic compound composed of two or more monocyclic aromatic units linked by an ester bond (depside), or a compound containing the depsidone structure (depsidone). 3-Digalloyl-4, 5-di-O-galloylquinic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-digalloyl-4, 5-di-O-galloylquinic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
A conditionally essential nutrient, important during mammalian development. It is present in milk but is isolated mostly from ox bile and strongly conjugates bile acids. 
it is an aminopyrimidine that is 2,4-diaminopyrimidine in which the hydrogen at position 5 has been replaced by a 4-bromo-3,5-dimethoxybenzyl group. It has a role as an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor, an antiinfective agent and an antibacterial drug. It is an aminopyrimidine, a member of bromobenzenes and a member of methoxybenzenes. 
Ziprasidone Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of ziprasidone, a benzothiazolylpiperazine derivative and an atypical antipsychotic agent with an antischizophrenic property. Ziprasidone hydrochloride functions as an antagonist at the dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2A and 5-HT1D receptors, and as an agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor. Ziprasidone hydrochloride also inhibits synaptic reuptake of serotonin and norepinephrine. The mechanism of action by which ziprasidone hydrochloride exerts its antischizophrenic effect is unknown but is potentially mediated through a combination of dopamine D2 and serotonin 5-HT2 antagonism. This agent also has antagonistic activity against histamine H1 and alpha-1-adrenergic receptors. 
it is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid that is the N-acetyl derivative of L-threonine. It is a L-threonine derivative and a N-acetyl-L-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-threoninate. 
it is a monoterpenoid that is 4,5,6,7-tetrahydro-1-benzofuran substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 6. It has a role as a nematicide and a plant metabolite. It is a member of 1-benzofurans and a monoterpenoid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of CANCER, LYMPHOMA, Solid Neoplasm, Recurrent Solid Neoplasm, and Advanced Malignant Neoplasm, among others. 
it is a 2-lysophosphatidic acid. It has a role as a mitogen and a human metabolite. It derives from an octadec-9-enoic acid. 
it (anhydrous) is 3-(3,4-Dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid in which the hydrogens alpha- to the carboxyl group are substituted by hydrazinyl and methyl groups (S-configuration). it is a dopa decarboxylase inhibitor, so prevents conversion of levodopa to dopamine. It has no antiparkinson activity by itself, but is used (commonly as its hydrate) in the management of Parkinson's disease to reduce peripheral adverse effects of levodopa. It has a role as an EC 4.1.1.28 (aromatic-L-amino-acid decarboxylase) inhibitor, an antiparkinson drug and a dopaminergic agent. It is a member of hydrazines, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of catechols. it is the anhydrous, levorotatory isomer of a synthetic hydrazine derivative of the neurotransmitter dopamine. it, a peripheral dopa decarboxylase inhibitor, is used as an adjunct with levodopa to prevent levodopa degradation to dopamine in extracerebral tissue, thereby decreasing the peripheral side effects of levodopa. it does not penetrate the blood brain barrier; therefore, it does not interfere with the central nervous system (CNS) metabolism of levodopa to the active neurotransmitter dopamine which, in high concentrations in the brain, has anti-parkinsonian effects. 
20-hydroxy-20-oxoleukotriene B4 is a member of the class of leukotrienes that is leukotriene B4 in which the terminal methyl group has undergone formal oxidation to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is a leukotriene, an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid and a hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from a leukotriene B4. It is a conjugate acid of a 20-hydroxy-20-oxoleukotriene B4(2-). 
it is a 3-oxo-Delta(4)-steroid that is progesterone in which the hydrogen at the 6beta-position is substituted by a hydroxy group. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 6beta-hydroxy steroid. 
it is typhasterol in which the oxygen atom of the keto group has been substituted by two hydrogen atoms. A member of a biosynthetic pathway to castasterone, it has been isolated from the primary roots of maize. It is a sterol, a brassinosteroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 23-hydroxy steroid and a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a typhasterol. 
it is an omega-carboxyacyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with one of the carboxy groups of glutaric acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a glutaryl-CoA(5-). 
1-Acetyl-2-methylcyclopentene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. 1-Acetyl-2-methylcyclopentene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1-Acetyl-2-methylcyclopentene has been primarily detected in saliva. Within the cell, 1-acetyl-2-methylcyclopentene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it or 3-oxopropionyl-CoA, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Thus, it is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, it is involved in the propanoate metabolism pathway. it is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include the methylmalonic aciduria due to cobalamin-related disorders pathway, malonyl-CoA decarboxylase deficiency, and the malonic aciduria pathway. 
it is a pyrazolopyrimidine that is pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine which is substituted at positions 3 and 6 by pyridin-4-yl and p-[2-(piperidin-1-yl)ethoxy]phenyl groups, respectively. It is a potent, selective, reversible, and ATP-competitive inhibitor of AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase, EC 2.7.11.31) and a selective inhibitor of bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) signaling. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.31 {[hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase (NADPH)] kinase} inhibitor and a bone morphogenetic protein receptor antagonist. It is a pyrazolopyrimidine, a member of piperidines, an aromatic ether and a member of pyridines. 
N-{5-chloro-4-[(4-chlorophenyl)(cyano)methyl]-2-methylphenyl}-2-hydroxy-3,5-diiodobenzamide is an aromatic amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,5-diiodosalicylic acid with the amino group of aniline substituted at positions 2, 4, and 5 by methyl, (4-chlorophenyl)(cyano)methyl, and methyl groups respectively. It is a nitrile, a member of phenols, an organoiodine compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an aromatic amide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 3-bromopyruvic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It derives from a pyruvate. It is a conjugate base of a 3-bromopyruvic acid. 
Dinitrophenols are a class of manufactured chemicals that do not occur naturally in the environment. There are six different dinitrophenols. The most commercially important dinitrophenol, 2,4-di-nitrophenol (DNP), is a yellow solid with no smell. It is used in making dyes, wood preservatives, explosives, insect control substances, and other chemicals, and as a photographic developer. It was used in diet pills in the 1930s but was banned for this use in 1938. It may be sold under several trade names, including Caswell No. 392, Sulfo Black B, and Nitro Kleenup. Use of trade names is for identification only and does not imply endorsement by the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, the Public Health Service, or the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services. it is a phenolate anion obtained from 2,4-dinitrophenol. It is the major microspecies at pH 7.3 (according to Marvin v 6.2.0.). It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 2,4-dinitrophenol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diterpenoids. These are terpene compounds formed by four isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyrimidone that is uracil which is substituted at positions 1, 5 and 6 by ethoxymethyl, isopropyl, and benzyl groups, respectively. A non-nucleoside inhibitor of HIV-1 reverse transcriptase, it was an unsuccessful experimental agent for the treatment of HIV. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It derives from a uracil. it is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor. it has a structure typical of a nucleoside analog but has been shown to bind directly to the reverse transcriptase and act as an NNRTI. However, it is no longer in development due to the fact that it causes an increasingly rapid breakdown of other drugs metabolized by the cytochrome P450 enzyme. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic that is erythromycin A in which the ketone group has been converted into the corresponding imine and then reduced to give the corresponding amino compound (the 9S diastereoisomer). 
it is an alkyl sulfate that is the monomethyl ester of sulfuric acid. It is a one-carbon compound and an alkyl sulfate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as fema 3708, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a fruity, green, and musty tasting compound that can be found in milk and milk products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Buserelin is a synthetic analog of gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). Buserelin binds to and activates pituitary gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors. Prolonged administration of buserelin results in sustained inhibition of gonadotropin production, suppression of testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis, and reduced levels of circulating gonadotropin and gonadal steroids. Buserelin is more potent that GnRH. (NCI04) 
Primobolan is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva. it is an orally available, selective retinoic acid receptor gamma agonist. it selectively binds to the gamma retinoid agonist, thereby reducing inflammation and enhancing repair. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carbazoles. Carbazoles are compounds containing a three ring system containing a pyrrole ring fused on either side to a benzene ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a naphthoic acid that is 2-naphthoic acid substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 4. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid, a naphthoic acid, a member of naphthalenediols and a naphthohydroquinone. It derives from a 2-naphthoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,4-dihydroxy-2-naphthoate. 
it appears as a white powder. Combustible and readily ignited. Easily ignites if contaminated with combustible materials. May explode under exposure to heat or fire. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it is a fatty acid ethyl ester of nonanoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a nonanoic acid. 
5-hydroxylysine is a hydroxylysine that is lysine substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5. It is a conjugate base of a 5-hydroxylysinium. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-hydroxylysinate. 
it is an organochlorine pesticide consisting of 1,3-diphenylurea having chloro substituents at the 3-, 4- and 5'-positions and a 4-chloro-2-sulfophenoxy group at the 2'-position. It has a role as an epitope and an insecticide. It is an organochlorine pesticide, an arenesulfonic acid, a dichlorobenzene and a member of phenylureas. It derives from a 1,3-diphenylurea. It is a conjugate acid of a itate. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining pyridoxamine with two molar equivalents of hydrochloric acid. Used for treatment of diabetic nephropathy. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a plant metabolite, an iron chelator and a nephroprotective agent. It contains a pyridoxamine(2+). 
Clusters of needles after drying at 221Â°F. Turns yellow on exposure to light or heat. An injectable form of emetine, an anti amebic. Emetine is the active ingredient of ipecac. (EPA, 1998) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroidal saponins. These are saponins in which the aglycone moiety is a steroid. The steroidal aglycone is usually a spirostane, furostane, spirosolane, solanidane, or curcubitacin derivative. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N-(carboxymethyl)-L-alanine is an L-alanine derivative that is L-alanine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by a carboxymethyl group. It is a marine metabolite which acts as a fish attractant. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an animal metabolite. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and a L-alanine derivative. It derives from an iminodiacetic acid. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate of the tosylate salt of edoxaban. Used for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. It has a role as an anticoagulant, an EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It contains an edoxaban tosylate. 
it is a synthetic quinolinecarboxylic acid analogue with antineoplastic properties. it inhibits the enzyme dihydroorotate dehydrogenase, thereby blocking de novo pyrimidine biosynthesis. This agent may also enhance the in vivo antitumor effect of antineoplastic agents such as 5-FU. (NCI04) 
it is an N-(1-benzylpyrrolidin-3-yl)-5,6-dimethylthieno[2,3-d]pyrimidin-4-amine in which the chiral centre has S configuration. Both enantiomers act as fatty acid synthase inhibitors, although the (S)-enantiomer was found to be more than 4 times as active as the (R)-enantiomer. It has a role as a fatty acid synthesis inhibitor and an EC 2.3.1.85 (fatty acid synthase) inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-Fasnall. 
it is a monohydroxybenzoic acid that is 4-hydroxybenzoic acid carrying an additional amino substitutent at position 3. It is an aminobenzoic acid and a monohydroxybenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-amino-4-hydroxybenzoate. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid that is strychnine in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a methoxy group. It is a minor alkaloid from Strychnos nux-vomica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteroheptacyclic compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a strychnine. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 3,5-dibromo-4-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and an organobromine compound. It derives from a pyruvic acid and a 2,6-dibromophenol. 
it, also known as butyl benzene acetate or butyl alpha-toluate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a chocolate, honey, and rose tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a methylated derivate of tetrahydrofolate. It is generated by methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase from 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate and used to recycle homocysteine back to methionine by 5-methyltetrahydrofolate-homocysteine methyltransferases (also called methionine synthases). 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester of lauric acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a fatty acid methyl ester and a dodecanoate ester. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion resulting from the deprotonation of both ot the carboxy groups of 5,6,6'-trihydroxy-5'-methoxy[biphenyl]-3,3'-dicarboxylic acid. The major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is an aromatic carboxylate and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of a 5,6,6'-trihydroxy-5'-methoxy[biphenyl]-3,3'-dicarboxylic acid. 
it is a pyrazole pesticide that is 1,3-dimethylpyrazol-5-ol in thich the hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a 2-(methylsulfonyl)-4-(trifluoromethyl)benzoyl group. A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase inhibitor, it is used as a herbicide (particularly in conjunction with the safener mefenpyr-diethyl) to control various broad-leaved weeds. It has a role as a herbicide, a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It is a pyrazole pesticide, an aromatic ketone, a sulfone and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it is a copalyl diphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). It is an enantiomer of a 5alpha,9alpha,10beta-labda-8(20),13-dien-15-yl diphosphate. 
it is a member of the class of azobenzenes that is azobenzene in which one of the phenyl groups is substituted at position 4 by an ethoxycarbonyl group, while the other is substituted by a carboxymethyl group at position 3 and a hydroxy group at position 4. It is a potent and selective inhibitor of 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (15-hydroxy-PGDH). It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.141 [15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor. It is a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an ethyl ester, a member of azobenzenes and a member of phenols. 
it is a pale yellow to tan crystalline powder with a disagreeable odor. (NTP, 1992) 1,3-benzothiazole-2-thiol is 1,3-Benzothiazole substituted at the 2-position with a sulfanyl group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a metabolite. It is a member of benzothiazoles and an aryl thiol. 
it appears as fine white crystalline powder with a slightly bitter taste. Little or no odor. (NTP, 1992) it is the monohydrate of cyclophosphamide. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent, an alkylating agent and a carcinogenic agent. It contains a cyclophosphamide. 
P1, P4-Bis(5'-adenosyl) tetraphosphate, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as (5'->5')-dinucleotides. These are dinucleotides where the two bases are connected via a (5'->5')-phosphodiester linkage. P1, P4-Bis(5'-adenosyl) tetraphosphate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, P1, P4-bis(5'-adenosyl) tetraphosphate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
A sulfonic acid-based naphthylazo dye used as a coloring agent for foodstuffs and medicines and as a dye and chemical indicator. It was banned by the FDA in 1976 for use in foods, drugs, and cosmetics. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) 
3-Methyl-1, 2, 4-trithiane, also known as 1, 2, 4-trithiane, 3-methyl or fema 3718, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trithianes. These are organic compounds containing a six-member aliphatic saturated heterocycle made up of three sulfur atoms and three carbon atoms. 3-Methyl-1, 2, 4-trithiane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-methyl-1, 2, 4-trithiane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3-Methyl-1, 2, 4-trithiane exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Outside of the human body, 3-methyl-1, 2, 4-trithiane can be found in fats and oils and fruits. This makes 3-methyl-1, 2, 4-trithiane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an azamacrocyle in which four nitrogen atoms at positions 1, 4, 7 and 10 of a twelve-membered ring are each substituted with a carboxymethyl group. It has a role as a chelator. It derives from a hydride of a 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane. 
it is a member of the class of biotins that is biotin sulfoxide with a sulfone group replacing the sulfoxide. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of biotins and a sulfone. It derives from a biotin sulfoxide. 
it is an oxo monocarboxylic acid that is (3-oxocyclopentyl)acetic acid substituted by a (2Z)-pent-2-en-1-yl group at position 2 of the cyclopentane ring. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a member of its. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (+)-it. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quinoline carboxylic acids. These are quinolines in which the quinoline ring system is substituted by a carboxyl group at one or more positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
4-Hydroxy-1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-4-methylpent-1-en-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamic acids and derivatives. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a benzene and a carboxylic acid group (or a derivative thereof) forming 3-phenylprop-2-enoic acid. 4-Hydroxy-1-(4-methoxyphenyl)-4-methylpent-1-en-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a flavanone 7-O-beta-D-glucoside that is (S)-naringenin substituted by a beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a metabolite, a hypoglycemic agent, an antilipemic drug and an antibacterial agent. It is a flavanone 7-O-beta-D-glucoside, a dihydroxyflavanone, a monosaccharide derivative, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. 
it is a methyl-branched, trienoic fatty acid consisting of dodeca-2,6,10-trienoic acid having three methyl substituents at the 3-, 7- and 11-positions. It has a role as a signalling molecule. It is a methyl-branched fatty acid, a trienoic fatty acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a dodeca-2,6,10-trienoic acid. 
1-(2,4-difluorophenyl)-6-fluoro-7-(3-methylpiperazin-1-yl)-4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid is a quinolone that is 4-oxo-1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid which is substituted at positions 1, 6, and 7 by 2,4-difluorophenyl, fluorine, and 3-methylpiperazin-1-yl groups, respectively. It is a quinolone, an amino acid, a monocarboxylic acid, an organofluorine compound, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary amino compound, a N-arylpiperazine and a quinolone antibiotic. 
Atropine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of atropine, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. Atropine functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) 
it appears as a white crystalline solid having the odor of ammonia. Soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Used to make other ammonium compounds, in food processing, and for other uses. 
it is a carbobicyclic compound that is prostaglandin I2 in which the endocyclic oxygen is replaced by a methylene group and in which the (1E,3S)-3-hydroxyoct-1-en-1-yl side chain is replaced by a (3R)-3-hydroxy-4-methyloct-1-en-6-yn-1-yl group. A synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, it is used as the trometamol salt (generally by intravenous infusion) for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease and pulmonary hypertension. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a vasodilator agent. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. it is a prostacyclin analogue with potential chemopreventive activity. it binds to the prostacyclin receptor in various target cells, thereby causing vasodilation, inhibition of platelet aggregation, and decreased tumor cell adhesion to endothelium among other effects. Prostacyclin is a naturally occurring eicosanoid with anti-inflammatory, antineoplastic, and anti-metastatic properties. (NCI05) 
it is the stable isotope of iron with relative atomic mass 56.935399, 2.1 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 1/2. 
it is a colorless crystalline solid having a faint odor. It is combustible though it may take some effort to ignite. It is soluble in water. It is used to make other chemicals and for dyeing and finishing naturally occurring fibers. it is a butenedioic acid in which the double bond has cis- (Z)-configuration. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an algal metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a maleate(1-) and a maleate. it is an organic salt or ester of it that could be conjugated to free base compounds/drugs to improve the physiochemical properties including stability, solubility and dissolution rate. (NCI) 
it is a sesquiterpenoid commonly found in potatoes. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a sesquiterpenoid, an acetate ester, an organic heterotricyclic compound and a cyclic ether. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpyruvic acid derivatives. Phenylpyruvic acid derivatives are compounds containing a phenylpyruvic acid moiety, which consists of a phenyl group substituted at the second position by an pyruvic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Gly-norvaline belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Gly-norvaline is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless gas. Denser than air. Prolonged exposure to intense heat may cause the containers to rupture violently and rocket. it is a terminal acetylenic compound that is butane carrying a triple bond at position 1. It is an alkyne and a terminal acetylenic compound. 
it appears as a colorless to light yellow liquid which is fairly soluble and is less dense than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it is a hydrate that is the hexahydrate form of magnesium dichloride. It is a hydrate, a magnesium halide and an inorganic chloride. It contains a magnesium dichloride. 
it is a phenylureathat is urea substituted by 4-chloro-2-hydroxyphenyl and 3,4-dichlorophenyl groups at positions 1 and 3 respectively. A metabolite of triclocarban. It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. 
it is a synthetic tripeptide consisting of N-(tert-butylcarbamoyl)-3-methyl-L-valyl, a cyclopropyl-fused prolyl and 3-amino-4-cyclobutyl-2-oxobutanamide residues joined in sequence. Used for treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1 infection. It has a role as a hepatitis C protease inhibitor, a peptidomimetic and an antiviral drug. It is a tripeptide and a member of ureas. it is an orally bioavailable, synthetic tripeptide inhibitor of the nonstructural protein 3 and 4A complex (NS3/NS4A), with potential activity against hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype 1. Upon administration, it reversibly binds to the active center of the HCV NS3/NS4A and prevents NS3/NS4A protease-mediated polyprotein maturation. This disrupts the processing of viral proteins and the formation of a viral replication complex, which inhibits viral replication in HCV genotrype 1-infected host cells. NS3, a serine protease, is essential for the proteolytic cleavages within the HCV polyprotein and plays a key role during HCV viral RNA replication. NS4A is an activating factor for NS3. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family. 
it (also known as it) is an aminoglycoside antibiotic similar in structure to gentamicin B1, produced by Micromonospora rhodorangea. it blocks polypeptide synthesis by inhibiting the elongation step in both prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells and is commonly used in laboratory research to select genetically engineered cells. Resistance to it is conferred by the neo gene from Tn5 encoding an aminoglycoside 3â€˜-phosphotransferase, APH 3â€˜ II. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an alcohol odor. Flash point below 0Â° F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Soluble in water. Moderately irritates the eyes and skin. Prolonged and repeated contact may cause defatting and drying of the skin. Vapors may irritate the nose, throat and respiratory tract. May be harmful by ingestion. it is a secondary alcohol that is butane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It derives from a hydride of a butane. 
it is a diterpene alkaloid of group of neo-clerodanes isolated from the whole plants of Scutellaria barbata and has been shown to exhibit neoplastic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a diterpene alkaloid, a pyridine alkaloid, an acetate ester, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an oxaspiro compound. 
it is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as octadecanoyl (stearoyl). It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a N-acylsphingosine and a N-stearoyl-sphingoid base. It derives from an octadecanoic acid. 
it is a terpene lactone that is obtained from Codinea simplex and acts as an inhibitor of glycerophosphoinositol biosynthesis. It has a role as a fungal metabolite and a glycerophosphoinositol synthesis inhibitor. It is a terpene lactone, a tertiary alcohol and an olefinic compound. 
An antihypertensive agent that acts by inhibiting selectively transmission in post-ganglionic adrenergic nerves. It is believed to act mainly by preventing the release of norepinephrine at nerve endings and causes depletion of norepinephrine in peripheral sympathetic nerve terminals as well as in tissues. 
it is a white odorless crystalline powder. Water insoluble. Properties (both physical and chemical) vary according to the method of preparation; different methods give different crystalline modifications. The variety formed at very high temperature is quite inert chemically. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is 3alpha-hydroxy epimer of maslinic acid. Isolated from Prunella vulgaris and Isodon japonicus, it exhibits anti-inflammatory activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a dihydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a bisindole alkaloid that is quinone bearing hydroxy substituents at positions 2 and 5 and two indol-3-yl groups at positions 3 and 6, one of which is carrying a prenyl group at position 6. Isolated from the culture broth of Chrysosporium merdarium, it acts as an inhibitor of HIV-1 protease and EGF-R protein tyrosine kinase. It has a role as a metabolite, an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist and a HIV protease inhibitor. It is a bisindole alkaloid and a member of dihydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03425539 (Efficacy and Safety of it Oral Monotherapy in Adult Subjects With Fabry Disease). 
it is the (pharmacologically active) (S)-(+)-enantiomer of brompheniramine. A histamine H1 receptor antagonist, it is used (commonly as its maleate salt) for the symptomatic relief of allergic conditions, including rhinitis and conjunctivitis. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist and an anti-allergic agent. it is an alkylamine derivative with anticholinergic and sedative properties. it is a histamine H1-receptor antagonist that competes with histamine for the H1-receptor sites on effector cells in the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. The antagonistic action of this agent blocks the activities of endogenous histamine, which subsequently leads to temporary relief from the negative histamine-mediated symptoms of allergic reaction such as bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. 
it is a it and the D-enantiomer of ribopyranose. It is a ribopyranose and a it. It is an enantiomer of a L-ribopyranose. 
it is a 1-(phosphoribosyl)imidazolecarboxamide that is acadesine in which the hydroxy group at the 5' position has been converted to its monophosphate derivative. It has a role as a cardiovascular drug, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 1-(phosphoribosyl)imidazolecarboxamide and an aminoimidazole. It derives from an acadesine. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-amino-1-(5-phospho-D-ribosyl)imidazole-4-carboxamide(2-). 
it is an aldehyde that is propanal substituted by an acetoxy group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aldehyde and an acetate ester. 
it is a monohydroxycinnamic acid in which the hydroxy substituent is located at C-3 of the phenyl ring. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-coumarate. 
it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea in which one of the amino groups has been substituted by a 5-tert-butyl-1,2-oxazol-3-yl group while the other has been substituted by a phenyl group substituted at the para- position by an imidazo[2,1-b][1,3]benzothiazol-2-yl group that, in turn, is substituted at position 7 by a 2-(morpholin-4-yl)ethoxy group. It has a role as an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a benzoimidazothiazole, a member of morpholines, a member of isoxazoles and a member of phenylureas. it is an orally available small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits class III receptor tyrosine kinases, including FMS-related tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3/STK1), colony-stimulating factor 1 receptor (CSF1R/FMS), stem cell factor receptor (SCFR/KIT), and platelet derived growth factor receptors (PDGFRs), resulting in inhibition of ligand-independent leukemic cell proliferation and apoptosis. Mutations in FLT3, resulting in constitutive activation, are the most frequent genetic alterations in acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and occur in approximately one-third of AML cases. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of a piperidine derivative with neurocognitive-enhancing activity. Donepezil reversibly inhibits acetylcholinesterase, thereby blocking the hydrolysis of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine and, consequently, increasing its activity. This agent may improve neurocognitive function in Alzheimer's disease, reduce sedation associated with opioid treatment of cancer pain, and improve neurocognitive function in patients who have received radiation therapy for primary brain tumors or brain metastases. 
3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-6, 7-diol, also known as 4'67-trihydroxyisoflavan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isoflavanols. These are polycyclic compounds containing a hydroxylated isoflavan skeleton. 3-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-6, 7-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as nuts, fruits, pulses, and onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the (Z)-isomer of 2-methylbut-2-enoic acid. It is found in plant species of the family Apiaceae. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an isocrotonic acid. 
(S)-alpha-methyl-4-carboxyphenylglycine is a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid that is alanine in which the alpha-hydrogen is replaced by a 4-carboxyphenyl group (the S-enantiomer). It is a non-selective group I/group II metabotropic glutamate receptor (mGluR) antagonist. It has a role as a metabotropic glutamate receptor antagonist. 
it is a phosphorus oxoacid that consists of a single pentavalent phosphorus covalently bound via single bonds to a single hydrogen and two hydroxy groups and via a double bond to an oxygen. The parent of the class of its. It has a role as a fungicide. It is a member of its and a phosphorus oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a phosphonate(1-). It is a tautomer of a phosphorous acid. 
it is a heterobicyclic compound that is trandolapril in which the ethyl ester group has been hydrolysed to the corresponding acid group. It is the active metabolite of the prodrug trandolapril. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and a drug metabolite. It is an organic heterobicyclic compound, a dipeptide, a secondary amino compound, a tertiary carboxamide and a dicarboxylic acid. it is a non-sulfhydryl angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. it competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II and results in vasodilation. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices, sweet basil, and sweet bay. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A histamine H1 antagonist used as an antiemetic, antitussive, for dermatoses and pruritus, for hypersensitivity reactions, as a hypnotic, an antiparkinson, and as an ingredient in common cold preparations. It has some undesired antimuscarinic and sedative effects. 
A mammalian neuropeptide of 10 amino acids that belongs to the tachykinin family. It is similar in structure and action to SUBSTANCE P and NEUROKININ B with the ability to excite neurons, dilate blood vessels, and contract smooth muscles, such as those in the BRONCHI. 
2-[(Ethylthio)methyl]furan, also known as (2-furfurylthio)ethane or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2-[(Ethylthio)methyl]furan is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-[(ethylthio)methyl]furan is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2-[(ethylthio)methyl]furan can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2-[(ethylthio)methyl]furan a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a naphthyridine in which the nitrogens are at positions 1 and 4. It is a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent, an ortho-fused heteroarene and a naphthyridine. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 3-acetamido-3,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-galactopyranose (3-amino-3-deoxy-alpha-D-fucopyranose) as the sugar component. It derives from a 3-amino-3,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-galactopyranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate having adenine as the nucleobase. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of an it(3-) and an it(2-). 
Cefotaxime is a third generation semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefotaxime inhibits mucopeptide synthesis by binding to and inactivating penicillin binding proteins thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of bacterial cell walls. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it is a N-methyl-L-alpha-amino acid with L-glutamic acid as the amino acid component. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a N-methyl-L-alpha-amino acid and a methyl-L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a bromo fatty acid that is hexadecanoic (palmitic) acid carrying a single bromo substituent at position 2. It has a role as a fatty acid oxidation inhibitor. It is a bromo fatty acid, a straight-chain fatty acid, a long-chain fatty acid and a 2-bromocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is 4-Aminobenzoic acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a butyl group. 
it is a it that is the conjugate base of maleylacetic acid. It is a conjugate base of a maleylacetic acid. 
it is a phenolic compound, the structure of which is that of methamphetamine methyl-substituted at the 4-position of the phenyl ring. It is a member of phenols and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a methamphetamine. 
it is a phosphorodiamide that is the active metabolite of the nitrogen mustard cyclophosphamide. It has potent antineoplastic and immunosuppressive properties. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an immunosuppressive agent, an alkylating agent, a metabolite and a drug allergen. It is a phosphorodiamide, a nitrogen mustard, a peroxol and an organochlorine compound. Perfosfamide is the active metabolite of the nitrogen mustard cyclophosphamide with potent antineoplastic and immunosuppressive properties. Perfosfamide alkylates DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and RNA and protein synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a macrocyclic organosiloxane composed from seven units of dimethylsiloxane. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is an organosiloxane and a macrocycle. 
Mixtures of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). They have been used in the treatment of hypertension but have largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. 
D-glucopyranose 6-phosphate is a glucopyranose ring with a phosphate replacing the hydroxy in the hydroxymethyl group at position 6. It is a D-it and a D-hexopyranose 6-phosphate. It derives from a D-glucopyranose. It is a conjugate acid of a D-glucopyranose 6-phosphate(2-). 
Tin chloride, also known as SNCL4 or stannic chloride, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as post-transition metal chlorides. These are inorganic compounds in which the largest halogen atom is Chlorine, and the heaviest metal atom is a post-transition metal. Tin chloride exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Tin chloride is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is an organic thiophosphate that is the S-benzyl O,O-diisopropyl ester of phosphorothioic acid. Used as a rice fungicide to control leaf and ear blast, stem rot and sheath blight. It has a role as a phospholipid biosynthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. 
it is a GDP-D-mannuronate in which the anomeric centre of the mannuronate fragment has alpha-configuration. It is a conjugate base of a GDP-alpha-D-mannuronic acid. 
it is a 1-(1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl)acetone that has R configuration. It is a pyrrolidine alkaloid found in the coca plant, Erythroxylum coca. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a 1-(1-methylpyrrolidin-2-yl)acetone and a pyrrolidine alkaloid. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. 
2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 8a-Hexahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one, also known as 3, 4-dihydro-3-oxoedulan, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzopyrans. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to a pyran ring. Pyran a six-membered heterocyclic, non-aromatic ring, made up of five carbon atoms and one oxygen atom and containing two double bonds. 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 8a-Hexahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 8a-hexahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 8a-hexahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one can be found in alcoholic beverages and fruits. This makes 2, 3, 5, 6, 8, 8a-hexahydro-2, 5, 5, 8a-tetramethyl-7H-1-benzopyran-7-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Amphotericin B is a polyene antifungal antibiotic produced by Streptomyces nodosus, with antifungal activity. Amphotericin B binds to ergosterol, an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, thereby causing depolarization of the membrane and altering cell membrane permeability. This leads to leakage of important intracellular components, cell rupture, and eventually cell death. This agent may also induce oxidative damage in fungal cells and has been reported to stimulate host immune cells. 
PF-00477736 is a diazepinoindole that is 8-amino-4,5-dihydro-6H-[1,2]diazepino[4,5,6-cd]indol-6-one which is substituted at position 2 by a 1-methylpyrazol-4-yl group and in which the amino group at position 8 has undergone condensation with the carboxy group of (2R)-2-cyclohexylglycine to give the corresponding carboxamide. It is an inhibitor of checkpoint kinase 1 (Chk 1). It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.1 (non-specific serine/threonine protein kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an amino acid amide, a member of pyrazoles and a diazepinoindole. 
it is a doubly-charged N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid anion resulting from deprotonation of both carboxy groups of N-acetyl-L-aspartic acid. It has a role as an antioxidant, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a N-acyl-L-alpha-amino acid anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It derives from a L-aspartate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a N-acetyl-L-aspartic acid. 
it is a sulfoglycosphingolipid that is sphingosine substituted on O-1 by a 3-O-sulfo-beta-D-galactosyl group; sulfatide in which one acyl chain has been removed by ozonolysis. 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is genistein attached to a alpha-L-6-deoxy-talopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. Isolated from Kitasatospora kifunensis, it exhibits antifungal activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antifungal agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a NF-kappaB inhibitor. It is a glycosyloxyisoflavone, a hydroxyisoflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a genistein. 
Condensation products of aromatic amines and aldehydes forming azomethines substituted on the N atom, containing the general formula R-N:CHR. (From Grant and Hackh's Chemical Dictionary, 5th ed) 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of trihexyphenidyl, a synthetic, substituted piperidine with parasympatholytic activity used mostly in Parkinson's disease. it antagonizes activities of acetylcholine via muscarinic receptors. This balances the cholinergic and dopaminergic activity in the basal ganglia leading to an improvement of classic Parkinson symptoms such as rigidity and tremor. In addition, it exerts a direct antispasmodic effect on smooth muscle. 
it is an anthracycline that is itone having an alpha-L-rhodosaminyl residue attached at position 4 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an anthracycline, an aminoglycoside, a deoxy hexoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a member of tetracenequinones, a methyl ester, a polyketide, a member of phenols and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from an itone. It is a conjugate base of an it T(1+). It is a tautomer of an it T zwitterion. 
it appears as white powder or light beige solid. (NTP, 1992) it is the parent of the class of its, being an ortho-fused polycyclic arene that consists of 9H-fluorene bearing an acetamido substituent at position 2. It is a carcinogenic and mutagenic derivative of fluorene. It has a role as an antimitotic, a carcinogenic agent, a mutagen and an epitope. It derives from a hydride of a fluorene. it is a synthetic, light tan crystalline solid that is insoluble in water and soluble in alcohols, glycols, ether, acetic acid, and fat solvents. It is used as a positive control by toxicologists to study the carcinogenicity and mutagenicity of aromatic amines. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides. The primary routes of potential human exposure to it are inhalation and dermal contact. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a DNA alkylating agent that has been investigated in the treatment of a variety of cancers, including mesothelioma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), breast cancer, and small-cell lung cancer (SCLC). It is a derivative of the marine-derived agent ecteinascidin ([trabectedin]), an anticancer agent found in extracts of the tunicate Ecteinascidia turbinata, with the primary difference being the substitution of the tetrahydroisoquinoline with a tetrahydro Î²â€carboline that results in increased antitumour activity of it as compared to its predecessor.  On June 15, 2020, the FDA granted accelerated approval and orphan drug designation to it for the treatment of adult patients with metastatic SCLC who have experienced disease progression despite therapy with platinum-based agents. This accelerated approval is based on the rate and duration of therapeutic response observed in ongoing clinical trials and is contingent on the verification of these results in confirmatory trials. it is a synthetic tetrahydropyrrolo [4, 3, 2-de]quinolin-8(1H)-one alkaloid analogue with potential antineoplastic activity. it covalently binds to residues lying in the minor groove of DNA, which may result in delayed progression through S phase, cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase and cell death. 
This solid peroxide is heat and contamination sensitive. It is mixed with stearyl alcohol to mitigate the explosion hazard in storage and transport. 
it is a complex glycopeptide from Streptomyces orientalis. It inhibits a specific step in the synthesis of the peptidoglycan layer in the Gram-positive bacteria Staphylococcus aureus and Clostridium difficile. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial drug and a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a it aglycone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a branched tricyclic glycosylated peptide with bactericidal activity against most organisms and bacteriostatic effect on enterococci. At a site different from that of penicillins and cephalosporins, it binds tightly to the D-alanyl-D-alanine portion of cell wall precursors, thereby interfering with bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to activation of bacterial autolysins that destroy the cell wall by lysis. it may also alter the permeability of bacterial cytoplasmic membranes and may selectively inhibit RNA synthesis. 
it is a prodrug that is metabolized by intestinal CYP3A4 to the active form fexofenadine, a selective histamine H1-receptor antagonist with antihistaminic and non-sedative effects. it's active metabolite competitively binds peripheral H1-receptors, thereby stabilizing an inactive conformation of the receptor. Consequently, usual allergic responses as a result of mast-cell degranulation followed by the release of multiple inflammatory mediators, such as interleukins, prostaglandins, and leukotriene precursors, are blocked, thereby preventing the triggering of pro-inflammatory pathways. 
it is a steroid lactone that has been used in the treatment of preeclampsia. A synthetic bufadienolide it is an antagonist of marinobufagenin (MBG) and differs from it by replacement of its 5beta-OH and 13beta-Me groups by hydrogen. It is a steroid lactone and an epoxy steroid. It derives from a bufanolide. 
it is a 4-hydrox-L-lysine that is L-lysine substituted at position 4 by a hydroxy group (the 4R-threo-stereoisomer). It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it appears as odorless white crystals or crystalline powder with a slightly bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is salicylic acid in which the hydrogen that is attached to the phenolic hydroxy group has been replaced by an acetoxy group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug with cyclooxygenase inhibitor activity. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, a platelet aggregation inhibitor, an antipyretic, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a prostaglandin antagonist, a teratogenic agent, an anticoagulant, a plant activator, an EC 1.1.1.188 (prostaglandin-F synthase) inhibitor and a drug allergen. It is a member of benzoic acids, a member of salicylates and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a salicylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an acetylsalicylate. it is an orally administered non-steroidal antiinflammatory agent. it binds to and acetylates serine residues in cyclooxygenases, resulting in decreased synthesis of prostaglandin, platelet aggregation, and inflammation. This agent exhibits analgesic, antipyretic, and anticoagulant properties. 
it is an amino dicarboxylic acid that is L-glutamic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a hydroxy-L-glutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-hydroxy-L-glutamate(1-). 
it is a member of the class of beta-carbolines that is 9H-beta-carboline substituted by a methoxy group at position 7 and methyl groups at positions 1 and 2. It is a semisynthetic derivative of harmine and has been shown to exhibit significant anti-HIV activity. It has a role as an anti-HIV agent. It is a member of beta-carbolines, an aromatic ether and a semisynthetic derivative. It derives from a harmine. 
it is an amino-acid cation comprising it having a deprotonated carboxy group and both amino groups protonated; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
R-(-)-it is the orally bioavailable solvate of the R-(-) enantiomer of gossypol and acetic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. As a BH3 mimetic, R-(-)-gossypol binds to the hydrophobic surface binding groove BH3 of the anti-apoptotic proteins Bcl-2 and Bcl-xL, blocking their heterodimerization with pro-apoptotic members of the Bcl-2 family of proteins such as Bad, Bid, and Bim; this may result in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. Racemic gossypol is a polyphenolic compound isolated from cottonseed. 
it is a potassium salt of metaphosphoric acid. It has a role as a fertilizer, a buffer, a food emulsifier, a raising agent and a sequestrant. It is an inorganic phosphate and a potassium salt. It contains a trioxidophosphate(1-). 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the nonsteroidal aromatase inhibitor fadrozole with potential antineoplastic activity. Fadrozole specifically inhibits aromatase, blocking the aromatization of androstenedione and testosterone into estrone and estradiol, respectively, the final step in estrogen biosynthesis; the reduction in estrogen levels may inhibit growth in estrogen-dependent cancers. Aromatase, a member of the cytochrome P-450 superfamily, is found in many tissues; overexpression has been linked to the development of preneoplastic and neoplastic changes in breast tissue. 
Phenylmethyl 2-methylpropanoate, also known as benzyl 2-methyl propionate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. Phenylmethyl 2-methylpropanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, phenylmethyl 2-methylpropanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Phenylmethyl 2-methylpropanoate is a sweet, fruity, and jasmine tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, fruits, and spearmint. This makes phenylmethyl 2-methylpropanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A poisonous dipyridilium compound used as contact herbicide. Contact with concentrated solutions causes irritation of the skin, cracking and shedding of the nails, and delayed healing of cuts and wounds. 
it is a colorless to pale yellow liquid with a mild odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is an octadec-9-enoic acid in which the double bond at C-9 has Z (cis) stereochemistry. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.1 (carboxylesterase) inhibitor, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a plant metabolite, a Daphnia galeata metabolite, a solvent, an antioxidant and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an oleate. It derives from a hydride of a cis-octadec-9-ene. 
it is a quinolone and a secondary alcohol. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist, an antihypertensive agent, an antiglaucoma drug, an anti-arrhythmia drug and a sympatholytic agent. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic quinolinone derivative and nonselective beta-adrenoceptor blocking agent with anti-glaucoma activity. Upon topical administration to the eye, it decreases aqueous humor production, thereby reducing intraocular pressure (IOP). 
it is an aromatic ketone that consists of benzene substituted by a pentanoyl group. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound that is a mycotoxic indole alkaloid produced by several fungi via a tryptophan-proline diketopiperazine intermediate. It has a role as a mycotoxin. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an indole alkaloid. 
it is a member of the class of thiazolidines that is (4S)-4-methyl-4,5-dihydro-1,3-thiazole-4-carboxylic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a (1S)-1-hydroxy-1-{(4R)-2-[(4R)-2-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,3-thiazol-4-yl]-1,3-thiazolidin-4-yl}-2-methylpropan-2-yl group. A siderophore found in the gram-negative bacterium species, Yersinia enterocolitica and Yersinia pestis. It has a role as a siderophore and a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of phenols, a member of thiazolidines, a monocarboxylic acid and a secondary alcohol. It is a conjugate acid of a yersiniabactin(1-). 
Zeranol, also known as a-zearalanol or alpha-zeranol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as macrolides and analogues. These are organic compounds containing a lactone ring of at least twelve members. Zeranol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, zeranol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Zeranol is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of losoxantrone, an anthrapyrazole-based antineoplastic antibiotic. Losoxantrone intercalates into DNA, induces single- and double-stranded DNA breaks and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair as well as RNA and protein synthesis. Losoxantrone is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
O-methylsalicylic acid is a methoxybenzoic acid that is the methyl ether of salicylic acid. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a flavouring agent. It is a conjugate acid of an O-methylsalicylate. 
4&#39;-(chloroacetyl)acetanilide appears as odorless yellow-orange solid or brown powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an alpha-chloroketone that is acetanilide in the para- position is substituted by a chloroacetyl group. It is an alpha-chloroketone, a member of acetamides and an aromatic ketone. 
Pivaloyloxymethyl ester of amdinocillin that is well absorbed orally, but broken down to amdinocillin in the intestinal mucosa. It is active against gram-negative organisms and used as for amdinocillin. 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is succinic acid in which one of the carboxyl hydroxy groups is substituted by a 6-hydroxypyridin-3-yl group. It is a monohydroxypyridine, a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(6-hydroxypyridin-3-yl)-4-oxobutyrate. 
U-73122 is an aza-steroid that is 3-O-methyl-17beta-estradiol in which the 17beta-hydroxy group is replaced by a 6-(maleimid-1-yl)hexylamino group. An inibitor of phospholipase C. It has a role as an EC 3.1.4.11 (phosphoinositide phospholipase C) inhibitor. It is an aza-steroid, a member of maleimides and an aromatic ether. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Very irritating to skin and eyes. May be toxic by skin absorption. Used as a bleaching agent. 
it is a carbohydrate-containing antibiotic produced by the actinomyces Streptomyces lincolnensis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a carbohydrate-containing antibiotic, a S-glycosyl compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide, a pyrrolidinecarboxamide and a L-proline derivative. it is a lincosamide antibiotic derived from bacteria Streptomyces lincolnensis with activity against gram positive and anaerobic bacteria. it binds to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome resulting in the inhibition of protein synthesis and thereby produces bactericidal effects in susceptible organisms. 
it is a dicarboximide that is piperidine which is substituted by oxo groups at positions 2 and 6. It is a member of piperidones and a dicarboximide. 
it is a biaryl that is pyrimidine substituted at position 4 by a phenyl group. It is a member of pyrimidines and a biaryl. 
it, also known as iselin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as psoralens. These are organic compounds containing a psoralen moiety, which consists of a furan fused to a chromenone to for 7H-furo[3, 2-g]chromen-7-one. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils, green vegetables, and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an antibiotic isolated from various Streptomyces species. It interferes with protein and DNA synthesis by inhibiting peptidyl transferase or the 80S ribosome system. It has a role as an antiparasitic agent, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an antimicrobial agent, a bacterial metabolite and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a monohydroxypyrrolidine and an organonitrogen heterocyclic antibiotic. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-ethyl-2-methyl-5-propylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 4-ethyl-2-methyl-5-propylthiazole can be found in nuts. This makes 4-ethyl-2-methyl-5-propylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a colorless, odorless gas. It is shipped as a liquid under its own vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite to unprotected skin. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Exposure of the container to fire or heat can cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a phosphatidylethanolamine in which the phosphatidyl acyl group at C-1 is oleoyl. It is a phosphatidylethanolamine and a (18R,21S)-24-amino-21-hydroxy-21-oxido-15-oxo-16,20,22-trioxa-21lambdalambda(5)-phosphatetracosan-18-yl icosanoate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aspartic acid and derivatives. Aspartic acid and derivatives are compounds containing an aspartic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of aspartic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in common pea and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a thiotepa derivative with potential antineoplastic alkylating activity. Although the exact mechanism of action of it has yet to be fully elucidated, this agent appears to work through alkylation, thereby causing DNA damage and cell cycle arrest. 
it is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, it is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftazidine also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
it, also known as p-cresyl alpha -toluate or fema 3077, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenol esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzene ring substituted by a hydroxyl group and an ester group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has an animal, honey, and hyacinth taste. 
Intracellular messenger formed by the action of phospholipase C on phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate, which is one of the phospholipids that make up the cell membrane. Inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate is released into the cytoplasm where it releases calcium ions from internal stores within the cell's endoplasmic reticulum. These calcium ions stimulate the activity of B kinase or calmodulin. 
it appears as odorless brownish-yellow needles with bluish coating, or an orange powder. (NTP, 1992) it is azobenzene substituted at one of the 4-positions by an amino group. It has a role as a dye and an allergen. It is a primary arylamine and a member of azobenzenes. It derives from an azobenzene. 
it is a member of the class of pretetramides in which the only additional substituent is a methyl group at position 6. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a Pretetramid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a delta-lactone that is 5-valerolactone substituted by a pentyl group at position 6. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 5-valerolactone. 
Neurotoxic proteins from the venom of the banded or Formosan krait (Bungarus multicinctus, an elapid snake). alpha-Bungarotoxin blocks nicotinic acetylcholine receptors and has been used to isolate and study them; beta- and gamma-bungarotoxins act presynaptically causing acetylcholine release and depletion. Both alpha and beta forms have been characterized, the alpha being similar to the large, long or Type II neurotoxins from other elapid venoms. 
it is the tartrate salt form of dobutamine, a synthetic catecholamine with sympathomimetic activity. Dobutamine primarily binds to and stimulates beta-1-adrenergic receptors located in the myocardium. As a result, it leads to a positive inotropic effect and increases in cardiac output. 
Zirconium, also known as circonio or zircat, belongs to the class of inorganic compounds known as homogeneous transition metal compounds. These are inorganic compounds containing only metal atoms, with the largest atom being a transition metal atom. Zirconium has been primarily detected in saliva, urine, blood, and cerebrospinal fluid. 
it is a cephalosporin compound having acetoxymethyl and [2-(2-amino-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)-2-(methoxyimino)acetyl]amino side groups. It has a role as a drug allergen and an antibacterial drug. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, an oxime O-ether and a cephalosporin. It is a conjugate acid of a cefotaxime(1-). it is a third generation semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it inhibits mucopeptide synthesis by binding to and inactivating penicillin binding proteins thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of bacterial cell walls. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it is a sesterterpenoid isolated from Leucosceptrum canum. It has been shown to exhibit anti-angiogenic and inhibitory activity against prolyl endopeptidase ( EC 3.4.21.26 ). It has a role as a metabolite, an angiogenesis inhibitor and an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor. It is a sesterterpenoid, a terpene ketone, a secondary alcohol, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a tertiary alcohol and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
SMAC Mimetic Debio 1143 is an orally available mimetic of the natural second mitochondrial-derived activator of caspases (Smac) and inhibitor of Inhibitor of Apoptosis Proteins (IAPs), with potential immunomodulating, apoptotic-inducing, chemo-radio-sensitizing and antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, Smac mimetic Debio 1143 targets and binds to the Smac binding groove on IAPs, including the direct caspase inhibitor X chromosome-linked IAP (XIAP), and the cellular IAPs 1 (c-IAP1) and 2 (c-IAP2). This inhibits the activities of these IAPs and promotes the induction of apoptosis. Additionally, as Debio 1143 inhibits the activity of IAPs, it may work synergistically with cytotoxic drugs and/or radiation to overcome tumor cell resistance to apoptosis. As IAPs regulate nuclear factor-kappa B (NFkB) signaling pathways, which drives the expression of genes involved in immune and inflammatory responses, Debio 1143 may enhance anti-tumor immune responses when administered with certain immunomodulating agents, such as immune checkpoint inhibitors. IAPs are overexpressed by many cancer cell types and suppress both intrinsic and extrinsic apoptosis by binding to and inhibiting active caspases via their baculoviral lAP repeat (BIR) domains. They contribute to chemo-radio-resistance of cancer cells to certain cytotoxic agents and radiation, promote tumor cell survival and are associated with poor prognosis in certain types of cancer. SMAC, a pro-apoptotic mitochondrial protein, is an endogenous inhibitor of the IAPs family of cellular proteins. 
it is a member of the class of benzoisochromanequinone that is produced by Streptomyces coelicolor A3(2) and exhibits antibiotic activity. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a benzoisochromanequinone, a polyketide, a dicarboxylic acid, a polyphenol, a ring assembly and a member of p-quinones. It is a conjugate acid of an it(3-). 
Calcium Undecylenate is the calcium salt of undecylenic acid, an 11 carbon mono-unsaturated fatty acid with broad-spectrum antifungal activity. Undecylenic acid inhibits the morphogenesis of Candida albicans to its invasive fungal form and inhibits the conversion of unicellular yeast to their hyphal form. 
it is a biflavonoid that is apigenin substituted by a 4-(5,7-dihydroxy-4-oxo-4H-chromen-2-yl)phenoxy group at position 6. A diflavonyl ether, it is isolated from Rhus succedanea and has been found to possess significant cytotoxic potential. It has a role as a neuroprotective agent, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a biflavonoid, an aromatic ether and a hydroxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweet ester odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Eye contact may cause irritation. Frequent or prolonged skin contact may irritate and cause dermatitis. Vapors irritate the eyes and respiratory tract and may cause headaches and dizziness, are anesthetic and may have other central nervous system effects. Vapors may also cause liver and kidney disorder. Ingestion of the liquid into the respiratory system may cause bronchopneumonia or pulmonary edema. 
Aztreonam is a parenterally administered, synthetic monobactam antibiotic that is specifically active against aerobic gram-negative bacilli is resistant to many beta-lactamases. Aztreonam therapy is often accompanied by mild, asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase levels, but it has not been reported to cause clinically apparent liver injury. Aztreonam is a monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic originally isolated from Chromobacterium violaceum with bactericidal activity. Aztreonam preferentially binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding protein-3 (PBP-3), which is involved in bacterial cell wall synthesis, thereby inhibiting bacterial cell wall integrity and leading to cell lysis and death. This agent differs from other beta-lactam antibiotics because it is resistant to beta-lactamase hydrolysis, and it is usually used to treat infections caused by gram-negative aerobic microorganisms. 
it is a biflavonoid that is the 7,4'-dimethyl ether derivative of amentoflavone. Isolated from Ginkgo biloba and Dioon, it exhibits anti-HSV-1, antineoplastic and inhibitory activities towards arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase and cyclooxygenase 2. It has a role as an anti-HSV-1 agent, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.34 (arachidonate 5-lipoxygenase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone, a methoxyflavone and a ring assembly. It derives from an amentoflavone. 
it is a cucurbitacin that is 9,10,14-trimethyl-4,9-cyclo-9,10-secocholesta-2,5,23-triene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 16, 20 and 25 and oxo groups at positions 1, 11 and 22. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cucurbitacin and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from a glycolate. It is a conjugate base of a thioglycolic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is an inhibitor of squalene synthase, an enzyme downstream of HMG-CoA reductase in the synthesis of cholesterol. Squalene synthase catalyzes the dimerization of farnesyl-pyrophosphate to squalene, the first step in the cholesterol biosynthetic pathway that is solely committed to the production of cholesterol. Development of this agent was haulted do to potential hepatic toxicity. 
it is a light-colored oily liquid. Mixture of three isomers. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a primary arylamine that is the derivative of aniline in which the hydrogen at position 4 has been substituted by fluorine. It is used as an intermediate in the manufacture of pharmaceuticals, herbicides and plant growth regulators. It is a primary arylamine and a fluoroaniline. 
Benzimidazole, 4,5-dichloro-2-(trifluoromethyl)- appears as a crystalline solid. Fine white needles when pure; the commercial material is brownish. Used as an herbicide. (EPA, 1998) 
it, also known as T4 sulfate or T4S, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylalanine and derivatives. Phenylalanine and derivatives are compounds containing phenylalanine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of phenylalanine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, thyroxine sulfate is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a diol that is hexane substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 6. It is a diol and a primary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it is an aza-steroid that is inasteride in which the tert-butyl group is replaced by a 2,5-bis(trifluoromethyl)phenyl group. A synthetic 4-azasteroid, it is a selective inhibitor of both the type 1 and type 2 isoforms of steroid 5alpha-reductase, an intracellular enzyme that converts testosterone to 5alpha-dihydrotestosterone. it is used for the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia in men with an enlarged prostate gland. It has a role as an EC 1.3.1.22 [3-oxo-5alpha-steroid 4-dehydrogenase (NADP(+))] inhibitor and an antihyperplasia drug. It is an aza-steroid, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a delta-lactam. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. it is a synthetic 4-azasteroid compound. it competitively and specifically binds to isoenzymes 1 and 2 of 5 alpha-reductase, forming stable enzyme complexes and inhibiting the conversion of testosterone to 5 alpha-dihydrotestosterone (DHT); the reduction in DHT activity may mitigate or prevent enlargement of the prostate gland. The type 2 5 alpha-reductase isoenzyme is primarily active in the reproductive tissues, while the type 1 isoenzyme is also active in skin and the liver. 
Gonadorelin is another name for gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). It is a synthetic decapeptide prepared using solid phase peptide synthesis. GnRH is responsible for the release of follicle stimulating hormone and leutinizing hormone from the anterior pituitary. 
Snow white crystals. Used as a reagent for ketones and aldehydes with which it affords crystalline compounds having characteristic melting points. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a muconic semialdehyde having a hydroxy substituent at the 2-position. It is a muconic semialdehyde and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-6-oxohexa-2,4-dienoate. 
Methylenebis(thiocyanate) appears as yellow to light orange-colored mass or yellow powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of thiocyanates that is methane in which two of the hycrogens have been replaced by thiocyanato groups. Used as a biocide for the control of various pathogens and algae in industrial water systems and as a fungicide for the control of surface moulds and sapstain fungi on wood. It has a role as a fungicide and an antibacterial agent. 
Itraconazole is a synthetic triazole agent with antimycotic properties. Formulated for both topical and systemic use, itraconazole preferentially inhibits fungal cytochrome P450 enzymes, resulting in a decrease in fungal ergosterol synthesis. Because of its low toxicity profile, this agent can be used for long-term maintenance treatment of chronic fungal infections. (NCI04) 
it is a heparin octasaccharide consisting of 4-deoxy-alpha-L-threo-hex-4-enopyranuronosyl, 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl, (5xi)-2-O-sulfo-D-xylo-hexopyranuronosyl, 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl, (5xi)-2-O-sulfo-D-xylo-hexopyranuronosyl, 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranosyl, (5xi)-D-xylo-hexopyranuronosyl, and 2-deoxy-2-(sulfoamino)-alpha-D-glucopyranose units joined in sequence by (1->4) linkages. Sequence: DHexA-GlcNSO3-HexA(2SO4)-GlcNSO3-HexA(2SO4)-GlcNSO3-HexA-GlcNSO3. It is a heparin octasaccharide, an oligosaccharide sulfate and an amino octasaccharide. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid monoamide resulting from the formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of oxalic acid with ammonia. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an oxamate. 
it is a substituted aniline that is 2,6-dichloroaniline in which the hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a 2-(tert-butylamino)-1-hydroxyethyl group. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a beta-adrenergic agonist and a sympathomimetic agent. It is a member of ethanolamines, a primary arylamine, a secondary amino compound, an amino alcohol, a substituted aniline and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a substituted phenylaminoethanol and a long-acting beta-2 adrenergic agonist with sympathomimetic activity. it selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar smooth muscle, thereby causing stimulation of adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased intracellular cAMP levels cause relaxation of smooth muscle. In addition, it also stimulates central nervous system (CNS), and causes an increase in blood pressure and heart rate due to both beta-2 and beta-1 adrenergic activities. This agent may also exert an anabolic or anti-catabolic effect due to as of yet unidentified mechanisms. 
it is a potent, non-chain-terminating, mutagenic deoxyribonucleoside analogue. Designated a DNA covert nucleoside, the drug consists of a modified base that incorporates randomly into HIV and pairs with multiple bases. 
1-Hydroxy-3, 6, 7-trimethoxy-2, 8-diprenylxanthone, also known as di-O-methylmangostin or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-prenylated xanthones. These are organic compounds containing a C5-isoprenoid group linked to a xanthone moiety at the 8-position. Xanthone is a tricyclic compound made up of two benzene rings linearly fused to each other through a pyran ring that carries a ketone group. 1-Hydroxy-3, 6, 7-trimethoxy-2, 8-diprenylxanthone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1-hydroxy-3, 6, 7-trimethoxy-2, 8-diprenylxanthone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1-hydroxy-3, 6, 7-trimethoxy-2, 8-diprenylxanthone can be found in fruits. This makes 1-hydroxy-3, 6, 7-trimethoxy-2, 8-diprenylxanthone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a purine nucleoside in which xanthine is attached to ribofuranose via a beta-N(9)-glycosidic bond. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of its and a purines D-ribonucleoside. 
it is a member of guanidines, a carboxamidine, a member of hydrazines and a member of indoles. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist and a gastrointestinal drug. 
it is an orally bioavailable hydroxamate-based pan-inhibitor of histone deacetylase (HDAC), with potential antineoplastic and radiosensitizing activities. Upon administration, it inhibits HDAC, resulting in an accumulation of highly acetylated histones, followed by the induction of chromatin remodeling; the selective transcription of tumor suppressor genes; and the tumor suppressor protein-mediated inhibition of tumor cell division and induction of tumor cell apoptosis. In addition, it decreases the expression of the DNA-repair protein RAD51, thereby reducing the RAD51 protein, preventing repair of DNA double-strand breaks and increasing sensitivity of tumor cells to DNA damaging agents. HDAC, upregulated in many tumor types, is an enzyme that is responsible for the deacetylation of chromatin histone proteins. 
it is a colorless liquid with a bad smell. Mp: -21Â°C; bp: 220Â°C. Density: 0.840 g cm-3 at 25Â°C. Combustible liquid. 
it is an indole alkaloid obtained by formal acetylation of the 17-hydroxy group of norajmaline. It is an acetate ester, a hemiaminal, a bridged compound, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a tertiary amino compound, a secondary amino compound, an organic heteropolycyclic compound and an indole alkaloid. It derives from a norajmaline. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a 24-residue single-stranded DNA oligonucleotide consisting of an alternating sequence of deoxycytidine and deoxyguanosine residues, all connected by 3'->5' phosphodiester linkages. It forms one strand of the double-stranded DNA oligonucleotide [d(C-G).d(C-G)]12 [synonym d(CG/GC)12]. 
Aztreonam is a synthetic monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic (it), used primarily to treat infections caused by Gram-negative bacteria. It inhibits mucopeptide synthesis in the bacterial cell wall, thereby blocking peptidoglycan crosslinking. It has a role as a drug allergen, an EC 2.4.1.129 (peptidoglycan glycosyltransferase) inhibitor and an antibacterial drug. It is a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen and a it. Aztreonam is a monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic originally isolated from Chromobacterium violaceum with bactericidal activity. Aztreonam preferentially binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding protein-3 (PBP-3), which is involved in bacterial cell wall synthesis, thereby inhibiting bacterial cell wall integrity and leading to cell lysis and death. This agent differs from other beta-lactam antibiotics because it is resistant to beta-lactamase hydrolysis, and it is usually used to treat infections caused by gram-negative aerobic microorganisms. 
17-Hydroxy-6-methylpregna-3,6-diene-3,20-dione. A progestational hormone used most commonly as the acetate ester. As the acetate, it is more potent than progesterone both as a progestagen and as an ovulation inhibitor. It has also been used in the palliative treatment of breast cancer. it is the acetate salt form of megestrol, a synthetic derivative of the naturally occurring female sex hormone progesterone with potential anti-estrogenic and antineoplastic activity. Mimicking the action of progesterone, it binds to and activates nuclear progesterone receptors in the reproductive system, and causes the ligand-receptor complex to be translocated to the nucleus where it binds to and promotes expression of target genes. This leads to an alteration in protein synthesis, which modulates cell growth of reproductive tissues. Due to the negative feedback mechanism seen with progesterone, megestrol also blocks luteinizing hormone (LH) release from the pituitary gland, thereby leading to an inhibition of ovulation and an alteration in the cervical mucus and endometrium. Furthermore, without stimulation of LH, estrogen release from the ovaries is stopped, hence impedes the growth of estrogen-sensitive tumor cells. 
it is a 2-it with D-ribofuranose as the sugar. An intermediate in the metabolism of pyrimidine. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It derives from a D-ribofuranose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a macrolide that is a novel secondary metabolite isolated from a New Zealand marine sponge, Mycale hentscheli. It has a role as a marine metabolite, an antimitotic, a microtubule-stabilising agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a macrolide, a cyclic hemiketal, an ether, an organic heterobicyclic compound, a secondary alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it is a cyclodepsipeptide that is N-[(3R)-3-hydroxy-11-methyldodecanoyl]-L-alpha-glutamyl-L-leucyl-D-leucyl-L-valyl-L-alpha-aspartyl-D-leucyl-L-leucine in which the C-terminal carboxy group has been lactonised by condensation with the alcoholic hydroxy group. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antifungal agent, an antiviral agent, a surfactant, a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cyclodepsipeptide, a lipopeptide antibiotic and a macrocyclic lactone. 
it is an orally available 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) prodrug with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it is converted into 5'-deoxy-5-fluorocytidine, 5'-deoxy-fluorouridine, and 5-FU. 5-FU is further metabolized into other cytotoxic metabolites that interfere with RNA and DNA synthesis via inhibition of thymidylate synthase. As a result, this agent eventually inhibits tumor cell growth. 
it, also known as fragarol or 2-isobutoxy-naphthalene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2-(2-methylpropoxy)naphthalene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, blossom, and fruity taste. 
Vinyl methyl ether appears as a colorless gas with a sweet odor. Shipped as a liquefied gas under own vapor pressure. Contact with the liquid may cause frostbite. Easily ignited. Vapors are heavier than air. Leaks may either be liquid or vapor. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat containers may rupture violently and rocket. 
it is a delta-lactam that is piperidine which is substituted by an oxo group at position 2. It has a role as an EC 1.2.1.88 (L-glutamate gamma-semialdehyde dehydrogenase) inhibitor. It is a member of piperidones and a delta-lactam. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 2'-monophosphate. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an adenosine 2'-phosphate(2-). 
it is an anthocyanidin chloride that has peonidin as the cationic component. It has a role as a metabolite, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and an antioxidant. It contains a peonidin. 
Val-val-val, also known as valylvalylvaline, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. Val-val-val is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Val-val-val has been primarily detected in feces. 
it, also known as aicar or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a pentose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an indole alkaloid that is the enol tautomer of geissoschizine, which is also dehydrogenated at the 4,21-position. It derives from a geissoschizine. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,4-dichloro-1,2-thiazole-5-carboxylic acid with o-cyanoaniline. It is a fungicide used for the control of rice blast. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a nitrile, an organochlorine compound, an anilide fungicide and a member of 1,2-thiazoles. 
it is marketed in Europe under the names Diulozin, it, and Etopinil. it is a loop diuretic. it is a long-acting loop diuretic. it appears to be rapidly metabolized to its active metabolite ozolinone. 
Neuropeptides of about 40 amino acids which are structurally similar to CORTICOTROPIN-RELEASING FACTOR. Unlike CRF acting primarily through type 1 CRF RECEPTORS, urocortins signal preferentially through type 2 CRF receptors. Urocortins have wide tissue distribution from fish to mammals, and diverse functions. In mammals, urocortins can suppress food intake, delays gastric emptying, and decreases heat-induced edema. 
it is a white solid dissolved or suspended in a water-emulsifiable liquid carrier. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit spread to the environment. Can easily penetrate the soil and contaminate groundwater and nearby streams. Can cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. Used as a herbicide. it is a nitrile that is benzonitrile which is substituted by chlorines at positions 2 and 6. A cellulose synthesis inhibitor, it is used as a pre-emergent and early post-emergent herbicide. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical, a cellulose synthesis inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a nitrile and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a benzonitrile. 
N,N-bis(2-hydroxypropyl)nitrosamine is a nitrosamine that is dipropylamine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen has been replaced by a nitroso group. It is a genotoxic carcinogen, targeting the lung, liver, thyroid, and kidney. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a nitrosamine, a secondary alcohol and a diol. 
it is a mineralocorticoid that is progesterone substituted at position 21 by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a mineralocorticoid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a progesterone. it is a C-21 steroid hormone synthesized by the adrenal gland that is a precursor for cortisol and aldosterone and has potential mineralocorticoid activity. 
Roxithromycin is a semi-synthetic derivative of the macrolide antibiotic erythromycin that includes an N-oxime side chain on the lactone ring, with antibacterial and anti-malarial activities. Roxithromycin binds to the subunit 50S of the bacterial ribosome, which inhibits bacterial protein synthesis and leads to inhibition of bacterial cell growth and replication. 
its appears as a liquid. May irritate skin and eyes. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Used to make rubber. 
5-(L-alanin-3-yl)-2-hydroxy-cis,cis-muconate 6-semialdehyde(1-) is an alpha-amino-acid anion that is the conjugate base of 5-(L-alanin-3-yl)-2-hydroxy-cis,cis-muconate 6-semialdehyde, having anionic carboxy gropus and a cationic amino group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 5-(L-alanin-3-yl)-2-hydroxy-cis,cis-muconate 6-semialdehyde. 
it is a member of the class of N-acylazetidines obtained by selective formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,4-difluoro-2-(2-fluoro-4-iodoanilino)benzoic acid with the secondary amino group from the azetidine ring of 3-[(2S)-piperidin-2-yl]azetidin-3-ol. An inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase that is used (as its fumarate salt) in combination with vemurafenib for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of piperidines, a N-acylazetidine, a tertiary alcohol, an aromatic amine, a secondary amino compound, a difluorobenzene and an organoiodine compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an orally bioavailable small-molecule inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1 (MAP2K1 or MEK1), with potential antineoplastic activity. it specifically binds to and inhibits the catalytic activity of MEK1, resulting in inhibition of extracellular signal-related kinase 2 (ERK2) phosphorylation and activation and decreased tumor cell proliferation. Preclinical studies have demonstrated that this agent is effective in inhibiting the growth of tumor cells bearing a B-RAF mutation, which has been found to be associated with many tumor types. A threonine-tyrosine kinase and a key component of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway that is frequently activated in human tumors, MEK1 is required for the transmission of growth-promoting signals from numerous receptor tyrosine kinases. 
Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P is a neurokinin-1 receptor agonist. It is an analog of the naturally occurring human neuropeptide Substance P, which can be found throughout the body, including in the airways of humans and many other species. 
it is a benzamide obtained by the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3-(imidazo[1,2-b]pyridazin-3-ylethynyl)-4-methylbenzoic acid with the anilino group of 4-[(4-methylpiperazin-1-yl)methyl]-3-(trifluoromethyl)aniline. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It is a N-methylpiperazine, a member of benzamides, an acetylenic compound, an imidazopyridazine and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. it is an orally bioavailable multitargeted receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antiangiogenic and antineoplastic activities. it inhibits unmutated and all mutated forms of Bcr-Abl, including T315I, the highly drug therapy-resistant missense mutation of Bcr-Abl. This agent also inhibits other tyrosine kinases including those associated with vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFRs) and fibroblast growth factor receptors (FGFRs); in addition, it inhibits the tyrosine kinase receptor TIE2 and FMS-related tyrosine kinase receptor-3 (Flt3). RTK inhibition by it may result in the inhibition of cellular proliferation and angiogenesis and may induce cell death. Bcr-Abl is a fusion tyrosine kinase encoded by the Philadelphia chromosome. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-chlorothiophene-2-carboxylic acid with the amino group of 4-{4-[(5S)-5-(aminomethyl)-2-oxo-1,3-oxazolidin-3-yl]phenyl}morpholin-3-one. An anticoagulant used for prophylaxis of venous thromboembolism in patients with knee or hip replacement surgery. It has a role as an anticoagulant and an EC 3.4.21.6 (coagulation factor Xa) inhibitor. It is a member of thiophenes, an organochlorine compound, an oxazolidinone, a member of morpholines, a lactam, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is an orally bioavailable oxazolidinone derivative and direct inhibitor of the coagulation factor Xa with anticoagulant activity. Upon oral administration, it selectively binds to both free factor Xa and factor Xa bound in the prothrombinase complex. This interferes with the conversion of prothrombin (factor II) to thrombin and eventually prevents the formation of cross-linked fibrin clots. it does not affect existing thrombin levels. 
it is a 1-acyl-sn-glycerophosphoserine in which the acyl group is specified as stearoyl (octadecanoyl). It derives from an octadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 6-hydroxycyclohex-1-ene-1-carboxyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a UDP-sugar having 6-sulfoquinovose as the sugar component. It is an UDP-sugar and a carbohydrate sulfonate. It derives from a quinovose. It is a conjugate acid of an it(3-). 
it is an optically active monocarboxylic acid also having amide and phosphonate functional groups. It has a role as an epitope. It is a monocarboxylic acid, an organic phosphonate and a dicarboxylic acid monoamide. It derives from a glutaric acid. 
(3S,5R)-it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of the proton from the carboxy group of (3S,5R)-fluvastatin by a sodium ion. It is an organic sodium salt and a statin (synthetic). It contains a (3S,5R)-fluvastatin(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (3R,5S)-it. Fluvastatin Sodium is the sodium salt of a synthetic lipid-lowering agent with potential antineoplastic activity. Fluvastatin competitively inhibits hepatic 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels, and modulates immune responses through the suppression of MHC II (major histocompatibility complex II) on interferon gamma-stimulated, antigen-presenting cells such as human vascular endothelial cells. Through the inhibition of mevalonate synthesis, statins, like fluvastatin, have been shown to inhibit the production of dolichol, geranylpyrophosphate (GPP) and farnesylpyrophosphate (FPP) and the isoprenylation of the intracellular G-proteins Ras and Rho, which may result in antiangiogenic, apoptotic, and antimetastatic effects in susceptible tumor cell populations. 
3'-MANT-GTP is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate that is GTP substituted at the 3' position by an N-methylanthraniloyl group. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. It derives from a 3'-MANT-GDP. 
it is a dihydrolipoate that is the conjugate base of (R)-dihydrolipoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a (R)-dihydrolipoic acid. 
2-Fucosyllactose belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. 2-Fucosyllactose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Fucosyllactose has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and breast milk. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavanones. Flavanones are compounds containing a flavan-3-one moiety, with a structure characterized by a 2-phenyl-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran bearing a ketone at the carbon C3 it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (S)-pinocembrin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) it is a bitter tasting compound that can be found in mexican oregano and tarragon. This makes (S)-pinocembrin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as colorless crystals or granules or light gray powder. Melting point 250-251Â°C. No odor when pure; technical grade has a slightly pungent odor. A fungicide formulated as water-dispersible granules, wettable powder, or dust. it is a dinitrile that is benzene-1,3-dicarbonitrile substituted by four chloro groups. A non-systemic fungicide first introduced in the 1960s, it is used to control a range of diseases in a wide variety of crops. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a dinitrile, a tetrachlorobenzene and an aromatic fungicide. It derives from an isophthalonitrile. 
An oligopeptide isolated from the skin of Physalaemus fuscumaculatus, a South American frog. It is a typical kinin, resembling SUBSTANCE P in structure and action and has been proposed as a sialagogue, antihypertensive, and vasodilator. 
it is a colorless to light yellow liquid with a sharp, irritating odor. Flash point 175Â°F. Boils at 153Â°C and at 100Â°C at the reduced pressure of 8 mm Hg. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Hence sinks in water. Readily soluble in alcohol, acetone, esters, hydrocarbons, chlorinated hydrocarbons. Toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Used in production of acetone and phenol, as a polymerization catalyst, in redox systems. it is a peroxol that is cumene in which the alpha-hydrogen is replaced by a hydroperoxy group. It has a role as an oxidising agent, an environmental contaminant and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a cumene. 
Methyl 3, 7-dimethyl-6E-octenoate, also known as citronellic acid, methyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. Methyl 3, 7-dimethyl-6E-octenoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, methyl 3, 7-dimethyl-6E-octenoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Methyl 3, 7-dimethyl-6E-octenoate is a sweet, apple, and brandy tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices and lemon balm. This makes methyl 3, 7-dimethyl-6E-octenoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of toluenes that is toluene in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 5 have been replaced by methoxy groups. It is the major scent compound of many rose varieties. It has a role as a fragrance and a plant metabolite. It is a member of toluenes and a member of methoxybenzenes. 
it is a carbohydrazide that is hydrazine in which the amino hydrogens have been replaced by tert-butyl, 3,5-dimethylbenzoyl and 4-ethylbenzoyl groups respectively. It is an insecticide used widely against caterpillars. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an ecdysone agonist. It derives from a N'-benzoyl-N-(tert-butyl)benzohydrazide. 
it is a monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic originally isolated from Chromobacterium violaceum with bactericidal activity. it preferentially binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding protein-3 (PBP-3), which is involved in bacterial cell wall synthesis, thereby inhibiting bacterial cell wall integrity and leading to cell lysis and death. This agent differs from other beta-lactam antibiotics because it is resistant to beta-lactamase hydrolysis, and it is usually used to treat infections caused by gram-negative aerobic microorganisms. 
Dephospho-CoA, also known as 3'-dephospho-coa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as purine ribonucleoside diphosphates. These are purine ribobucleotides with diphosphate group linked to the ribose moiety. Thus, dephospho-CoA is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. Dephospho-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, dephospho-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm and lysosome. Dephospho-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Dephospho-CoA participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Dephospho-CoA can be biosynthesized from 4'-phosphopantetheine through the action of the enzyme phosphopantetheine adenylyltransferase. Furthermore, Dephospho-CoA can be converted into coenzyme A through its interaction with the enzyme dephospho-CoA kinase. Furthermore, Dephospho-CoA can be biosynthesized from 4'-phosphopantetheine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme pantetheine-phosphate adenylyltransferase. Finally, Dephospho-CoA can be converted into coenzyme A through the action of the enzyme dephospho-CoA kinase. In humans, dephospho-CoA is involved in pantothenate and CoA biosynthesis pathway. 
it is the pyranose form of it. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a it and a D-hexopyranose 6-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a pentamethoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7, 3' and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a flavone. 
it, also known as 2-naphthol ethyl ether or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthalenes. Naphthalenes are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a blossom, floral, and grape taste. 
3a, 20b-Pregnanediol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gluco/mineralocorticoids, progestogins and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure based on a hydroxylated prostane moiety. 3a, 20b-Pregnanediol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 3a, 20b-Pregnanediol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3a, 20b-pregnanediol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it appears as an amber colored liquid. Slightly denser than water and insoluble in water. May be toxic by skin absorption and ingestion. Severely irritates skin and eyes. Used to make dyes. 
it is a triterpene that is an isomer of lanostane obtained by migration of the methyl group from 10 to the 9beta position. 
N-it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ethereal odor. Flash point below 141Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Irritates the eyes, nose, throat, and respiratory tract. 
it, also known as it or ethyl N-butyl disulfide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a cooked, garlic, and onion taste. 
Stepharine is an isoquinoline alkaloid with formula it that is isolated from several species of Stephania. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound, an azaspiro compound, an enone, an isoquinoline alkaloid and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. 
it is levorphanol in which a hydrogen at position 14 of the morphinan skeleton is substituted by hydroxy and one of the hydrogens of the N-methyl group is substituted by cyclopropyl. A semi-synthetic opioid agonist-antagonist analgesic, it is used as its (S,S)-tartaric acid salt for relief or moderate to severe pain. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, a kappa-opioid receptor agonist and an antitussive. 
it is a 2-aminopurine carrying a 6-oxo substituent. It has a role as a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a purine nucleobase, an oxopurine and a member of 2-aminopurines. It derives from a hydride of a 9H-purine. it is a purine base that is a constituent of nucleotides occurring in nucleic acids. 
A ribonucleoside antibiotic synergist and adenosine deaminase inhibitor isolated from Nocardia interforma and Streptomyces kaniharaensis. It is proposed as an antineoplastic synergist and immunosuppressant. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the aryl amino group of methyl 4-anilino-1-(2-phenylethyl)piperidine-4-carboxylate with propanoic acid. It has a role as a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an opioid analgesic and a tranquilizing drug. It is a member of piperidines, a methyl ester, a tertiary amino compound and a tertiary carboxamide. 
Astromicin Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of astromicin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Micromonospora olivasterospora with antibacterial activity. Astromicin contains an epi-purpurosamine disaccharide backbone. 
it is a cysteine zwitterion derived from D-cysteine by transfer of a proton from each of the carboxy groups to the amino groups. It is an enantiomer of a L-cystine zwitterion. It is a tautomer of a it. 
it is a methanesulfonate ester that is butane-1,4-diol in which the hydrogens of the hydroxy groups are replaced by methanesulfonyl groups. An alkylating antineoplastic agent, it is used for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (although it has been largely replaced by newer drugs). It is also used as an insect sterilant. It has a role as an insect sterilant, an antineoplastic agent, a teratogenic agent, a carcinogenic agent and an alkylating agent. It derives from a butane-1,4-diol. it is a synthetic derivative of dimethane-sulfonate with antineoplastic and cytotoxic properties. Although its mechanism of action is not fully understood, it appears to act through the alkylation of DNA. Following systemic absorption of it, carbonium ions are formed, resulting in DNA alkylation and DNA breaks and inhibition of DNA replication and RNA transcription. (NCI04) 
it is a N-acylamino acid that is L-histidine acylated at the nitrogen atom of the amino group by a (6-bromo-1H-indol-3-yl)acetyl residue. Isolated from the venom of the sea anemone Bunodosoma cangicum, it exhibits analgesic activity. It has a role as an analgesic and a marine metabolite. It is a member of indoles, an organobromine compound, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a L-histidine derivative. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol which is para-substituted with a nonyl group. It has a role as an environmental contaminant. 
Sit belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glutamic acid and derivatives. Glutamic acid and derivatives are compounds containing glutamic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of glutamic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. Sit exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Sit has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, urine, and blood. Within the cell, sit is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. Sit exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Sit participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Sit can be biosynthesized from L-lysine and oxoglutaric acid through its interaction with the enzyme Alpha-aminoadipic semialdehyde synthase, mitochondrial. In addition, Sit can be converted into allysine and L-glutamic acid; which is mediated by the enzyme Alpha-aminoadipic semialdehyde synthase, mitochondrial. In humans, sit is involved in the lysine degradation pathway and the pyridoxine dependency with seizures pathway. Sit is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the 2-aminoadipic 2-oxoadipic aciduria pathway, the hyperlysinemia I, familial pathway, the glutaric aciduria type I pathway, and the ituria/hyperlysinemia II pathway. Sit is a potentially toxic compound. 
it is the conjugate base of 2,5-dioxopentanoic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2,5-dioxopentanoic acid. 
it is a limonene monoterpenoid consists of a cyclohexene ring substituted by a hydroxymethyl and a prop-1-en-2-yl group at positions 1 and 4 respectively. It is a constituent of a variety of essential oils including lavender. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. it is a naturally occurring monoterpene related to limonene with antineoplastic activity. it inhibits farnesyl transferase and geranylgeranyl transferase, thereby preventing post-translational protein farnesylation and isoprenylation and activation of oncoproteins such as p21-ras, and arresting tumor cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it is dianion of N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 6-phosphate arising from deprotonation of both OH groups of the phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N-acetyl-D-glucosamine 6-phosphate. 
it appears as odorless or almost odorless white crystals or crystalline powder. Intensely sweet taste, even in dilute solution. pH (10% solution in water): 5.5-7.5. Used as a non-nutritive sweetener. 
it is a synthetic inhibitor of beta-lactamases produced by both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. it potentiates the antibacterial activity of ampicillin against a wide range of clinically important bacterial strains which produce beta-lactamase. 
it is a fatty acid derivative consisting of valeric acid substituted at C-5 with an N-(1-phenylcyclohexyl)amino group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a fatty acid derivative and a secondary amino compound. It derives from a valeric acid. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid sapogenin (isolated from ginseng and notoginseng) that is that is dammarane which is substituted by hydroxy groups at the 3beta, 6alpha, 12beta and 20 pro-S positions and in which a double bond has been introduced at the 24-25 position. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a sapogenin, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 12beta-hydroxy steroid, a 6alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-4,4-dimethylsteroid. It derives from a hydride of a dammarane. 
Leucyl-methionine, also known as it or leu-met, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. Leucyl-methionine is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Leucyl-methionine has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a diterpenyl phosphate that is the O-diphospho derivative of tuberculosinol. It derives from a tuberculosinol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is genistin in which the hydroxy hydrogen at position 6'' has been replaced by a malonyl group. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a glycosyloxyisoflavone, a hydroxyisoflavone, a malonate ester, a monosaccharide derivative and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a genistein 7-O-beta-D-glucoside. 
it is pyridine substituted at C-2 by a sulfanyl group. It has a role as a fluorescence quencher and an allergen. It is a member of pyridines and an aryl thiol. 
it is a resorcinol having methyl and pentyl groups at positions 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point: -26Â°F; Boiling point: 41Â°C (106Â°F) . Vapors heavier than air. Vapor and liquid may cause burns. Denser than water and decomposed by water to form hydrochloric acid, a corrosive material. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03814200 (A Study to Investigate the Effect of Rifampicin on the Uptake and Breakdown of it in Healthy Subjects). 
it is a white leaflets. Sublimes easily under a vacuum. Fluorescent when impure. (NTP, 1992) it is an ortho-fused tricyclic hydrocarbon that is a major component of fossil fuels and their derivatives It is an ortho-fused polycyclic arene and an ortho-fused tricyclic hydrocarbon. 
6-Isothiocyanato-1-hexene, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as isothiocyanates. These are organic compounds containing the isothiocyanate group, an isocyanate analogue with the general formula RN=C=S. 6-Isothiocyanato-1-hexene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6-isothiocyanato-1-hexene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 6-isothiocyanato-1-hexene can be found in brassicas and root vegetables. This makes 6-isothiocyanato-1-hexene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits cyclin dependent kinases CDK1, CDK2, CDK5, and CDK9; inhibition of CDK1 and CDK2 may result in cell cycle repression and tumor cell apoptosis. 
it is an amino cyclitol glycoside that is the 1-O-(2-amino-2-deoxy-alpha-D-glucopyranoside) and the 3-O-(2,6-diamino-2,6-dideoxy-beta-L-idopyranosyl)-beta-D-ribofuranoside of 4,6-diamino-2,3-dihydroxycyclohexane (the 1R,2R,3S,4R,6S diastereoisomer). It is obtained from various Streptomyces species. A broad-spectrum antibiotic, it is used (generally as the sulfate salt) for the treatment of acute and chronic intestinal protozoal infections, but is not effective for extraintestinal protozoal infections. It is also used as a therapeutic against visceral leishmaniasis. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antiprotozoal drug, an anthelminthic drug and an antiparasitic agent. It is an aminoglycoside antibiotic and an amino cyclitol glycoside. It derives from a streptamine. it is an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces rimosus var. itus, with amebicidal and antibacterial activity. it binds specifically to the RNA oligonucleotide at the A site of bacterial 30S ribosomes, thereby causing misreading and premature termination of translation, thereby leading to inhibition of protein synthesis followed by cell death. 
it is a member of the class of phenylacetic acids that is phenylacetic acid in which the phenyl group has been substituted by chlorines at positions 2, 3, and 6. An obsolete herbicide that was used as its sodium and ammonium salts. It has a role as a herbicide, an agrochemical and a synthetic auxin. It is a trichlorobenzene and a member of phenylacetic acids. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It has a role as a member of jasmonates. It derives from a jasmonic acid. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of two L-alanine units joined to two L-proline units by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-alanine and a L-proline. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-methyl-1,2-oxazole-4-carboxylic acid with the anilino group of 4-(trifluoromethyl)aniline. The prodrug of teriflunomide. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antineoplastic agent, an antiparasitic agent, an EC 1.3.98.1 [dihydroorotate oxidase (fumarate)] inhibitor, a hepatotoxic agent, a prodrug, a pyrimidine synthesis inhibitor, an immunosuppressive agent, an EC 3.1.3.16 (phosphoprotein phosphatase) inhibitor and a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide, a member of isoxazoles and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. it is a derivative of isoxazole used for its immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory properties. As a prodrug, it is converted to an active metabolite, A77 1726, which blocks dihydroorotate dehydrogenase, a key enzyme of de novo pyrimidine synthesis, thereby preventing the expansion of activated T lymphocytes. This agent also inhibits various protein tyrosine kinases, such as protein kinase C (PKC), thereby inhibiting cell proliferation. (NCI04) 
O(4')-sulfo-L-tyrosine is an O-sulfoamino acid that is L-tyrosine in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate, a L-tyrosine derivative and an O-sulfoamino acid. It is a conjugate acid of an O(4')-sulfo-L-tyrosinate(1-). 
it is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and an oxacycle that is a cyclohexane in which the carbon atoms at position 1 and 3 are replaced by an oxygen and sulfur atom respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and an oxacycle. 
it is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 8.15 at 20 â„ƒ. It derives from a member of tris and a glycine. It is a tautomer of a N-tris(hydroxymethyl)methylammonioacetate. 
3, 4, 5, 11, 14, 20, 21, 22-Octahydroxy-13-(hydroxymethyl)-9, 12, 16-trioxatetracyclo[16. 4. 0. 0Â², â·. 0Â¹â°, Â¹âµ]docosa-1(22), 2, 4, 6, 18, 20-hexaene-8, 17-dione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. 3, 4, 5, 11, 14, 20, 21, 22-Octahydroxy-13-(hydroxymethyl)-9, 12, 16-trioxatetracyclo[16. 4. 0. 0Â², â·. 0Â¹â°, Â¹âµ]docosa-1(22), 2, 4, 6, 18, 20-hexaene-8, 17-dione is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 3, 4, 5, 11, 14, 20, 21, 22-octahydroxy-13-(hydroxymethyl)-9, 12, 16-trioxatetracyclo[16. 4. 0. 0Â², â·. 0Â¹â°, Â¹âµ]docosa-1(22), 2, 4, 6, 18, 20-hexaene-8, 17-dione can be found in pomegranate. This makes 3, 4, 5, 11, 14, 20, 21, 22-octahydroxy-13-(hydroxymethyl)-9, 12, 16-trioxatetracyclo[16. 4. 0. 0Â², â·. 0Â¹â°, Â¹âµ]docosa-1(22), 2, 4, 6, 18, 20-hexaene-8, 17-dione a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a benzoic acid carrying a trifluoromethyl substituent at the 2-position. It is a member of benzoic acids and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 9-decenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
Dalbavancin is a semisynthetic glycopeptide used for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused or suspected to be caused by susceptible isolates of designated Gram-positive microorganisms including MRSA. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. It is a carbohydrate acid derivative, a monosaccharide derivative, a glycopeptide and a semisynthetic derivative. Dalbavancin is a second-generation, semi-synthetic lipoglycopeptide antibiotic, with bactericidal activity against a variety of gram-positive bacteria. Upon administration, dalbavancin binds, at a site different from that of penicillins and cephalosporins, tightly to the D-alanyl-D-alanine portion of peptidoglycan chains, thereby preventing peptidoglycan elongation and interfering with bacterial cell wall synthesis. This leads to activation of bacterial autolysins and induces cell wall lysis. 
it is an aminal that is hexahydropyrimidine which is substituted on each nitrogen by a 2-(dimethylamino)benzyl group, and at the aminal carbon by a pyridin-4-yl group. A Hedgehog signaling pathway and Gli protein inhibitor. It has a role as a Hedgehog signaling pathway inhibitor, a glioma-associated oncogene inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a tertiary amino compound, a member of pyridines, a substituted aniline and an aminal. 
2, 5-Diethyl-4-methylthiazole belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles. 2, 4, 5-trisubstituted thiazoles are compounds containing a thiazole ring substituted at positions 2, 4 and 5 only. 2, 5-Diethyl-4-methylthiazole exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 2, 5-diethyl-4-methylthiazole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 5-Diethyl-4-methylthiazole is a green and nutty tasting compound that can be found in potato. This makes 2, 5-diethyl-4-methylthiazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid diamide comprising suberic (octanedioic) acid coupled to aniline and hydroxylamine. A histone deacetylase inhibitor, it is marketed under the name it for the treatment of cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL). It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a hydroxamic acid and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. It derives from a suberic acid, a hydroxylamine and an aniline. it is a synthetic hydroxamic acid derivative with antineoplastic activity. it, a second generation polar-planar compound, binds to the catalytic domain of the histone deacetylases (HDACs). This allows the hydroxamic moiety to chelate zinc ion located in the catalytic pockets of HDAC, thereby inhibiting deacetylation and leading to an accumulation of both hyperacetylated histones and transcription factors. Hyperacetylation of histone proteins results in the upregulation of the cyclin-dependant kinase p21, followed by G1 arrest. Hyperacetylation of non-histone proteins such as tumor suppressor p53, alpha tubulin, and heat-shock protein 90 produces additional anti-proliferative effects. This agent also induces apoptosis and sensitizes tumor cells to cell death processes. it crosses the blood-brain barrier. 
Antiprotozoal agent effective in trypanosomiasis, leishmaniasis, and some fungal infections; used in treatment of PNEUMOCYSTIS pneumonia in HIV-infected patients. It may cause diabetes mellitus, central nervous system damage, and other toxic effects. 
1-(2-Furanyl)-1-propanone, also known as 2-furyl ethyl ketone or 1-furan-2-yl-propan-1-one, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 1-(2-Furanyl)-1-propanone exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 1-(2-furanyl)-1-propanone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1-(2-furanyl)-1-propanone can be found in cereals and cereal products, fruits, and potato. This makes 1-(2-furanyl)-1-propanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as Î‘-panasinsene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it, or STX209, is the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It is believed to be a selective gamma-amino butyric acid type B receptor agonist, and has been investigated as a treatment for autism spectrum disorder and fragile X syndrome in randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trials. It has also been investigated as a treatment for spasticity due to multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. it was investigated as a treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD); however, with disappointing results. 
it is a piperidinecarboxamide-based amide-type local anaesthetic (amide caine) in which (S)-N-propylpipecolic acid and 2,6-dimethylaniline are combined to form the amide bond. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It is a piperidinecarboxamide and a it. it Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of it, a local anesthetic of the amide type with analgesic activity. it binds to voltage-gated sodium ion channels in the neuronal membrane, thereby preventing the permeability of sodium ions and resulting in a stabilization of the neuronal membrane and inhibition of depolarization; nerve impulse generation and propagation are blocked, resulting in a reversible loss of sensation. 
it is the 2-isopropyl derivative of maleic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a maleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a secoiridoid glycoside that is [(2R,3R,4S)-2-hydroxy-5-(methoxycarbonyl)-3-vinyl-3,4-dihydro-2H-pyran-4-yl]acetic acid in which the anometric hydroxy group has been converted to the corresponding beta-D-glucoside. It has been isolated from several plant species and exhibits antioxidant and anti-allergic properties. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant and an anti-allergic agent. It is a methyl ester, a member of pyrans, an enoate ester, a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative, a dicarboxylic acid monoester and a secoiridoid glycoside. 
it appears as a water-white liquid. Denser than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used as a solvent and fungicide for fruit. it is a member of the class of borate esters obtained by the formal condensation of three equivalents of methanol with boric acid. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of tocainide, a primary amine analog of lidocaine exhibiting class 1b antiarrhythmic property. it stabilizes the neuronal membrane by reversibly binding to and blocking open and inactivated voltage-gated sodium channels. This inhibits the inward sodium current required for the initiation and conduction of impulses and reduces the excitability of myocardial cells. This agent reduces the rate of rise and amplitude, and shortens the action-potential duration (APD) in both the Purkinje and muscle fibers. Tocainide also shortens the effective refractory period (ERP) of Purkinje fibers resulting in an increased the ERP/APD ratio. Overall these effects lead to the slowing of nerve impulses and stabilization of the heartbeat. 
it is a diester compound consisting of pentane-1,5-diol with both hydroxyls bearing 3-[1-(3,4-dimethoxybenzyl)-6,7-dimethoxy-2-methyl-3,4-dihydroisoquinolinium-2(1H)-yl]propanoyl groups. It has a role as a muscle relaxant and a nicotinic antagonist. It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a diester. 
it is a secondary amino compound that is (S)-colchicine in which the N-acetyl group is replaced by an N-methyl group. Isolable from the autumn crocus, Colchicum autumnale, it is less toxic than colchicine and is used as an antineoplastic. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a microtubule-destabilising agent. It is an alkaloid and a secondary amino compound. it is a colchicine analog with potential antimitotic and antineoplastic activities. it acid binds to the colchicine-binding site of tubulin, inhibiting its polymerization into microtubules, causing cell cycle arrest at metaphase and preventing cell division. 
it is an apo carotenoid diterpenoid compound arising from oxidative degradation of the beta,beta-carotene skeleton at the 8- and 8'-positions. It is an enal, a dialdehyde and an apo carotenoid diterpenoid. 
it is a solid. This compound belongs to the n-acyl-alpha amino acids. These are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at its terminal nitrogen atom. It targets the protein hypoxia-inducible factor 1-alpha inhibitor. 
it is an ibuprofen. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is an enantiomer of a levibuprofen. 
CMP-N-acetyl-beta-neuraminic acid is a nucleotide sugar used as a donor by glycosyltransferases for the synthesis of sugar chains It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a N-acetyl-beta-neuraminic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a CMP-N-acetyl-beta-neuraminate(2-). 
Anhydrous it is a white crystalline solid. it is also obtained as an 18-hydrate Al2(SO4)3.18H2O. Both forms are soluble in water, noncombustible, and nontoxic. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in paper making, in firefighting foams, and in sewage treatment and water purification. it (anhydrous) is an aluminium sulfate that contains no water of crystallisation. it Anhydrous is an aluminum salt with immune adjuvant activity. This agent adsorbs and precipitates protein antigens in solution; the resulting precipitate improves vaccine immunogenicity by facilitating the slow release of antigen from the vaccine depot formed at the site of inoculation. 
it is the pyranose form of it. It is a it and a D-hexopyranose 6-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it, also known as dibutyl tartrate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta hydroxy acids and derivatives. Beta hydroxy acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid substituted with a hydroxyl group on the C3 carbon atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as light colored crystals or solutions. May irritate the skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Mildly toxic by ingestion or skin absorption. it is a benzenediol comprising benzene core carrying two hydroxy substituents para to each other. It has a role as a cofactor, a carcinogenic agent, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a human xenobiotic metabolite, a skin lightening agent, an antioxidant and a mouse metabolite. It is a benzenediol and a member of its. Produced as an inhibitor, an antioxidant, and an intermediate in the synthesis of dyes, motor fuels, and oils; in photographic processing; and naturally in certain plant species, it is a phenol derivative with antioxidant properties that can cause toxicity in several organs, notably the kidney. Used as a topical treatment for skin hyperpigmentation and in various cosmetic products, it is metabolized mainly to glutathione conjugates and forms mutagenic DNA adducts in in-vitro systems. (NCI04) 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Cancer, Osteosarcoma, Ovarian Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Cancer. it is an orally available 5-, 7-substituted anilinoquinazoline with anti-invasive and anti-tumor activities. it is a dual-specific inhibitor of Src and Abl, protein tyrosine kinases that are overexpressed in chronic myeloid leukemia cells. This agent binds to and inhibits these tyrosine kinases and affects cell motility, cell migration, adhesion, invasion, proliferation, differentiation, and survival. Specifically, it inhibits Src kinase-mediated osteoclast bone resorption. 
it is an ethanolamine sulfate salt. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic antagonist. It derives from a penbutolol. Penbutolol Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of penbutolol, a lipophilic, nonselective beta-adrenergic receptor antagonist with anti-anginal and antihypertensive activities. Penbutolol competitively binds to and blocks beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, bisoprolol prevents the release of renin, a hormone secreted by the kidneys that causes constriction of blood vessels. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point 115Â°F. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is the monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the aryl amino group of 1-methyl-N-phenylpiperidin-4-amine with propanoic acid. It is a member of piperidines and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl L-serine in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are oleoyl and 6-[(7-nitro-2-1,3-benzoxadiazol-4-yl)amino]hexanoyl respectively. It has a role as a fluorescent probe. It is a 3-sn-phosphatidyl-L-serine and a benzoxadiazole. It derives from an oleic acid. 
(4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)-docosa-4,7,10,13,16-pentaenoic acid is the all-cis-isomer of a C22 polyunsaturated fatty acid having five double bonds in the 4-, 7-, 10-, 13- and 16-positions. It is a member of n-6 PUFA and a product of linoleic acid metabolism. It has a role as a Daphnia tenebrosa metabolite, a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a docosapentaenoic acid and an omega-6 fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (4Z,7Z,10Z,13Z,16Z)-docosapentaenoate. 
it is a member of the class dodecylbenzenesulfonic acids that is benzenesulfonic acid in which the hydrogen at position 4 of the phenyl ring is substituted by a dodecyl group. 
N-{4-[(3-bromophenyl)amino]quinazolin-6-yl}but-2-ynamide is a member of the class of quinazolines that is 4,6-diaminoquinazoine in which the one of the hydrogens attached to the amino group at position 4 has been replaced by a m-bromophenyl group while one of the hydrogens attached to the amino group at position 6 has been replaced by a but-2-ynoyl group. It has a role as an epidermal growth factor receptor antagonist, an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of quinazolines, a ynamide, a member of bromobenzenes and a secondary carboxamide. 
Trichloronaphthalene is a colorless to pale-yellow solid with an aromatic odor. mp: 93Â°C; bp: 304-354Â°C. Used in lubricants and in the manufacture of insulation for electrical wire. Presents an environmental danger. If released into the environment, bioaccumulation takes place in fish. Will persist in the environment causing long-term adverse effects. The halowaxes are technical-grade chlorinated naphthalenes containing trichloronaphthalene in its various isomers together with (mainly) tetrachloro-, pentachloro-, and hexa-chloronapthalenes in their various isomers. 
it is a topical anti-fungal agent. it is comprised of two active ingredients, 9-aminoacridine and 4-hexylresorcinol, but its clinical use has been discontinued. 
it is a very long-chain fatty acid comprising of 29 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a prostaglandin A1. 
it is a disaccharide consisting alpha-D-galactosyl and D-gluconic acid residues joined by a (1->6)-linkage. It is a carbohydrate acid and a disaccharide. It derives from a melibiose. 
(+)-it is the (+)-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-it. it is a natural alkaloid extracted from plants of the genus Pilocarpus with cholinergic agonist activity. As a cholinergic parasympathomimetic agent, it predominantly binds to muscarinic receptors, thereby inducing exocrine gland secretion and stimulating smooth muscle in the bronchi, urinary tract, biliary tract, and intestinal tract. When applied topically to eyes, this agent stimulates the sphincter pupillae to contract, resulting in miosis; stimulates the ciliary muscle to contract, resulting in spasm of accommodation; and may cause a transitory rise in intraocular pressure followed by a more persistent fall due to opening of the trabecular meshwork and an increase in the outflow of aqueous humor. 
it, also known as acetate p. a or fema 2038, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenoxyacetic acid derivatives. Phenoxyacetic acid derivatives are compounds containing an anisole where the methane group is linked to an acetic acid or a derivative. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, chamomile, and cocoa taste. 
Almost odorless, colorless crystalline solid. Used as a non-systemic contact insecticide. Not for sale or use in the USA. (EPA, 1998) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, macrocarpal D is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of thiazolidenediones that is 1,3-thiazolidine-2,4-dione substituted by a benzyl group at position 5 which in turn is substituted by a 2-(5-ethylpyridin-2-yl)ethoxy group at position 4 of the phenyl ring. It exhibits hypoglycemic activity. It has a role as an insulin-sensitizing drug, an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor and a xenobiotic. It is a member of thiazolidinediones, an aromatic ether and a member of pyridines. it is an orally-active thiazolidinedione with antidiabetic properties and potential antineoplastic activity. it activates peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-gamma), a ligand-activated transcription factor, thereby inducing cell differentiation and inhibiting cell growth and angiogenesis. This agent also modulates the transcription of insulin-responsive genes, inhibits macrophage and monocyte activation, and stimulates adipocyte differentiation. 
The beta-2 adrenergic agonists are a large group of drugs that mimic the actions of naturally occurring catecholamines such as norepinephrine, epinephrine and dopamine. Direct agonists directly interact with the adrenergic receptors, whereas indirect agonists typically stimulate the release of endogenous catecholamines. The beta-2 adrenergic agonists act mainly on the smooth muscle of the vasculature, bronchial tree, intestines and uterus. These agents also act on the liver stimulating glycogenolysis and release of glucose from the liver and muscle (particularly if used in high doses). The beta-2 adrenergic agonists are used largely as bronchodilators in the management of asthma, both in control of acute symptomatic attacks as well as chronic, long term prevention and management. These agents are some of the most commonly prescribed drugs for asthma and are widely used and proven to be well tolerated and safe. The use of beta adrenergic agonists in asthma has not been associated with elevations in serum aminotransferase or alkaline phosphatase levels or in causing clinically apparent liver disease. When given in large doses or after intentional overdose, beta adrenergic agonists can cause liver injury. Most case reports of liver damage from these agents have been associated with their use in control of premature labor (for their effects on relaxation of uterine smooth muscle). The liver injury typically arises within a few days of starting high dose intravenous beta adrenergic agonists, is usually asymptomatic, not associated with jaundice, and rapidly reversed once the medication is stopped. it is the sulfate salt form of terbutaline, an ethanolamine derivative with bronchodilating and tocolytic properties. it selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors, leading to intracellular adenyl cyclase activation via a trimeric G protein and subsequent increase in cyclic cAMP production. Increased cAMP levels result in relaxation of bronchial and vascular smooth muscle mediated through the activation of protein kinase A (PKA), which phosphorylates proteins in control of muscle tone. cAMP also inhibits calcium ion release from intracellular stores, reduces calcium entry into cells and induces the sequestration of intracellular calcium all of which aids the relaxation of airway muscles. it also increases mucociliary clearance and reduces release of inflammatory cell mediators. 
it is a tertiary carboxamide that is piperazine in which one of the amino groups has undergone condensation with the carboxy group of N-[(2,4-dichlorophenyl)sulfonyl]-L-serine, while the other has undergone condensation with the carboxy group of N-(1-benzothiophen-2-ylcarbonyl)-L-leucine. It is a cell-permeable, potent and selective agonist of the TRPV4 (transient receptor potential vanilloid 4) channel. It has a role as a TRPV4 agonist. It is a member of 1-benzothiophenes, a N-acylpiperazine, a sulfonamide, a dichlorobenzene, a tertiary carboxamide and an aromatic primary alcohol. 
it atom is the radioactive isotope of fluorine with relative atomic mass 18.000938. The longest-lived fluorine radionuclide with half-life of 109.77 min. 
(5Z,11Z,14Z)-icosatrienoic acid is an icosatrienoic acid in which the three double bonds have Z configuration and are located at positions 5, 11 and 14. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a conjugate acid of a (5Z,11Z,14Z)-icosatrienoate. 
it is a semi-synthetic derivative of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic daunorubicin. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also produces toxic free-radical intermediates and interacts with cell membrane lipids causing lipid peroxidation. it is less toxic than daunorubicin. 
it atom is the radioactive isotope of phosphorus with relative atomic mass 31.973907 and half-life of 14.26 days. it is a radioactive isotope of phosphorus with beta particle-emitting radiocytotoxic activity. Emitted by phosphorus P32, beta particles directly damage cellular DNA and, by ionizing intracellular water to produce several types of cytotoxic free radicals and superoxides, indirectly damage intracellular biological macromolecules, resulting in tumor cell death. 
it is pyrrolidine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is substituted by a 1-phenylcyclohex-1-yl group. It has a role as a hallucinogen, a NMDA receptor antagonist and a general anaesthetic. It is a tertiary amine and a member of pyrrolidines. 
N-(2-methoxyphenyl)-N'-(2-naphthyl)urea is a member of the class of phenylureas that is N-(2-methoxyphenyl)urea in which one of the two protons on the free NH2 function has been replaced by a 2-naphthyl group. It is a member of naphthalenes, a member of phenylureas and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it is a cyclohexadienecarboxylic acid having the C=C double bonds at the 1- and 3-positions, the carboxy group at the 1-position, an oxo group at the 5-position and an imino group at the 6-position. It is a cyclohexadienecarboxylic acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-imino-5-oxocyclohexa-1,3-diene-1-carboxylate. 
Ceftriaxone is a third generation cephalosporin antibiotic which has been associated with development of biliary sludge and biliary colic when given parenterally and in high doses. Ceftriaxone is also associated with rare instances of immunoallergic, usually cholestatic hepatitis similar to the injury associated with other cephalosporins. Ceftriaxone is a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). Ceftriaxone Sodium is the sodium salt form of ceftriaxone, a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Ceftriaxone binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, ceftriaxone is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. Ceftriaxone also crosses the blood-brain barrier and reaches therapeutic concentrations in the central nervous system (CNS). 
it is the dihydrate of trisodium citrate. It has a role as an anticoagulant. It contains a sodium citrate. 
it is a secondary carboxamide that is anthranilic acid in which the carboxy group has undergone condensation with the primary amino group of alpha-amino-epsilon-caprolactam, while the aryl-amino group has undergone condensation with the carboxy group of 1-benzothiophene-2-carboxylic acid. It is a selective, non-competitive antagonist of tropomyosin receptor kinase B (TrkB, also known as tyrosine receptor kinase B). It has a role as a tropomyosin-related kinase B receptor antagonist, an antidepressant and an anxiolytic drug. It is a secondary carboxamide, a member of caprolactams and a member of 1-benzothiophenes. It derives from a 2-aminohexano-6-lactam and an anthranilic acid. 
Pinocembrin chalcone belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxychalcones. These are organic compounds containing chalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. Pinocembrin chalcone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Outside of the human body, pinocembrin chalcone can be found in a number of food items such as oat, nanking cherry, acerola, and ohelo berry. This makes pinocembrin chalcone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a it tetrasaccharide in which the glucose residue at the reducing end is in the pyranose ring form and has alpha configuration at the anomeric carbon atom. 
it is the ethyl ester of 1-[(1R)-1-phenylethyl]-1H-imidazole-5-carboxylic acid. It is an intravenous general anaesthetic with no analgesic activity. It has a role as an intravenous anaesthetic and a sedative. It is a member of imidazoles and an ethyl ester. It derives from a 1-[(1R)-1-phenylethyl]-1H-imidazole-5-carboxylic acid. it is an imidazole derivative with short-acting sedative, hypnotic, and general anesthetic properties. it appears to have gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) like effects, mediated through GABA-A receptor. The action enhances the inhibitory effect of GABA on the central nervous system by causing chloride channel opening events which leads to membrane hyperpolarization. 
5-aminocyclohexa-1,3-diene-1-carboxylic acid is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is cyclohexa-1,3-diene-1-carboxylic acid carrying an amino group at position 5. It is a gamma-amino acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. 
A sulfonic acid-based naphthylazo dye used as a coloring agent for foodstuffs and medicines and as a dye and chemical indicator. It was banned by the FDA in 1976 for use in foods, drugs, and cosmetics. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) 
it is a leukotriene that is (7E,9E,11Z,14Z)-icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5 (5S) and an L-cystein-S-yl group at position 6 (6R). It is a leukotriene, an amino dicarboxylic acid, a secondary alcohol, a L-cysteine thioether and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from an icosa-7,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is the final and most stable product of the pathway where 5-lipoxygenase converts arachidonic acid to cysteinyl leukotrienes, with inflammatory activity. Because of its inherent stability, it is used as a marker for leukotriene production. 
Metal its are either liquids or solids shipped within a solution. This material will react vigorously in water or upon exposure to air to generate flammable fumes. Contact with the material may cause burns to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes, and it may be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. it is the general name for the it H(-), to be used without regard to the hydrogen nuclear mass (either for hydrogen in its natural abundance or where it is not desired to distinguish between the isotopes). 
Enoxolone is a pentacyclic triterpenoid aglycone metabolite of glycyrrhizin, which is a product of the plant Glycyrrhiza glabra (licorice), with potential expectorant, and gastrokinetic activities. After administration, enoxolone inhibits the metabolism of prostaglandins by both 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase [NAD(+)] and prostaglandin reductase 2. Therefore, this agent potentiates the activity of prostaglandin E2 and F2alpha, which inhibits gastric secretion while stimulating pancreatic secretion and the secretion of intestinal and respiratory mucus, leading to increased intestinal motility and antitussive effects. Additionally, this agent inhibits 11 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase and other enzymes involved in the conversion of cortisol to cortisone in the kidneys. 
(2E)-dec-2-enal is a dec-2-enal in which the olefinic double bond has E configuration. It has a role as an alarm pheromone, a nematicide and a mutagen. 
it is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of it; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
ent-16b, 19-Kauranediol 19-acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. ent-16b, 19-Kauranediol 19-acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ent-16b, 19-kauranediol 19-acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ent-16b, 19-kauranediol 19-acetate can be found in fats and oils. This makes ent-16b, 19-kauranediol 19-acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A fungistatic compound that is widely used as a food preservative. It is conjugated to GLYCINE in the liver and excreted as hippuric acid. 
it is an amino acid betaine that is L-proline zwitterion in which both of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen are replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a food component, a plant metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a N-methyl-L-alpha-amino acid, an alkaloid and an amino-acid betaine. It derives from a L-prolinium. It is a conjugate base of a N,N-dimethyl-L-prolinium. It is an enantiomer of a D-proline betaine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in coriander. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a dihydropyridine that is 1,4-dihydropyridine substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 6, a 3-nitrophenyl group at position 4, a ethoxycarbonyl group at position 3 and a methoxycarbonyl group at position 5. It is a calcium-channel blocker used in the treatment of hypertension. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker, an antihypertensive agent and a vasodilator agent. It is a C-nitro compound, a dihydropyridine, an ethyl ester, a diester, a member of dicarboxylic acids and O-substituted derivatives and a methyl ester. 
D-alpha-phenylglycine is the R stereoisomer of alpha-phenylglycine. It is an enantiomer of a L-alpha-phenylglycine. It is a tautomer of a D-alpha-phenylglycine zwitterion. 
it is a kinase inhibitor used for the treatment of advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) that has not adequately responded to other kinase inhibitors such as [sunitinib] and [imatinib]. it, also known as Qinlock, is manufactured by Deciphera Pharmaceuticals and was initially approved by the FDA on May 15, 2020.   It is the first drug approved as a fourth-line therapy in the specific setting of prior treatment with a minimum of 3 other kinase inhibitors. it is an orally bioavailable switch pocket control inhibitor of wild-type and mutated forms of the tumor-associated antigens (TAA) mast/stem cell factor receptor (SCFR) KIT and platelet-derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFR-alpha; PDGFRa), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, ripretinib targets and binds to both wild-type and mutant forms of KIT and PDGFRa specifically at their switch pocket binding sites, thereby preventing the switch from inactive to active conformations of these kinases and inactivating their wild-type and mutant forms. This abrogates KIT/PDGFRa-mediated tumor cell signaling and prevents proliferation in KIT/PDGFRa-driven cancers. it also inhibits several other kinases, including vascular endothelial growth factor receptor type 2 (VEGFR2; KDR), angiopoietin-1 receptor (TIE2; TEK), PDGFR-beta and macrophage colony-stimulating factor 1 receptor (FMS; CSF1R), thereby further inhibiting tumor cell growth. KIT and PDGFRa are tyrosine kinase receptors that are upregulated or mutated in a variety of cancer cell types; mutated forms play a key role in the regulation of tumor cell proliferation and resistance to chemotherapy. 
it is a dipeptide composed of glycine and L-leucine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glycine and a L-leucine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
5-(methylamino)-2-phenyl-4-[3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl]furan-3(2H)-one is a member of the class of furans that is furan-3(2H)-one which is substituted at positions 2, 4, and 5 by phenyl, m-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl, and methylamino groups, respectively. It is a member of furans, a cyclic ketone, a secondary amino compound and a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes. 
it is a member of the class of morpholines that is 2,6-dimethylmorpholine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a 3-(p-tert-butylphenyl)-2-methylpropyl group. 
it, also known as 2-aminobenzoate or anthranilate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and mitochondria. it has a sweet, fruity, and neroli taste. 
Pent-4-en-1-yl 2-[(2-furylmethyl)(imidazol-1-ylcarbonyl)amino]butanoate is a carboxylic ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-[(2-furylmethyl)(imidazol-1-ylcarbonyl)amino]butanoic acid with the hydroxy group of pent-4-en-1-ol. It is a N-acylimidazole, a member of furans, a carboxylic ester and an olefinic compound. 
NP-101A is a member of the class of benzamides that is benzamide substituted by an acetylamino group at position 2. It is an antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces aurantiogriseus and has been shown to exhibit antifungal activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antifungal agent. It is a member of benzamides and a member of acetamides. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of pentazocine, a benzomorphan narcotic agonist-antagonist. it binds to and activates kappa- and sigma-opioid receptors, resulting in sedation and analgesia. In addition, this agent antagonizes the mu-receptor. it partially reverses opiate-induced cardiovascular, respiratory, and behavioral depression. 
it is a pinane monoterpenoid that is a bicyclo[3.1.1]heptane substituted by two methyl groups at position 6, a methylidene group at position 2 and a hydroxy group at position 3. It has a role as a GABA modulator, a plant metabolite, a volatile oil component and a mouse metabolite. It is a pinane monoterpenoid, a secondary alcohol and a carbobicyclic compound. 
it is a 1,3-thiazole that is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by isopropyl and methyl groups, respectively. A fruit flavour intensifier, it has a peach flavour with distinct vegetable and tropical notes. Also used in apricot, nectarine, durian, mango, pear and blackcurrant flavours. Present in Indonesian durian fruit (Durio zibethinus), red tomatoes, yeast extract, coriander seed oil, and roast meats. It has a role as a flavouring agent and a Maillard reaction product. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Boiling point 135Â° F, Flash point -18Â°F. Density 0.854 g / cm3. The vapor and liquid may cause burns. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a silyl chloride consisting of a central silicon atom covalently bound to one chloro and three methyl groups. it is a derivatisation agent used in gas chromatography/mass spectrometry applications. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. 
it atom is a zinc atom in which the nucleus contains 35 neutrons. It has a half-life of 244 days, decaying by emission of a positron (beta(+) decay), and is the most abundant and stable of the 25 known radioisotopes of zinc. 
A highly poisonous organochlorine insecticide. The EPA has cancelled registrations of pesticides containing this compound with the exception of its use through subsurface ground insertion for termite control and the dipping of roots or tops of non-food plants. (From Merck Index, 11th ed) 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02625259 (A Study to Evaluate the Relative Bioavailability, Effect of Food, and Gastric Potential Hydrogen (pH) Modification on the Pharmacokinetics of TAK-117 (it) in Healthy Participants). it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the class I phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) alpha isoform with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively inhibits PI3K alpha kinase, including mutations of PIK3CA, in the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway, which may result in tumor cell apoptosis and growth inhibition in PI3K alpha-expressing tumor cells. By specifically targeting class I PI3K alpha, this agent may be more efficacious and less toxic than pan PI3K inhibitors. Dysregulation of the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway is frequently found in solid tumors and results in promoting tumor cell growth, survival, and resistance to chemotherapy and radiotherapy; PIK3CA, one of the most highly mutated oncogenes, encodes the p110-alpha catalytic subunit of the class I PI3K. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound 6,7,7a,8-tetrahydro-5H-benzo[g][1,3]dioxolo[4',5':4,5]benzo[1,2,3-de]quinoline bering additional hydroxy and methoxy substituents at positions 10 and 11 respectively. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer, a plant metabolite, a topoisomerase inhibitor, an antifungal agent, an antibacterial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a secondary amino compound, a member of phenols and an aporphine alkaloid. 
it is a form of mineral iron for oral administration, it is absorbed in the stomach and small intestine and combines with apoferritin to form ferritin, which is stored in the liver, spleen, red bone marrow, and intestinal mucosa. Important in transport of oxygen by hemoglobin to the tissues, iron is also found in myoglobin, transferrin, and ferritin, and is as a component of many enzymes such as catalase, peroxidase, and cytochromes. (NCI04) 
All-trans-it is a retinoid obtained by 3,4-desaturation of beta-ionone ring of all-trans-retinoic acid It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a vitamin A and a retinoid. It derives from an all-trans-retinoic acid. 
Gliclazide is a short-acting, relatively high-potency, second-generation sulfonylurea compound with hypoglycemic activity. Gliclazide also increases peripheral insulin sensitivity. This agent is metabolized by CYP2C9. 
it is a C4-dicarboxylate resuting from deprotonation of both carboxy groups of oxaloacetic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a C4-dicarboxylate and an oxo dicarboxylic acid dianion. It derives from a succinate(2-). It is a conjugate base of an oxaloacetic acid. 
it, also known as cholestane-3, 7, 12, 27-tetrol or 5-CTTL, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydroxy bile acids, alcohols and derivatives. These are prenol lipids structurally characterized by a bile acid or alcohol which bears four hydroxyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 27-deoxy-5alpha-cyprinol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 27-deoxy-5alpha-cyprinol can be found in fishes. This makes 27-deoxy-5alpha-cyprinol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
A decapeptide that stimulates the synthesis and secretion of both pituitary gonadotropins, LUTEINIZING HORMONE and FOLLICLE STIMULATING HORMONE. GnRH is produced by neurons in the septum PREOPTIC AREA of the HYPOTHALAMUS and released into the pituitary portal blood, leading to stimulation of GONADOTROPHS in the ANTERIOR PITUITARY GLAND. 
it is a straight-chain, monounsaturated, 16-carbon fatty acid with a trans-double bond at position C-9; the trans-isomer of palmitoleic acid and predominant trans-16:1 isomer in cheeses from goat and ewe milk. Major dietary sources are partly hydrogenated vegetable oils. It is a monounsaturated fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a cumin, fresh, and fruity taste. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid melting at 206Â°C. Toxic by ingestion and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
8'-apo-beta,psi-caroten-8'-al is an apo carotenoid triterpenoid compound arising from oxidative degradation of the beta,beta-carotene skeleton at the 8'-position. It is an enal and an apo carotenoid triterpenoid. 
Vincristine sulfate appears as an anticancer drug. White to slightly yellow, amorphous or crystalline powder. Sensitive to light. Odorless. pH (0.1% solution) 3.5 - 4.5. (NTP, 1992) 
4-(sulfooxy)-cinnamic acid is an aryl sulfate that is (2E)-3-phenylprop-2-enoic acid which is substituted by a sulfooxy group at position 4. It is produced by the seagrass Zostera marina and has very promising antifouling potential against several micro- and macrofouling organisms. It has a role as an antifouling biocide and a plant metabolite. It is an aryl sulfate and a member of cinnamic acids. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-xylenes. These are aromatic compounds that contain a p-xylene moiety, which is a monocyclic benzene carrying exactly two methyl groups at the 1- and 4-positions. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
A pharmaceutical preparation of adapalene and benzoyl peroxide that is used as a DERMATOLOGIC AGENT for the topical treatment of ACNE. 
it is a member of bilanes. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a preuroporphyrinogen(8-). 
Naphthylurea appears as a gray solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a vinca alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a methyl ester and a tertiary alcohol. It derives from a vindoline. It is a conjugate base of a deacetoxyvindolinium(1+). 
it marketed under the brand name Sunosi by Jazz Pharmaceuticals in the United States is a dopamine and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (DNRI) indicated in treating daytime sleepiness associated with narcolepsy or obstructive sleep apnea. it was given FDA approval in 2019. 
it is a colorless liquid. It will accelerate the burning of combustible materials and can ignite most on contact. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It is used as a reagent in chemical analysis and to make other chemicals. it is a chlorine oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a chlorate. 
it, also known as deoxycholate disulphate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as bile acids, alcohols and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an alcohol or acid derivative of cholic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless odorless gas. Noncombustible. Shipped as a liquefied gas under own vapor pressure. Contact may cause frostbite. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. it is a sulfur coordination entity consisting of six fluorine atoms attached to a central sulfur atom. It is the most potent greenhouse gas currently known, with a global warming potential of 23,900 times that of CO2 over a 100 year period (SF6 has an estimated lifetime in the atmosphere of between 800 and 3,000 years). It has a role as an ultrasound contrast agent and a member of greenhouse gas. it is a contrast agent composed of an inorganic fluorinated inert gas comprised of six fluoride atoms bound to one sulfur atom, with potential diagnostic activity upon imaging. Upon inhalation of it (SF6), the gas is distributed throughout the lungs. Upon subsequent ultrasound imaging, the lung vasculature can be imaged and pulmonary perfusion can be assessed. 
it is tropane in which a hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a diphenylmethoxy group (endo-isomer). An acetylcholine receptor antagonist, it is used (particularly as its methanesulphonate salt) in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, and to reduce parkinsonism and akathisia side effects of antipsychotic treatments. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, a parasympatholytic, an antidyskinesia agent, a muscarinic antagonist and a oneirogen. 
it is a bioactive sphingoid, sphinganine, in which the terminal hydroxy group has been replaced by a hydrogen. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a sphingoid and an amino alcohol. It derives from a sphinganine. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid anion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of gibberellin A25. It is a dicarboxylic acid dianion and a gibberellin carboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a gibberellin A25. 
it is a cholesterol ester obtained by the formal condensation of cholesterol with palmitic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavone that is 6,7-methylenedioxyisoflavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 4'. It has a role as an immunomodulator, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone, an oxacycle and an organic heterotricyclic compound. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02698176 (A Dose Exploration Study With it in Participants With Selected Advanced Solid Tumors (it-006)). it is a synthetic, small molecule inhibitor of the BET (Bromodomain and Extra-Terminal) family of bromodomain-containing proteins 2, 3 and 4 with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to the acetylated lysine recognition motifs on the bromodomain of BET proteins, thereby preventing the interaction between the BET proteins and acetylated histone peptides. This disrupts chromatin remodeling and gene expression. Prevention of the expression of certain growth-promoting genes, including c-Myc-dependent target genes, may lead to an inhibition of tumor cell growth. Characterized by a tandem repeat of bromodomain at the N-terminus, the BET proteins BRD2, BRD3, BRD4 are transcriptional regulators that play an important role in cellular growth. 
it, also known as 3-acetoxy octene or 1-pentylallyl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a fresh, fruity, and green tasting compound that can be found in fruits, herbs and spices, and mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of pterocarpans that is the 3-O-methyl ether of (+)-6a-hydroxymaackiain (the 6aR,12aR stereoisomer). A phytoalexin found in pods of garden peas (Pisum sativum) and other plants of the pea family, including Tephrosia candida. It has a role as a phytoalexin and a plant metabolite. It is a member of pterocarpans, a tertiary alcohol and an aromatic ether. It derives from a (+)-6a-hydroxymaackiain. 
it appears as odorless needle-like crystals or white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride that is phthalic anhydride chlorinated at the 4-, 5-, 6- and 7-positions. It has a role as a cross-linking reagent and an allergen. It is a cyclic dicarboxylic anhydride and a tetrachlorobenzene. It derives from a phthalic anhydride. 
it is a pyrrolopyridine that is 1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridine which is substituted at position 5 by a p-chlorophenyl group and at positions 3 by a 3-amino-2,6-difluorobenzoyl group, the amino group of which has undergone formal condensation with propane-1-sulfonic acid to give the corresponding sulfonamide. An inhibitor of BRAF and other kinases. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a B-Raf inhibitor. It is a pyrrolopyridine, a sulfonamide, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a difluorobenzene and an aromatic ketone. it is an orally bioavailable, ATP-competitive, small-molecule inhibitor of BRAF(V600E) kinase with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to the ATP-binding site of BRAF(V600E) kinase and inhibits its activity, which may result in an inhibition of an over-activated MAPK signaling pathway downstream in BRAF(V600E) kinase-expressing tumor cells and a reduction in tumor cell proliferation. Approximately 90% of BRAF gene mutations involve a valine-to-glutamic acid mutation at residue 600 (V600E); the oncogene protein product, BRAF(V600E) kinase, exhibits a markedly elevated activity that over-activates the MAPK signaling pathway. The BRAF(V600E) gene mutation has been found to occur in approximately 60% of melanomas, and in about 8% of all solid tumors, including melanoma, colorectal, thyroid and other cancers. 
it is an optically active form of idonate having L-configuration; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a L-idonic acid. 
4,4'-disulfanyldibutanoic acid is an organic disulfide resulting from the formal oxidative dimerisation of 4-sulfanylbutanoic acid. It is an organic disulfide and a dicarboxylic acid. It derives from a 4-sulfanylbutanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4,4'-disulfanyldibutanoate. 
it is a nitrobenzoic acid having the nitro group at the 4-position. It derives from a benzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-nitrobenzoate. 
A sulfhydryl proteinase with cysteine at the active site from ficus latex. Preferential cleavage is at tyrosine and phenylalanine residues. EC 3.4.22.3. 
it is a 3-oxoacyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of 2-methylacetoacetic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a butyryl-CoA. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a cysteine derivative that is L-cysteine in which the hydrogen attached to the sulfur is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is 5,6beta-epoxy-5beta-cholestan-3beta-ol It is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, an oxysterol and an epoxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5beta-cholestane. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of acodazole, a synthetic imidazoquinoline with antineoplastic activity. Acodazole intercalates into DNA, resulting in disruption of DNA replication. Use of this agent has been associated with significant cardiotoxicity. 
it, also known as 2-acetamido-2-deoxy-3-O-alpha-L-fucopyranosyl-D-glucose or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides. Fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides are compounds composed of a mono- or disaccharide moiety linked to one hydroxyl group of a fatty alcohol or of a phosphorylated alcohol (phosphoprenols), a hydroxy fatty acid or to one carboxyl group of a fatty acid (ester linkage) or to an amino alcohol. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the oils extracted from the leaves or bark of Cinnamomum verum. Cinnamon bark oil is used as a flavoring, in parfumary, and in medicinal preparations. Cinnamon leaf oil has similar uses but is often used for its industrial applications. 
it is a triamino-1,3,5-triazine compound having allylamino substituents at the 2- and 4-positions and a 4-(bis(p-fluorophenyl)methyl)-1-piperazinyl group at the 6-position. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant. It is a triamino-1,3,5-triazine and a member of piperazines. it is a diphenylmethylpiperazine derivative and respiratory stimulant that can be used to improve oxygenation. Upon systemic administration, it targets, binds to and activates the peripheral chemoreceptors located on the carotid bodies. This enhances respiration and increases arterial oxygen tension while decreasing arterial carbon dioxide tension. 
it appears as a solid material, or the solid mixed with water. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact with the material may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. It may be toxic by ingestion. 
it is a member of the class of purines that is 9H-purine in which the hydrogens at positions 2 and 6 are replaced by a [4-(morpholin-4-yl)phenyl]nitrilo group and a cyclohexylamino group, respectively. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a cell dedifferentiation agent, an adenosine A3 receptor antagonist and an Aurora kinase inhibitor. It is a member of purines, a member of morpholines, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a 9H-purine-2,6-diamine. 
Aminoxyl is the parent compound of the aminoxyl group of radicals. It is an inorganic radical and a member of reactive nitrogen species. 
it is a white crystalline solid. Sinks in water and dissolves. Odorless. Highly toxic by inhalation and ingestion. it is a hydrate of beryllium sulfate containing beryllium (in +2 oxidation state), sulfate and water moieties in the ratio 1:1:4. It contains a beryllium sulfate. 
it, also known as fema 3414, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-hydrogen aldehydes. These are aldehydes with the general formula HC(H)(R)C(=O)H, where R is an organyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a cabbage and garlic taste. 
A bile salt formed in the liver by conjugation of deoxycholate with glycine, usually as the sodium salt. It acts as a detergent to solubilize fats for absorption and is itself absorbed. It is used as a cholagogue and choleretic. 
it is a cancer vaccine comprised of a human leukocyte antigen (HLA) A2/A3 restricted HER2/neu (human epidermal growth factor receptor 2; ErbB2) nonapeptide derived from the extracellular domain of the HER2 protein, with potential immunomodulating and antineoplastic activities. Upon intradermal injection, it may induce a specific cytotoxic T-lymphocyte (CTL) response against HER2/neu-expressing tumor cells. HER2/neu, a tumor-associated antigen and a member of the epidermal growth factor receptor family of tyrosine kinases, is overexpressed in various tumor cell types and plays a key role in tumorigenesis. 
it is a macrolide antibiotic similar to erythromycin with antimicrobial activity. it targets and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes. This prevents translocation of peptidyl tRNA leading to an inhibition of protein synthesis. 
Glabrol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-prenylated flavanones. These are flavanones that features a C5-isoprenoid substituent at the 8-position. Thus, glabrol is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. Glabrol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, glabrol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, glabrol can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes glabrol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of 1,4-benzoquinones that is p-benzoquinone substituted by a methoxy group at position 2 and a 1-phenylallyl group at position 5. Isolated from the heartwood of Dalbergia louveli, it exhibits antiplasmodial activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antiplasmodial drug. It is an enol ether and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, faradiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, faradiol can be found in dandelion, fats and oils, sunflower, and tea. This makes faradiol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
An alkaloid found in the root of Rauwolfia serpentina, among other plant sources. It is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent that apparently acts by changing the shape and threshold of cardiac action potentials. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1-(2-furanyl)-1-octanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Antineoplastic; a small-molecule inhibitor of microtubule formation that is not a substrate for multidrug resistance pumps. it is a quinazoline derivative with potential antineoplastic activities. it binds to and inhibits tubulin polymerization and interrupts microtubule formation, resulting in disruption of mitotic spindle assembly, cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase, and cell death. This agent is not a substrate for several subtypes of multidrug resistance ABC transporters, and may be useful for treating multidrug resistant tumors. In addition, as a vascular disrupting agent, it disrupts tumor microvasculature specifically, which may result in acute ischemia and massive tumor cell death. In addition, it is able to cross the blood-brain barrier and accumulate in the brain. 
it is a monohydroxyquinoline that consists of 5-[(1R)-2-amino-1-hydroxyethyl]-8-hydroxyquinolin-2-one having a 5,6-diethylindan-2-yl group attached to the amino function. Used as the maleate salt for treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has a role as a beta-adrenergic agonist and a bronchodilator agent. It is a quinolone, a monohydroxyquinoline, a member of indanes, a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). 
O-Vinylanisole, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as anisoles. These are organic compounds containing a methoxybenzene or a derivative thereof. O-Vinylanisole exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, O-vinylanisole is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). O-Vinylanisole has an ether, green, and herbal taste. 
it is a methoxycinnamic acid having a single methoxy substituent at the 4-position on the phenyl ring. It derives from a cinnamic acid. 
1, 3-Diphenylpropan-1-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as linear 1, 3-diarylpropanoids. These are organic compounds with a structure based on a C6-C3-C6 skeleton, where the two benzene rings are not linked together. 1, 3-Diphenylpropan-1-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a seco-cholestane and a hydroxy seco-steroid. It has a role as an antiparathyroid drug. It derives from a vitamin D2. it is a synthetic noncalcemic, nonphosphatemic vitamin D analogue. it binds to the vitamin D receptor and has been shown to reduce parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels. This agent also increases the expression of PTEN ('Phosphatase and Tensin homolog deleted on chromosome Ten'), a tumor-suppressor gene, in leukemic cells and cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors, resulting in tumor cell apoptosis and tumor cell differentiation into normal phenotypes. (NCI04) 
Biotin amide belongs to the class of organic compounds known as biotin and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing a ureido (tetrahydroimidizalone) ring fused with a tetrahydrothiophene ring. Biotin amide is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, biotin amide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a limonoid that is nimbin in which the acetyloxy group at position 6 is replaced by a hydroxy hroup. It has been isolated from Azadirachta indica. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antifeedant and an insect growth regulator. It is a cyclic terpene ketone, an enone, a member of furans, a limonoid, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, a methyl ester and a diester. It derives from a nimbin. 
it is a semisynthetic phenoxy penicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it is a water-white liquid. Density 1.23 g / cm3. Flash point 307Â°F. Low toxicity. Miscible with alcohol and ethyl ether. Insoluble in water. Used in organic synthesis. 
it is a pentahydroxyflavone that is 7-hydroxyflavonol bearing three additional hydroxy substituents at positions 2' 4' and 5. It has a role as an antioxidant, a metabolite, an antihypertensive agent, a hepatoprotective agent, a neuroprotective agent, an anti-inflammatory agent, an antineoplastic agent, an antibacterial agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and an angiogenesis modulating agent. It is a pentahydroxyflavone and a 7-hydroxyflavonol. 
it is the L enantiomer of furaltadone, a nitrofuran antibiotic that is effective against bacterial infections in birds when added to feed or drinking water. it has been used to treat Trypanosoma cruzi infection in Chagas' disease. 
it is a trichlorobiphenyl that is 1,2,4-trichlorobenzene in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a phenyl group. It is a trichlorobiphenyl and a trichlorobenzene. 
it, also known as fema 2216, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, butyl undecylenate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a butter, fatty, and floral taste. 
2, 4-Nonanedione, also known as it or nonane-2, 4-dione, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as beta-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two keto groups separated by a single carbon atom. 2, 4-Nonanedione exists as a liquid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4-nonanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is member of cyclomethicone, which are a group of liquid methyl siloxanes that have low viscosity and high volatility. Cyclomethicones are cyclic in structure with a monomer backbone of one silicon and two oxygen atoms bonded together. it is used in cosmetic and personal products as a skin emollient. 
Aqueous solutions with a faint odor of bitter almonds. Toxic by skin absorption, by ingestion, and inhalation of the hydrogen it from the decomposition of the material. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires involving this material. Obtain the technical name of the material from the shipping papers and contact CHEMTREC, 800-424-9300 for specific response information. Cyanide is a pseudohalide anion that is the conjugate base of hydrogen it. It has a role as an EC 1.9.3.1 (cytochrome c oxidase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogen it and a hydrogen it. 
it is a member of the class of benzophenones in which one phenyl group is substituted at positions 2 and 6 by hydroxy groups while the other is substituted at positions 2, 4, and 6 by hydroxy, methyl, and carboxy groups, respectively. First obtained from the fungal strain Monodictys putredinis, isolated from the inner tissue of a marine green alga, it was subsequently obtained from the fungus Aspergillus nidulans. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of benzophenones, a member of resorcinols, a monocarboxylic acid and a member of benzoic acids. 
it is a sulfoxide that is the S-oxide of biotin. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of biotins and a sulfoxide. It is a conjugate acid of a biotinate sulfoxide(1-). 
it is an organooxygen compound and an organonitrogen compound. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a gamma-amino acid. 
it, a strontium (II) salt of ranelic acid, is a medication for osteoporosis. Some reports have shown that strontium ranelate can slow down the progression of osteoarthritis of the knee. This agent presents an atypical mechanism of action in which it increases deposition of new bone by osteoblasts and, simultaneously, reduces the resorption of bone by osteoclasts. It is therefore promoted as a \ 
it is a member of the class of phenylethanolamines that is 4-(2-amino-1-hydroxyethyl)-2-(hydroxymethyl)phenol having a tert-butyl group attached to the nirogen atom. It acts as a beta-adrenergic agonist used in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It has a role as a bronchodilator agent, a beta-adrenergic agonist, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a member of phenylethanolamines, a secondary amino compound and a member of phenols. it is a racemic mixture of the r-isomer levit and s-it, a short-acting sympathomimetic agent with bronchodilator activity. it stimulates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in the lungs, thereby activating the enzyme adenylate cyclase that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP concentrations relax bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, and reduce inflammatory cell mediator release, especially from mast cells. it although to a lesser extent, also stimulates beta-1 adrenergic receptors, thereby increasing the force and rate of myocardial contraction. 
it is a berberine alkaloid that is berbine substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3, 9 and 10. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a berberine alkaloid, a polyphenol and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. It derives from a berbine. 
it, also known as it or gly-his, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in sweat. 
it is a nonabsorbable antibiotic that is used as treatment and prevention of travelersâ€™ diarrhea and, in higher doses, for prevention of hepatic encephalopathy in patients with advanced liver disease and to treat diarrhea in patients with irritable bowel syndrome. it has minimal oral absorption and has not been implicated in causing liver test abnormalities or clinically apparent liver injury. it is an orally administered, semi-synthetic, nonsystemic antibiotic derived from rifamycin SV with antibacterial activity. it binds to the beta-subunit of bacterial DNA-dependent RNA polymerase, inhibiting bacterial RNA synthesis and bacterial cell growth. As it is not well absorbed, its antibacterial activity is largely localized to the gastrointestinal tract. 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of p-[(trifluoromethyl)sulfanyl]benzoic acid with the amino group of (2S)-2-amino-3-hydroxy-2-methylpropanenitrile in which the hydroxy group has been converted to the corresponding 5-cyano-2-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl ether. A broad-spectrum nematicide, it is used to control gastrointestinal roundworms in sheep and goats. It has a role as an anthelminthic drug and a nematicide. It is a nitrile, an aryl sulfide, an aromatic ether, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a member of the class of cyclopropanes carrying amino and phenyl substituents at positions 1 and 2 respectively. It is a member of cyclopropanes, a primary amine and a member of benzenes. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by the deprotonation of both the carboxy groups of adipic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of an it(1-). 
it is an analogue of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) with antiemetic, anxiolytic, appetite-stimulating, analgesic, and neuroprotective properties. Delta-8-tetrahydrocannabinol (delta-8-THC) binds to the cannabinoid G-protein coupled receptor CB1, located in the central nervous system; CB1 receptor activation inhibits adenyl cyclase, increases mitogen-activated protein kinase activities, modulates several potassium channel conductances and inhibits N- and P/Q-type Ca2+ channels. This agent exhibits a lower psychotropic potency than delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (delta-9-THC), the primary form of THC found in cannabis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-acyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholines. These are glycerophosphocholines in which the glycerol is esterified with a fatty acid at O-1 position, and linked at position 3 to a phosphocholine. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and blood. 
2, 4-Dimethylbenzene-1, 3, 5-triol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phloroglucinols and derivatives. Phloroglucinols and derivatives are compounds containing a phloroglucinol (benzene-1, 3, 5-triol) moiety, which consists of a benzene ring bearing one hydroxyl group at positions 1, 3, and 5. 2, 4-Dimethylbenzene-1, 3, 5-triol is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Coutaric acid, also known as coutarate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acylaminobenzoic acid and derivatives. These are derivatives of amino benzoic acid derivatives where the amine group is N-acylated. Coutaric acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Coutaric acid exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefoperazone and a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis by inactivating penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with the final transpeptidation step required for cross-linking of peptidoglycan units which are a component of bacterial cell walls. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it is a ketoaldonic acid that is the 2-dehydro-3-deoxy derivative of L-galactonic acid. It is a hexonic acid and a ketoaldonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-keto-3-deoxy-L-galactonate. It is an enantiomer of a 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-galactonic acid. 
it is a hydroxybenzo[c]phenanthrene that is benzo[c]phenanthrene in which the hydrogen at position 1 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. A metabolite of benzo[c]phenanthrene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a dispirotripiperazine derivative and alkylating agent with potential antineoplastic and anti-inflammatory activities. Dibrospidium chloride has been examined for the treatment of bone cancer. 
it is a hydroxamic acid that is N-hydroxybenzamide carrying a phenolic hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a trypanocidal drug, an EC 3.5.1.5 (urease) inhibitor and an EC 1.11.2.2 (myeloperoxidase) inhibitor. It is a member of phenols and a hydroxamic acid. 
D-sedoheptulose 7-phosphate is classified as a monosaccharide phosphate. A monosaccharide phosphate are monosaccharides comprising a phosphated group linked to the carbohydrate unit. D-sedoheptulose 7-phosphate is considered a soluble (in water), acidic compound. D-sedoheptulose 7-phosphate may be a unique E. coli metabolite. D-sedoheptulose 7-phosphate is a member of the chemical class known as Heptoses. These are monosaccharides in which the sugar unit is an heptose. D-sedoheptulose 7-phosphate is invovled in lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis, the pentose phosphate pathway (non-oxidative), the biosynthesis of secondary metabolites, the pentose phosphate pathway, and microbial metabolism in diverse environments. Sedoheptulose 7-phosphate is an intermediate in the pentose phosphate pathway. It is formed by transketolase and acted upon by transaldolase. 
it is a gallate ester obtained by condensation of the carboxy group of gallic acid with the hydroxy group of octanol. It has a role as a food antioxidant, a plant metabolite and a hypoglycemic agent. 
1-Methylethyl heptanoic acid, also known as heptanoate, 1-methylethyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 1-Methylethyl heptanoic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 1-Methylethyl heptanoic acid has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and urine. Within the cell, 1-methylethyl heptanoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is the D-enantiomer of N-acetylgalactosamine. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-D-hexosamine and a N-acetylgalactosamine. 
2-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-5, 7-dimethoxy-4H-chromen-4-one, also known as 5, 7-DMHF or 5, 7-dimethoxy-4'-hydroxyflavone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the flavonoid backbone. 2-(4-Hydroxyphenyl)-5, 7-dimethoxy-4H-chromen-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, solution appears as a colorless to yellow aqueous solution with an odor of sulfur dioxide. Corrosive to metals. 
it is an orally available, potent, selective inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. Compared to vildagliptin, it caused longer lasting inhibition of DPP-4 activity. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of ent-diltiazem and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a potassium channel blocker. It contains an ent-diltiazem(1+). It is an enantiomer of a diltiazem hydrochloride. 
it is an organic heterohexacyclic compound and an indolocarbazole. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor. 
it is an organic disulfide and a glutathione derivative. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is the oxidized disulfide form of glutathione (GSH) with potential protective activity. it (it) is reduced by glutathione reductase to GSH. it and GSH together play important roles in numerous redox reactions, such as those involved in the detoxification of harmful substances and free radicals, and in reactions preventing oxidative damage in erythrocytes. Upon ocular administration in irrigation solution, it may exert a beneficial effect on the intracellular redox state of glutathione, thereby protecting the integrity and barrier function of the corneal endothelial cells. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in potato and root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Iodine it is a radioactive isotope of iodine with an atomic mass of 131, a half life of eight days, and potential antineoplastic activity. Selectively accumulating in the thyroid gland, iodine I 131 emits beta and gamma particles, thereby killing thyroid cells and decreasing thyroid hormone production. 
it is an aryl sulfide that is (2E)-3-phenyl-N-(2-sulfanylphenyl)prop-2-enamide in which the hydrogen of the thiol group is substituted by a 3-(dimethylamino)propyl group. It is a 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor antagonist and an inhibitor of SARS-CoV replication. It has a role as an EC 3.4.22.69 (SARS coronavirus main proteinase) inhibitor, an antiviral agent and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a tertiary amino compound, a secondary carboxamide, a member of cinnamamides and an aryl sulfide. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a steroid that has a structure based on a 21-carbon (pregnane) skeleton. Note that individual examples may have ring substituents at other positions and/or contain double bonds, aromatic A-rings, expanded/contracted rings etc., so the formula and mass may vary from that given for the generic structure. 
3-(6, 7-Dimethoxy-2H-1, 3-benzodioxol-5-yl)prop-2-enal belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cinnamaldehydes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a cinnamlaldehyde moiety, consisting of a benzene and an aldehyde group to form 3-phenylprop-2-enal. 3-(6, 7-Dimethoxy-2H-1, 3-benzodioxol-5-yl)prop-2-enal is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
2-Methyl-3-methyldithiofuran, also known as (2-methylfuryl-3)methyl disulfide or fema 3573, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2-Methyl-3-methyldithiofuran is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-3-methyldithiofuran is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Methyl-3-methyldithiofuran exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 2-Methyl-3-methyldithiofuran is a beef, cooked meat, and meaty tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, coffee and coffee products, and fats and oils. This makes 2-methyl-3-methyldithiofuran a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Indol-3-ylacetaldehyde is an it that is acetaldehyde in which one of the methyl hydrogens are replaced by a indol-3-yl group. It is an intermediate metabolite in the metabolism of tryptophan. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a bacterial metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it appears as a purplish colored crystalline solid. Noncombustible but accelerates the burning of combustible material. If the combustible material is finely divided the mixture may be explosive. Contact with liquid combustible materials may result in spontaneous ignition. Contact with sulfuric acid may cause fire or explosion. Used to make other chemicals and as a disinfectant. 
9-fluoro-5-methyl-1-oxo-6,7-dihydro-1H,5H-pyrido[3,2,1-ij]quinoline-2-carboxylic acid is a member of the class of pyridoquinolines that is 1-oxo-6,7-dihydro-1H,5H-pyrido[3,2,1-ij]quinoline carrying additional carboxy, methyl and fluoro substituents at positions 2, 5 and 9 respectively. It is a pyridoquinoline, a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid, an organofluorine compound and a quinolone antibiotic. 
it is a cholestanoid consisting of cholestane having a double bond at the 5,6-position as well as a 3beta-hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite, a Daphnia galeata metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a cholestanoid, a C27-steroid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. it is an animal sterol found in the body tissues (and blood plasma) of vertebrates. It can be found in large concentrations within the liver, spinal cord, and brain. it is an important component of the membranes of cells, providing stability. It is the major precursor for the synthesis of vitamin D, of the various steroid hormones, including cortisol, cortisone, and aldosterone in the adrenal glands, and of the sex hormones progesterone, estrogen, and testosterone. it also has an important role for the brain synapses as well as in the immune system. In conditions featuring elevated low density lipoproteins (LDL), it often forms plaque deposits in the walls of arteries, a condition known as atherosclerosis, which is a major contributor to coronary heart disease and other forms of cardiovascular disease. 
it is a UDP-D-galactose(2-) in which the anomeric centre of the galactose moiety has alpha-configuration. It is an UDP-D-galactose(2-) and an UDP-monosaccharide(2-). It is a conjugate base of an UDP-alpha-D-galactose. 
Fast green FCF(1+) is an iminium ion that is the free acid form of Fast green FCF. It is a conjugate acid of a Fast green FCF(2-). 
Gadoit is a paramagnetic extracellular magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) contrast agent that facilitates visualization of abnormal vascularity. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoit decreases T1 (spin-lattice or longitudinal relaxation time) and T2 (spin-spin or transverse relaxation time) values in tissues where it accumulates. At the recommended dose, the effect is primarily on T1 relaxation time, and produces an increase in signal intensity. Gadoit does not cross the intact blood-brain barrier. However, abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoit. (NCI05) 
it is a 6-alkylaminopurine that is 7H-purin-6-amine where one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by a 4-hydroxy-3-methylbutyl group. It is an intermediate in the zeatin biosynthesis. It has a role as a cytokinin and a plant metabolite. 
it is a cyclitol that is cyclohexanone which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 3, 4, and 5, and by a hydroxymethyl group at position 5 (the 2R,3S,4S,5S stereoisomer). It is a cyclitol, an alicyclic ketone and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is 2,4-dimethylphenol which is substituted at positions 3 and 6 by 4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-ylmethyl and tert-butyl groups, respectively. A direct-acting sympathomimetic with marked alpha-adrenergic activity, it is a vasoconstrictor that is used (generally as the hydrochloride salt) to relieve nasal congestion. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a sympathomimetic agent, a nasal decongestant and a vasoconstrictor agent. It is a member of phenols, a carboxamidine and a member of imidazolines. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). it is an imidazole derivative with direct acting sympathomimetic activity. it binds to and activates alpha-2 adrenergic receptors. Upon nasal or ocular administration, it constricts the arterioles in the nose and eye, resulting in decreased nasal and conjunctival congestion, respectively. 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine which is substituted by a 2-(1-methylpyrrolidin-1-ium-1-yl)propanoyl group at position 10. It is a member of phenothiazines, a tertiary carboxamide and a quaternary ammonium ion. 
it is an iminium salt composed of (4-{[4-(dimethylamino)-3-methylphenyl][4-(trimethylazaniumyl)phenyl]methylidene}cyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene)(dimethyl)ammonium and chloride ions in a 1:2 ratio. A histological dye used for staining chromatin and amyloid. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is an iminium salt, an organic chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains an it(2+). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00890318 (A Study in Healthy Adult Subjects to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetic Profiles of Multiple Doses of it Used to Treat Hepatitis C). 
it is a it, a divalent metal cation and a monoatomic dication. It has a role as a human metabolite and a cofactor. Calcium Cation is the metabolically-active portion of calcium, not bound to proteins, circulating in the blood. 
it is a sphingomyelin d18:1 in which the acyl group specified is heptadecanoyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a sphingomyelin d18:1 and a sphingomyelin 35:1. It derives from a heptadecanoic acid. 
it is a flavanone glycoside that is butin substituted by two beta-D-glucopyranosyl residues at positions 7 and 3' respectively. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a flavanone glycoside, a monohydroxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a butin. 
it is an amino acid ester that is methyl glycine in which one of hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is remplaced by a 4-fluorobenzyl group while the other is replaced by a 3,4-dimethoxycinnamyl group. It is a tertiary amino compound, an alpha-amino acid ester, a glycine derivative, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a methyl ester. 
it is a ribose bisphosphate that is the cyclic-1,2-phosphate derivative of 5-phospho-alpha-D-ribose. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-phosphonato-alpha-D-ribose cyclic-1,2-phosphate(3-). 
it is an optically active tetramine epitope consisting of three separate amino substituents attached to a central carbon. It has a role as an epitope. It is a tetramine and an aldehyde hydrate. 
12-oxo-trans-10-dodecenoic acid is a monounsaturated fatty acid comprising dodecanoic acid having a trans-double bond at the 10-position and a 12-oxo group. It has a role as a plant hormone. It is a medium-chain fatty acid, a straight-chain fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid and an oxo fatty acid. It derives from a trans-10-dodecenoic acid. 
2, 4, 6-Triethyl-1, 3, 5-trioxane, also known as parapropanal or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trioxanes. Trioxanes are compounds containing a six-member aliphatic saturated heterocycle made up of three oxygen atoms and three carbon atoms. 2, 4, 6-Triethyl-1, 3, 5-trioxane exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 4, 6-triethyl-1, 3, 5-trioxane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid that is 2,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid in which the hydrogen at position 6 is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a member of resorcinols. It is a conjugate acid of an o-orsellinate. 
it is the 17beta-isomer of it. It has a role as an estrogen, a human metabolite, an EC 1.2.3.1 (aldehyde oxidase) inhibitor, a Daphnia magna metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and an it. Therapeutic it is a synthetic form of it, a steroid sex hormone vital to the maintenance of fertility and secondary sexual characteristics in females, that may be used as hormone replacement therapy. Typically esterified, it derivatives are formulated for oral, intravaginal, transdermal, or parenteral administration. As the primary, most potent estrogen hormone produced by the ovaries, it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors. it exhibits mild anabolic and metabolic properties, and increases blood coagulability. It may play a role in immune and inflammatory processes. 
it is the D-enantiomer of it It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-glyceric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phosphonato-D-glycerate(3-). 
it appears as a colorless liquid with an ether-like odor. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals and as a solvent. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fruity odor. Flash point 64Â°F. Less dense than water (6.2 lb / gal) and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air . it is the acetate ester of isobutanol. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from an isobutanol. 
it is an oxopentanoic acid carrying an oxo group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an oxopentanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-oxopentanoate. 
it is a benzoic acid compound having iodo substituents at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions, an acetamido substituent at the 3-position and an acetamidomethyl substituent at the 5-position. It has a role as a radioopaque medium. It is a member of benzoic acids and an organoiodine compound. 
Hydraulic fluids are a large group of liquids made of many kinds of chemicals. They are used in automobile automatic transmissions, brakes, and power steering; fork lift trucks; tractors; bulldozers; industrial machinery; and airplanes. The three most common types of hydraulic fluids are mineral oil, organophosphate ester, and polyalphaolefin. Some of the trade names for hydraulic fluids include DuradÂ®, FyrquelÂ®, SkydrolÂ®, Houghton-SafeÂ®, PydraulÂ®, ReofosÂ®, ReolubeÂ®, and QuintolubricÂ®. (Use of trade names is for identification only and does not imply endorsement by the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, the Public Health Service, or the U. S. Department of Health and Human Services. ) Some hydraulic fluids have a bland, oily smell and others have no smell; some will burn and some will not burn. Certain hydraulic fluids are produced from crude oil and others are manufactured. 
it is a retinal in which the double bond alpha- to the aldehyde group has cis configuration, whilst the remaining acyclic double bonds have trans configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is the S-enantiomer of 3-hydroxybutyric acid; a normal human metabolite, that has been found elevated in geriatric patients remitting from depression. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-3-hydroxybutyrate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-3-hydroxybutyric acid. 
it appears as white or creamy white powder. pH (1% aqueous solution) between 4.9 and 5.1. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyridine derivate histamine H1 antagonist with pronounced sedative properties. it competitively blocks the histamine H1 receptor and limits the typical allergic and anaphylactic responses, including bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle, caused by actions of histamine on bronchial and gastrointestinal smooth muscles, and on capillaries. This drug also prevents histamine-induced pain and itching of the skin and mucous membranes. 
it is a biphenyl compound comprising two tyrosine residues linked at carbon-3 of their benzene rings. It has a role as a biomarker. It is a member of biphenyls, a tyrosine derivative and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. 
it is a pyrroloquinoline that is 1,2,5,6-tetrahydro-4H-pyrrolo[3,2,1-ij]quinoline in which the hydrogens at position 4 are replaced by an oxo group. A fungicide used to control rice blast, it is not approved wof use within the European Union. It has a role as a melanin synthesis inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a pyrroloquinoline and a delta-lactam. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of laudanine It derives from a (R)-norlaudanosoline. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-laudanine. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is 5-dehydrohorminone in which the hydroxy group at position 12 is replaced by a methoxy group. Isolated from the roots of Salvia multicaulis, it exhibits antitubercular activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is an abietane diterpenoid, an enol ether, a secondary alcohol and a member of p-quinones. It derives from a horminone. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. it is a benzodiazepine with anxiolytic, sedative, hypnotic, and anticonvulsant properties. it exerts its effect by de-activating the nervous system through potentiation of the inhibitory effect of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) on the GABA-A receptors by binding to a site that is distinct from the GABA binding site. Its inhibitory effect is caused by an increase in GABA-mediated chloride channel opening events, leading to hyperpolarization and synaptic inhibition. 
it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone that is 9,10-anthraquinone which is substituted by a carboxy group at position 2, a methyl group at position 3, and hydroxy groups at positions 1, 6, and 8. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a member of phenols and a trihydroxyanthraquinone. 
it is the 1H-tautomer of it. It is a conjugate base of a itium. It is a conjugate acid of a it-1-ide. It is a tautomer of a 3H-it and a 4H-it. 
it is a monohydroxyquinoline in which the hydroxy group is positioned at C-8 with a nitro group trans to it at C-5. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antifungal agent, a renal agent and an antiinfective agent. It is a C-nitro compound and a monohydroxyquinoline. 
it is a iron chelate in which the four oxygen atoms from itic acid are coordinated with two iron atoms. A red extracellular pigment formed by a number of species of bacteria and some species of yeast after growth in media enriched in iron(III). It has a role as a biological pigment. It derives from a itic acid. 
it is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called signal transduction inhibitors. it is a synthetic flavonoid derivative. it activates the mitochondrial caspase system, inhibits X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis (XIAP), and disrupts FLICE inhibitory protein (FLIP) expression, resulting in tumor cell apoptosis. This agent also inhibits DNA topoisomerase II by stabilizing the cleavable complex, thereby preventing DNA replication and resulting in tumor cell death. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran-8-methanol diacetate substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 2, an ethyl group at position 4 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is a member of chromenes, an acetate ester, a monomethoxybenzene and a diester. 
it is a 5-alkylresit in which the alkyl group is specified as methyl. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a 5-alkylresit and a dihydroxytoluene. 
it, also known as sk&f 1995 or crag dcu-73W, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ureas. Ureas are compounds containing two amine groups joined by a carbonyl (C=O) functional group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a penetrating, irritating odor. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
8,11,14-icosatrien-5-ynoic acid is a trienoic fatty acid, that is icosanoic acid containing double bonds at positions 8, 11 and 14 and a triple bond at position 5. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is an acetylenic fatty acid, a trienoic fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a faint fishlike odor. Flash point 199Â°F. Corrosive to tissue. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced by combustion. 
it, also known as N-desmethylpropafenone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as linear 1, 3-diarylpropanoids. These are organic compounds with a structure based on a C6-C3-C6 skeleton, where the two benzene rings are not linked together. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a pyridinedicarboxylic acid that is pyridine substituted by carboxy groups at positions 2 and 3. It is a metabolite of tryptophan. It has a role as a NMDA receptor agonist, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-) and a it. 
it is the orally available hydrochloride salt of pyrrolidine-3-carboxylic acid with potential antineoplastic activity. As a selective antagonist of the endothelin-A (ETA) receptor, atrasentan binds selectively to the ETA receptor, which may result in inhibition of endothelin-induced angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation. 
3-chloro-N-[trans-4-(methylamino)cyclohexyl]-N-[3-(pyridin-4-yl)benzyl]-1-benzothiophene-2-carboxamide is a member of the class of 1-benzothiophenes that is 3-chloro-1-benzothiophene-2-carboxamide in which the amide nitrogen is substituted by trans-4-(methylamino)cyclohexyl and 3-(pyridin-4-yl)benzyl groups. A smoothened (Smo) receptor agonist that antagonizes cyclopamine action at the Smo receptor. Activates the Hedgehog signaling pathway in a Patched independent manner. It has a role as a SMO receptor agonist. It is a member of 1-benzothiophenes, an organochlorine compound, a biaryl, a phenylpyridine, a tertiary carboxamide and a secondary amino compound. 
it is an anxiolytic drug from the cyclopyrrolone family, which is related to other more well known drugs such as the sleeping medication zopiclone. It is one of a relatively recently developed class of medicines known as the nonbenzodiazepines, which have similar effects to the older benzodiazepine group, but with quite different chemical structures. 
it is a hydroxyisoflavone with a quinone structure in ring B. Isolated from Dalbergia parviflora, it exhibits antineoplastic and anti-inflammatory activities. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a metabolite. It is a methoxyisoflavone, a hydroxyisoflavone, an oxoisoflavone and a member of 1,4-benzoquinones. 
it is the methyl thiolester of 3-phospho-1-thio-D-glyceric acid. It is a carbohydrate acid ester, an aldonate ester phosphate and a thioester. It is a conjugate acid of a S-methyl 3-O-phosphonato-1-thio-D-glycerate(2-). 
it is an organochlorine compound that is dichloro-substituted acetamide containing a nitrobenzene ring, an amide bond and two alcohol functions. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial drug, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound, a diol, a C-nitro compound and a carboxamide. it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibiotic derived from Streptomyces venequelae with primarily bacteriostatic activity. it diffuses through the bacterial cell wall and reversibly binds to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. The binding interferes with peptidyl transferase activity, thereby prevents transfer of amino acids to the growing peptide chains and blocks peptide bond formation. As a result bacterial protein synthesis is blocked and impede bacterial cell proliferation. 
A thioxanthene neuroleptic that, unlike CHLORPROMAZINE, is claimed to have CNS-activating properties. It is used in the treatment of psychoses although not in excited or manic patients. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p595) 
it, also known as N-nitroso-L-thioproline or ntca, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is the sulfate salt of tobramycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from the bacterium Streptomyces tenebrarius with bactericidal activity. Following active transport into the cell, tobramycin binds irreversibly to a specific aminoglycoside receptor on the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and fixes the 30 S-50 S ribosomal complex at the start codon (AUG), interfering with the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, this agent induces misreading of the mRNA template, which results in 1) detachment of the ribosomal complex and inhibition of protein elongation or 2) incorporation of the incorrect amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain and the production of abnormal or nonfunctional proteins. Altogether, cell permeability is altered and cell death ensues. 
it is an alkane that is undecane substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 8. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an undecane. 
Aurora A Kinase Inhibitor MK5108 is an orally bioavailable, highly selective small molecule inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase Aurora A, with potential antimitotic and antineoplastic activity. Aurora A kinase inhibitor MK5108 binds to and inhibits Aurora A kinase, which may result in disruption of the assembly of the mitotic spindle apparatus, disruption of chromosome segregation, and eventually inhibition of cell division, proliferation and an induction of apoptosis in cells overexpressing Aurora A kinase. Aurora A kinase localizes to the spindle poles and to spindle microtubules during mitosis, and is thought to regulate spindle assembly. Aurora kinases are overexpressed in a wide variety of cancers. 
it is a cinnamate ester that is the methyl ester of 2,5-dihydroxycinnamic acid. It has a role as a human urinary metabolite. It is a cinnamate ester, a member of hydroquinones and a methyl ester. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is 2-oxobutyric acid which is substituted at position 3 by an indol-3-yl group. It is an indol-3-yl carboxylic acid and a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a butyric acid. 
Proguanil, also known as chloroguanide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1-arylbiguanides. These are organonitrogen compounds containing a biguanide that is N-arylsubstituted at only the 1-position. Proguanil is a drug which is used for the causal prevention and suppression of malaria caused by susceptible strains of p. falciparum and other species of plasmodium found in some geographical areas of the world. Proguanil exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Proguanil has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, proguanil is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
DT2 is an oligonucleotide comprised of two thymidine residues connected via a 3'->5' phosphodiester linkage. It contains a dTMP 3'-end residue. 
it is a N-acylglycinate that is the conjugate base of it. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is the 4-guanidino derivative of butanoic acid. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-guanidinobutanoate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point 16Â°F. Vapor and liquid may cause burns. Denser than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
Short, predominantly basic amino acid sequences identified as nuclear import signals for some proteins. These sequences are believed to interact with specific receptors at the NUCLEAR PORE. 
4,4'-bis({4-anilino-6-[bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl}amino)stilbene-2,2'-disulfonic acid is an organosulfonic acid comprising stilbene having 4-anilino-6-[bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl}amino groups at the 4 and 4'-positions and sulfo groups at the 2- and 2'-positions. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organosulfonic acid and a member of 1,3,5-triazines. It is a conjugate acid of a 4,4'-bis({4-anilino-6-[bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]-1,3,5-triazin-2-yl}amino)stilbene-2,2'-disulfonate. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. 
it is a member of pyrroles and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It has a role as an angiogenesis inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor, a vascular endothelial growth factor receptor antagonist, an immunomodulator and a neuroprotective agent. It derives from a 3-methyleneoxindole. it is an indolinone derivative and tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it blocks the tyrosine kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), platelet-derived growth factor receptor b (PDGFRb), and c-kit, thereby inhibiting angiogenesis and cell proliferation. This agent also inhibits the phosphorylation of Fms-related tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3), another receptor tyrosine kinase expressed by some leukemic cells. 
Benzene or pyrimidine derivatives of methacrylic acid that block the Qo site of CYTOCHROME B. They are widely used as agricultural fungicides. 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is lactic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens has been replaced by an imidazol-5-yl group. It has a role as a metabolite, a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of imidazoles. It derives from a 2-hydroxypropanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(imidazol-5-yl)lactate. 
it is an alkanesulfonic acid in which the sulfonic acid group is attached to a propan-2-yl group. It is a conjugate acid of a propane-2-sulfonate. 
it is an oxopurine that is guanine substituted by a [(1,3-dihydroxypropan-2-yl)oxy]methyl group at position 9. it is an antiviral drug used to treat or prevent AIDS-related cytomegalovirus infections. It has a role as an antiviral drug and an antiinfective agent. It is an oxopurine and a member of 2-aminopurines. It derives from a guanine. it is a synthetic guanine derivative with antiviral activity. As the active metabolite of it, it-5-triphosphate (it-TP) appears to inhibit viral DNA synthesis by competitive inhibition of viral DNA polymerases and incorporation into viral DNA, resulting in eventual termination of viral DNA elongation. 
Precursor of epinephrine that is secreted by the ADRENAL MEDULLA and is a widespread central and autonomic neurotransmitter. Norepinephrine is the principal transmitter of most postganglionic sympathetic fibers, and of the diffuse projection system in the brain that arises from the LOCUS CERULEUS. It is also found in plants and is used pharmacologically as a sympathomimetic. 
it is an aldoxime obtained by formal condensation of glyoxal with two molar equivalents of hydroxylamine. It derives from a glyoxal. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Tripelenamine hydrochloride appears as odorless white crystalline powder or solid. Bitter taste. Solutions are neutral to litmus. pH of aqueous solution (25 mg/mL): 6.71. pH of aqueous solution (50 mg/mL): 6.67. pH of aqueous solution (100 mg/mL): 5.56. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of tripelennamine, an ethylenediamine derivative with an antihistaminergic property. it competitively blocks central and peripheral histamine H1 receptors, thereby limiting histamine's effects, including bronchoconstriction, vasodilation, increased capillary permeability, and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In addition, this agent binds to muscarinic receptors, resulting in anticholinergic activity. 
it is a GDP-hexose having 4-amino-4,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-mannose as the hexose fragment. It derives from a perosamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
An antibiotic that is produced by Stretomyces achromogenes. It is used as an antineoplastic agent and to induce diabetes in experimental animals. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is asiatic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 19. It has been isolated from the leaves of Rosa laevigata. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a tetrol. It derives from an asiatic acid. It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 
An oxidation product, via XANTHINE OXIDASE, of oxypurines such as XANTHINE and HYPOXANTHINE. It is the final oxidation product of purine catabolism in humans and primates, whereas in most other mammals URATE OXIDASE further oxidizes it to ALLANTOIN. 
it is an amine that consists of an ethane skeleton substituted with a thiol group at C-1 and an amino group at C-2. It has a role as a radiation protective agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an amine and a thiol. It derives from an ethylamine. It is a conjugate base of a cysteaminium. 
it is a veterinary drug utilized as a sedative primarily in large animals, most frequently horses. It is also used less commonly in a wide variety of other animal species. This drug's chemical structure closely resembles that of clonidine, however, it is not approved for use in humans. 
Homopisatin, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pterocarpans. These are benzo-pyrano-furano-benzene compounds, containing the 6H-[1]benzofuro[3, 2-c]chromene skeleton. They are derivatives of isoflavonoids. Homopisatin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, homopisatin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, homopisatin can be found in herbs and spices, lentils, pulses, and tea. This makes homopisatin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
(R)-2-Benzylsuccinate, also known as (R)-2-benzylsuccinic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid (R)-2-Benzylsuccinate is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an alkaloid antibiotic, a botanical anti-fungal agent and a it alkaloid. It has a role as an antilipemic drug, a hypoglycemic agent, an antioxidant, a potassium channel blocker, an antineoplastic agent, an EC 1.1.1.21 (aldehyde reductase) inhibitor, an EC 1.1.1.141 [15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.52 (indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 1.21.3.3 (reticuline oxidase) inhibitor, an EC 2.1.1.116 [3'-hydroxy-N-methyl-(S)-coclaurine 4'-O-methyltransferase] inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.4 (phospholipase A2) inhibitor, an EC 3.4.21.26 (prolyl oligopeptidase) inhibitor, an EC 3.4.14.5 (dipeptidyl-peptidase IV) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.3.48 (protein-tyrosine-phosphatase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 2.7.11.10 (IkappaB kinase) inhibitor, an EC 2.1.1.122 [(S)-tetrahydroprotoit N-methyltransferase] inhibitor and a metabolite. 
it is a member of cyclopropanes and a terminal acetylenic compound. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide and an agrochemical. It derives from a chrysanthemic acid. 
it is a propenamide-based agent with antineoplastic activity. it has been shown to decrease tumor growth in animal models, but is accompanied with severe toxicity, including severe bone marrow suppression and weight loss. 
it is a tartrate(1-). It is a conjugate base of a L-tartaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-tartrate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a D-tartrate(1-). 
5-SulfO-1, 3-benzenedicarboxylic acid, also known as 5-sulfO-isophthalic acid or isophthalic acid, 5-sulfO- (6ci, 7ci, 8ci), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-sulfobenzoic acids. These are sulfobenzoic acid carrying the sulfonyl group at the 3-position of the benzene group. 5-SulfO-1, 3-benzenedicarboxylic acid exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-sulfO-1, 3-benzenedicarboxylic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as amphetamines and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing or derived from 1-phenylpropan-2-amine. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a phosphatidylinositol where the 1- and 2-O-acyl groups are hexadecanoyl and heptadecanoyl respectively. It has a role as an epitope. 
it is a benzazepine that is itat in which the carboxy group of the 2-amino-4-phenylbutanoic acid moiety has been converted to the corresponding ethyl ester. It is used (generally as its hydrochloride salt) as a prodrug for the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor itat in the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. It has a role as an EC 3.4.15.1 (peptidyl-dipeptidase A) inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a benzazepine, a dicarboxylic acid monoester, an ethyl ester and a lactam. It derives from a itat. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a carboxyl-containing angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. As a prodrug, it is metabolized to its active form itat. itat competitively binds to and inhibits ACE, thereby blocking the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II. This prevents the potent vasoconstrictive actions of angiotensin II resulting in vasodilation. itat also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex, which leads to an increase in sodium excretion and subsequently increases water outflow. 
2, 3, 4-Trimethoxybenzoic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-methoxybenzoic acids and derivatives. These are benzoic acids in which the hydrogen atom at position 4 of the benzene ring is replaced by a methoxy group. 2, 3, 4-Trimethoxybenzoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Geldanamycin is a benzoquinone antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces hygroscopicus. Geldanamycin binds to and inhibits the cytosolic chaperone functions of heat shock protein 90 (HSP90). HSP90 maintains the stability and functional shape of many oncogenic signaling proteins; the inhibition of HSP90 promotes the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins that may be over-expressed or overactive in tumor cells. (NCI04) 
P-methoxybenzaldehyde is a member of the class of benzaldehydes consisting of benzaldehyde itself carrying a methoxy substituent at position 4. It has a role as an insect repellent, a human urinary metabolite, a plant metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. 
it is a fatty alcohol that is decan-1-ol in which one of the hydrogens at position 9 has been replaced by a methyl group. It is a fatty alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
Liquid; light to dark brown. Sinks in water. Commercial solutions can contain ethanol/xylene/acetone with a flash point in the range 82-105Â° F. it is a member of the class of pyrimidines that is pyrimidine carrying an isopropyl group at position 2, a methyl group at position 6 and a (diethoxyphosphorothioyl)oxy group at position 4. It has a role as an agrochemical, an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor, a nematicide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is an organic thiophosphate and a member of pyrimidines. It derives from a 2-isopropyl-6-methylpyrimidin-4-ol. 
it is a it. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-glucuronic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenolic glycosides. These are organic compounds containing a phenolic structure attached to a glycosyl moiety. Some examples of phenolic structures include lignans, and flavonoids. Among the sugar units found in natural glycosides are D-glucose, L-Fructose, and L rhamnose. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is N-propylpiperidine in which a hydrogen at positon 2 of the propyl group is replaced by a p-ethylbenzoyl group. It is a member of piperidines and an aromatic ketone. 
it has been used in trials studying the basic science of Hyperlipoproteinemia and Hypercholesterolemia. it is a novel lipid-lowering agent with a complicated mechanism of action. it may affect bile acid metabolism, enhance sterol excretion, reduce cholesterol absorption, or enhance synthesis or sensitivity of the LDL receptors. In studies, its lipid-lowering effects were of a magnitude similar to that of the statins, but unlike statins, it had the ability to lower Lp(a), a risk factor in atherosclerosis. 
it, also known as roemerine or aporeine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aporphines. These are quinoline alkaloids containing the dibenzo[de, g]quinoline ring system or a dehydrogenated derivative thereof it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in coffee and coffee products and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is anthracene-9,10-dione substituted by a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy group at position 1. It is an anthraquinone, a beta-D-glucoside and a monosaccharide derivative. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a characteristic odor. Denser than water (13.2 lb / gal) and insoluble in water. Noncombustible. May cause illness by inhalation, skin absorption and/or ingestion. Used as a solvent, in the manufacture of other chemicals, as an agricultural fumigant, and for many other uses. it is a chlorocarbon that is methane in which all the hydrogens have been replaced by chloro groups. It has a role as a refrigerant and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a chlorocarbon and a member of chloromethanes. it is a clear, colorless, volatile and very stable chlorinated hydrocarbon. it is used as a solvent for oils and fats, as a refrigerant and as a dry-cleaning agent. Inhalation of its vapors can depress central nervous system activity and cause degeneration of the liver and kidneys. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
Bepotastine is a non-sedating, selective antagonist of the histamine 1 (H1) receptor. Bepotastine was approved in Japan for use in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and uriticaria/puritus in July 2000 and January 2002, respectively, and is marketed by Tanabe Seiyaku Co., Ltd. under the brand name Talion. It is available in oral and opthalmic dosage forms in Japan. The opthalmic solution is FDA approved since Sept 8, 2009 and is under the brand name Bepreve. 
Teriparatide is a recombinant human parathyroid hormone analogue that is used to treat osteoporosis in women or men with a high risk for bone fracture. Teriparatide therapy has not been associated with serum aminotransferase elevations during therapy and has not been implicated in instances of clinically apparent liver injury. 
it, also known as (+/-)-it or exaltone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-methylcyclopentadecanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a sweet, animal, and fatty taste. 
it is a chromone that consists of a furo[3,2-g]chromen-5-one skeleton and its substituted derivatives thereof. (The diagram shows the basic unsubstituted skeleton.) It is a member of chromones, an organic heterotricyclic compound and an oxacycle. 
it is azobenzene substituted at the phenyl 4-positions by an amino and a nitro group. It has a role as a dye and an allergen. It is a member of azobenzenes and a primary arylamine. It derives from an azobenzene. 
it is an amino cyclitol glycoside that is 4,6-diaminocyclohexane-1,2,3-triol having a 2,6-diamino-2,6-dideoxy-alpha-D-glucosyl residue attached at position 1 and a beta-D-ribosyl residue attached at position 2. It is an antibiotic produced by Streptomyces ribosidificus (formerly S. thermoflavus). It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is an amino cyclitol glycoside and an aminoglycoside antibiotic. It is a conjugate base of a it(4+). 
it is a synthetic peptide of 20 amino acids, comprising D-Phe, Pro, Arg, Pro, Gly, Gly, Gly, Gly, Asn, Gly, Asp, Phe, Glu, Glu, Ile, Pro, Glu, Glu, Tyr, and Leu in sequence. A congener of hirudin (a naturally occurring drug found in the saliva of the medicinal leech), it a specific and reversible inhibitor of thrombin, and is used as an anticoagulant. It has a role as an anticoagulant and an EC 3.4.21.5 (thrombin) inhibitor. it is a 20 amino acid long synthetic peptide with thrombin-specific anticoagulant properties. it reversibly binds thrombin, free as well as clot bound, at the catalytic site and the anion-binding exosite, thereby preventing the formation and activation of fibrin, factor XIIIa, and other coagulation factors. This drug is primarily used during coronary angioplasty procedures, in combination with aspirin, in patients with unstable angina. 
it is a steroid ester that is betamethasone in which the hydroxy hydrogens at positions 17 and 21 are replaced by propanoyl groups. It is used in combination with calcipotriene hydrate, a synthetic vitamin D analogue, for the topical treatment of plaque psoriasis in adult patients. It has a role as an antipsoriatic. It is a steroid ester, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a fluorinated steroid, a propanoate ester and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It derives from a betamethasone. Betamethasone Dipropionate is the 17,21-dipropionate ester of betamethasone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with metabolic, immunosuppressive and anti-inflammatory actions. it binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently binds to DNA to modify gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
Benzyl trans-2-methyl-2-butenoate, also known as (e)-phenylmethyl 2-methyl-2-butenoate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. Benzyl trans-2-methyl-2-butenoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, benzyl trans-2-methyl-2-butenoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Benzyl trans-2-methyl-2-butenoate has a balsamic, earthy, and mushroom taste. 
it is a thiophene substituted at C-2 by a 4-ethylbenzoyl group. It has a role as an epitope. It is a member of thiophenes and an aromatic ketone. 
it is an indolyl carboxylate ester obtained by formal condensation between the carboxy group of 1-methylindole-3-carboxylic acid with the hydroxy group of N-{2-[4-(hydroxymethyl)piperidin-1-yl]ethyl}methanesulfonamide. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. It is an indolyl carboxylate ester, a member of piperidines and a sulfonamide. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides. Fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides are compounds composed of a mono- or disaccharide moiety linked to one hydroxyl group of a fatty alcohol or of a phosphorylated alcohol (phosphoprenols), a hydroxy fatty acid or to one carboxyl group of a fatty acid (ester linkage) or to an amino alcohol. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Ginkgolide a belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ginkgolides and bilobalides. These are diterpene lactones with a structure based either on the gingkolide or the bilobalide skeleton. The ginkgolide skeleton is a very rigid structure consisting of hexacyclic C20 trilactone. The cis-fused F/A/D/C ring junction forms an empty semi-ball hole, the D ring contains a cage form tetrahydrofuran ring which occupies the center of the empty hole, and the oxygen atoms of the D, C and F ring and 10-hydroxyl group consist of an analogous crown ether structure. Ginkgolide a exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ginkgolide a is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a colorless liquid. Strong irritant to skin and tissue. Used as an initiator for room temperature cure of unsaturated polyester resins. 
it is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone that is 1,3-dihydro-2H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-one which is substituted at positions 5 and 7 by phenyl and nitro groups, respectively. It is used as a hypnotic for the short-term management of insomnia and for the treatment of epileptic spasms in infants (West's syndrome). It has a role as an anticonvulsant, an antispasmodic drug, a GABA modulator, a sedative and a drug metabolite. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone and a C-nitro compound. 
Bis-(methylthio)methane, also known as 2, 4-dithiapentane or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dithioacetals. Dithioacetals are compounds containing a dithioacetal functional group with the general structure R2C(SR')2. Bis-(methylthio)methane has been primarily detected in feces. Within the cell, bis-(methylthio)methane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Bis-(methylthio)methane exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. Bis-(methylthio)methane is a cheese, garlic, and green tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as fats and oils, milk and milk products, mushrooms, and crustaceans. This makes bis-(methylthio)methane a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
(R)-it, also known as it or tetrahydro-m-cresol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety (R)-it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (R)-it is primarily located in the cytoplasm (R)-it has a camphoraceous taste. 
it is a small molecule kinase inhibitor targeted against c-Met (a.k.a. hepatocyte growth factor receptor [HGFR]), a receptor tyrosine kinase that, in healthy humans, activates signaling cascades involved in organ regeneration and tissue repair. Aberrant c-Met activation - via mutations, amplification, and/or overexpression - is known to occur in many types of cancer, and leads to overactivation of multiple downstream signaling pathways such as STAT3, PI3K/ATK, and RAS/MAPK. Mutations in MET have been detected in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and the prevalence of MET amplification in epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKI)-naive patients with NSCLC has been reported to be 1.4% - 21%. This co-occurrence has made c-Met a desirable target in the treatment of NSCLC.  Manufactured by Novartis and marketed under the brand name Tabrecta, it was granted accelerated approval by the FDA on May 6, 2020, for the treatment of NSCLC in patients whose tumors have a mutation that leads to mesenchymal-epithelial transition (MET) exon 14 skipping. The presence of the mutation must be confirmed by an FDA-approved test, such as the FoundationOne CDx assay (manufactured by Foundation Medicine, Inc.), which was approved by the FDA on the same day. As this indication was granted under an accelerated approval, its continued approval is contingent upon verification of it's benefit in confirmatory trials. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the proto-oncogene c-Met (also known as hepatocyte growth factor receptor (HGFR)) with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to c-Met, thereby inhibiting c-Met phosphorylation and disrupting c-Met signal transduction pathways. This may induce cell death in tumor cells overexpressing c-Met protein or expressing constitutively activated c-Met protein. c-Met, a receptor tyrosine kinase overexpressed or mutated in many tumor cell types, plays key roles in tumor cell proliferation, survival, invasion, metastasis, and tumor angiogenesis. 
it is a benzoquinone antineoplastic antibiotic isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces hygroscopicus. it binds to and inhibits the cytosolic chaperone functions of heat shock protein 90 (HSP90). HSP90 maintains the stability and functional shape of many oncogenic signaling proteins; the inhibition of HSP90 promotes the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic signaling proteins that may be over-expressed or overactive in tumor cells. (NCI04) 
it is a sulfonamide that is benzenesulfonamide which is substituted at positions 2, 4, and 5 by chlorine, (2-thienylmethyl)amino and 1H-tetrazol-5-yl groups, respectively. It is a diuretic that has been used in the management of oedema and hypertension. It has a role as a loop diuretic. It is a member of tetrazoles, a member of monochlorobenzenes, a sulfonamide and a member of thiophenes. it is a monosulfamyl belonging to the class of loop diuretics. it inhibits sodium and chloride reabsorption throughout the thick ascending limb of the loop of Henle. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is benzoic acid having iodo substituents at the 2-, 4- and 6-positions and acetamido substituents at the 3- and 5-positions. It is used, mainly as its N-methylglucamine and sodium salts, as an X-ray contrast medium in gastrointestinal studies, angiography, and urography. It has a role as a radioopaque medium, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is an organoiodine compound, a member of benzoic acids and a member of acetamides. It is a conjugate acid of an it anion. it is an organic, iodinated radiopaque X-ray contrast medium used in diagnostic radiography. The iodine moiety of it is not penetrable by X-rays, therefore it blocks the X-ray film exposure by radiation. This makes it possible to distinguish, on X-ray film, body parts that contain it meglumine from body parts that do not contain this agent and allows for visualization of different body structures. 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid with formula C21H26O4, originally isolated from Tripterygium wilfordii and Tripterygium hypoglaucum It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a gamma-lactone, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. 
it is the meso-isomer of 2,6-diaminopimelic acid. It is a key constituent of bacterial peptidoglycan and is often found in human urine due to the breakdown of the gut microbes. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a meso-2,6-diaminopimelate(2-). It is a tautomer of a meso-2,6-diaminopimelic acid dizwitterion. 
it is an acyl CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of caffeic acid. It derives from a caffeic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a caffeoyl-CoA(4-). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid anion resulting from the removal of the from from the carboxy group of 3alpha,7alpha,12alpha-trihydroxy-5beta-cholestan-26-oic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 3alpha,7alpha,12alpha-trihydroxy-5beta-cholestan-26-oic acid. 
it is an optically active form of allysine having L-configuration. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an allysine, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and an aminoadipate semialdehyde. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Omega-3-Acid Ethyl Esters is an ethyl ester form of omega-3 fatty acid derived from fish oil, with activity in decreasing serum triglyceride levels. Although its mechanism of action isn't known, omega-3-acid ethyl esters may work by decreasing the amount of triglycerides and other fats made in the liver. 
Butyryl-CoA, also known as butanoyl-coa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to an acyl chain. Butyryl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Butyryl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, butyryl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. Butyryl-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, butyryl-CoA is involved in the butyrate metabolism pathway and the fatty acid metabolism pathway. Butyryl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include trifunctional protein deficiency, the ethylmalonic encephalopathy pathway, very-long-chain acyl CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (vlcad), and carnitine palmitoyl transferase deficiency (I). 
it is a triglyceride formed by acylation of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol with palmitoleic acid. It derives from a palmitoleic acid. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
C.i. pigment yellow 100 is a yellow to greenish-yellow powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyrazoles which is pyrazole-3-carboxylic acid substituted by an oxo group at position 5, a 4-sulfophenyl group at position 1 and (4-sulfophenyl)diazenyl group at position 4. It is an azo compound, a member of pyrazoles, a monocarboxylic acid and an arenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tartrazine(3-). 
it is a selective, potent and orally available A2B-adenosine receptor antagonist which CV Therapeutics is investigating for the potential treatment of asthma and other conditions related to inflammation and fibrosis. 
it. An inorganic compound that occurs in nature as the mineral it. In aqueous media combines quickly with water to form magnesium hydroxide. It is used as an antacid and mild laxative and has many nonmedicinal uses. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, anteisoundecanoic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is the sulfate salt of tobramycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from the bacterium Streptomyces tenebrarius with bactericidal activity. Following active transport into the cell, tobramycin binds irreversibly to a specific aminoglycoside receptor on the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and fixes the 30 S-50 S ribosomal complex at the start codon (AUG), interfering with the initiation of protein synthesis. In addition, this agent induces misreading of the mRNA template, which results in 1) detachment of the ribosomal complex and inhibition of protein elongation or 2) incorporation of the incorrect amino acids into the growing polypeptide chain and the production of abnormal or nonfunctional proteins. Altogether, cell permeability is altered and cell death ensues. 
it is a 6-phenyl-2,3,5,6-tetrahydroimidazo[2,1-b][1,3]thiazole that has R configuration. It has a role as an antidepressant. It is an enantiomer of a levamisole. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Used to make plastics and as a solvent. it is an alkylbenzene that is benzene substituted by a butyl group at position 1. 
it is a methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)alaninate that is the more active R-enantiomer of metalaxyl. A systemic fungicide, it is active against phytopathogens of the order Peronosporales and is used to conrtrol Pythium in a number of vegetable crops. It has a role as an agrochemical. It is a methyl N-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-N-(methoxyacetyl)alaninate, a D-alanine derivative, an acylamino acid fungicide and an anilide fungicide. It derives from a D-alanine. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-metalaxyl. 
it is an L-glutamic acid derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the alpha-carboxy group of L-glutamic acid with the amino group of 2-naphthylamine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a N-(2-naphthyl)carboxamide, an amino acid amide and a L-glutamic acid derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
2, 5-Dimethyl-3-propylpyrazine, also known as 2-propyl-3, 6-dimethylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-propylpyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyl-3-propylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2, 5-Dimethyl-3-propylpyrazine has a hazelnut taste. 
Dimethyl fumarate is an antiinflammatory and immunomodulatory agent that is used to treat relapsing multiple sclerosis. Dimethyl fumarate is associated with a low rate of transient serum enzyme elevations during treatment, but has not been linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. 
it is an alkene that is 1-nonene substituted by methyl groups at positions 4, 6 and 8 respectively. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 1-nonene. 
it is an ultra-long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is tetratriacontane in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it appears as a white solid. Used as a contact and systemic insecticide. it is a phosphoramide that is methamidophos in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by an acetyl group. It has a role as an acaricide, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It is a mixed diacylamine, a phosphoramide, an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. It derives from a member of methamidophos. 
it is a member of the class of chromenes that is 2H-1-benzopyran-7-ol acetate substituted butyl groups at positions 2 and 2, a methyl group at position 4 and a 4-methoxyphenyl group at position 3 respectively. It is an acetate ester, a member of chromenes and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it is a short-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of butyric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, a metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a butyric acid. 
it is the simplest delta-amino acid in which the hydrogens at the gamma position are replaced by an oxo group. It is metabolised to protoporphyrin IX, a photoactive compound which accumulates in the skin. Used (in the form of the hydrochloride salt)in combination with blue light illumination for the treatment of minimally to moderately thick actinic keratosis of the face or scalp. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, an antineoplastic agent, a dermatologic drug, a prodrug, a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a delta-amino acid and a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 4-oxopentanoic acid. It is a conjugate base of a 5-ammoniolevulinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. It is a tautomer of a 5-ammoniolevulinate. it is a topically administered metabolic precursor of protoporphyrin IX. After topical administration, aminolevulinic acid (ALA) is converted to protoporphyrin IX (PpIX) which is a photosensitizer. When the proper wavelength of light activates protoporphyrin IX, singlet oxygen is produced, resulting in a local cytotoxic effect. (NCI04) 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a hopanoid that is hopane substituted by an acetoxy group at position 29. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hopanoid, an acetate ester and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. 
it is a itnd a hydroxamic acid. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a (R)-trichostatic acid. it is a natural derivative of dienohydroxamic acid isolated from species of the bacterial genus Streptomyces. it reversibly and specifically inhibits histone deacetylases, resulting in hyperacetylation of core histones which modulate chromatin structure. The increase in histone acetylation promotes selective gene transcription and the inhibition of tumor growth. This agent is a potent inducer of tumor cell growth arrest, differentiation and apoptosis in a variety of transformed cells in culture and in tumor-bearing animals. (NCI04) 
it is the prodrug of a bifunctional sulfonate alkylating agent with myeloablative, immunosuppressive, and antineoplastic activities. Under physiological conditions, treosulfan converts nonenzymatically to L-diepoxybutane via a monoepoxide intermediate. The monoepoxide intermediate and L-diepoxybutane alkylate DNA at guanine residues and produce DNA interstrand crosslinks, resulting in DNA fragmentation and apoptosis. In escalated doses, this agent also exhibits myeloablative and immunosuppressive activities. 
Aldicarb appears as white crystals with a slightly sulfurous odor. Commercial formulations are granular Used as an insecticide, acaricide, and nematocide. (EPA, 1998) 
Oleandomycin is a macrolide antibiotic similar to erythromycin with antimicrobial activity. Oleandomycin targets and reversibly binds to the 50S subunit of bacterial ribosomes. This prevents translocation of peptidyl tRNA leading to an inhibition of protein synthesis. 
it is an N-acylglycine resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of glycine with formic acid. It is a N-formyl amino acid and a N-acylglycine. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefodizime, a third-generation, aminothiazolyl cephalosporin for parenteral use. Cefodizime has broad-spectrum activity and is stable to most beta-lactamases. 
it is an aromatic amide that is phenazine substituted at C-1 with a carbamoyl group. It is a member of phenazines, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
Rishitin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2-diols. These are polyols containing an alcohol group at two adjacent positions. Rishitin exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, rishitin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, rishitin can be found in a number of food items such as yellow bell pepper, garden tomato (var. ), orange bell pepper, and green bell pepper. This makes rishitin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid consisting of isobutyric acid having mercapto substituents on both beta-carbons. It is a dithiol and a sulfur-containing carboxylic acid. It derives from a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, an isoxazolidine-3,5-dione derivative, is being developed by Pfizer for the treatment of diabetes. It is the first non-thiazolidenedione to enter clinical trials. 
it is an N-acylglycine in which the acyl group is specified as myristoyl (tetradecanoyl). It has a role as a human urinary metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a N-acylglycine and a fatty amide. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-myristoylglycinate. 
it is a methyl-branched fatty acid that is but-2-enoic acid bearing a methyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monounsaturated fatty acid, a short-chain fatty acid, a methyl-branched fatty acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a 2-butenoic acid. 
Trans-it is a it in which the double bond has trans-configuration. It has a role as a MALDI matrix material and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a trans-sinapate. 
it is the cis-isomer of it. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is an imidazole that is 1H-imidazole substituted at position 2 by a nitro group. It has a role as an antitubercular agent. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of imidazoles. It derives from a 1H-imidazole. 
it is a clear oily yellow liquid with an aromatic odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a it consisting of fused benzene and furan rings. It is the parent compound of the class of its. It is a it and a member of its. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Advanced Cancer, Renal Cell Carcinoma, Metastases, Neoplasm, and Neuroendocrine Tumors, among others. 
it is a white to pale yellow crystalline powder with a slight odor. Acid to litmus. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining procarbazine with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. An antineoplastic chemotherapy drug used for treatment of Hodgkin's lymphoma. Metabolism yields azo-procarbazine and hydrogen peroxide, which results in the breaking of DNA strands. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It contains a procarbazine(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of a methylhydrazine derivative with antineoplastic and mutagenic activities. Although the exact mode of cytotoxicity has not been elucidated, procarbazine, after metabolic activation, appears to inhibit the trans-methylation of methionine into transfer RNA (t-RNA), thereby preventing protein synthesis and consequently DNA and RNA synthesis. This agent may also undergo auto-oxidation, resulting in the formation of cytotoxic free radicals which damage DNA through an alkylation reaction. 
it is an olefinic compound that is trans-hex-3-ene in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 have been replaced by p-hydroxyphenyl groups. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a carcinogenic agent, a xenoestrogen, an EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor, an antifungal agent, an endocrine disruptor, an EC 1.1.1.146 (11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase) inhibitor, an autophagy inducer and a calcium channel blocker. It is a polyphenol and an olefinic compound. it is a synthetic, nonsteroidal form of estrogen. A well-known teratogen and carcinogen, it inhibits the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis, thereby blocking the testicular synthesis of testosterone, lowering plasma testosterone, and inducing a chemical castration. 
4-(dichloroacetyl)piperazine-1-carbaldehyde is a member of the class of piperazines that is piperazine in which one of the nitrogens is substituted with a formyl group, while the other is substituted with a dichloroacetyl group. An antispermatogenic agent. It has a role as an antispermatogenic agent. It is a member of piperazines, a member of formamides, a tertiary carboxamide and an organochlorine compound. 
Mavyret is an oral, fixed combination of antiviral agents used to treat chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection due to any genotype (1 through 6). This combination has not been linked to instances or worsening of serum enzymes during therapy or with de novo appearance of clinically apparent liver injury. However, all effective direct acting antiviral agents for hepatitis C are considered capable of causing reactivation of hepatitis B in susceptible patients. 
it is a member of the class of depsidones that is 11H-dibenzo[b,e][1,4]dioxepine substituted by methyl groups at positions 1,6 and 9, chloro group at position 2, hydroxy group at position 3, formyl group at position 4, methoxy group at position 8 and an oxo group at position 11. It is a lichen metabolite isolated from several Psoroma species. It has a role as a lichen metabolite, an apoptosis inducer, an antineoplastic agent and an antimicrobial agent. It is a member of depsidones, an organic heterotricyclic compound, an aldehyde, an organochlorine compound, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. 
, also known as fema 3575, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as medium-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 4 and 12 carbon atoms. Thus, is considered to be a fatty acid lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of octanoic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an octanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(4-). 
it, also known as 2-mercapto-2-methyltetrahydrothiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiolanes. These are organic compounds containing thiolane, a five-member saturated ring containing four carbon atoms and a sulfur atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, tetrahydro-2-methyl-2-thiophenethiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a 2-[(4-ethyl-2,3-dioxopiperazin-1-yl)carboxamido]-2-phenylacetamido group. It has a role as an antibacterial drug. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is the anhydrous form of it, a broad-spectrum semisynthetic ureidopenicillin antibiotic. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, thereby interfering with the cross-linking of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. As a result, cell wall synthesis is interrupted leading to a weakened cell wall and eventually cell lysis. it is a broad-spectrum semisynthetic, ampicillin-derived ureidopenicillin antibiotic. it binds to penicillin binding proteins (PBP), the enzymes that catalyze the synthesis of peptidoglycan, a critical component of the bacterial cell wall. This blockade leads to the interruption of cell wall synthesis, consequently, leading to bacterial cell growth inhibition and cell lysis. it Sodium is the sodium salt of it, a broad-spectrum semisynthetic, ampicillin-derived ureidopenicillin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs), enzymes located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall, resulting in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and cell lysis. PBPs participate in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall, and in reshaping the cell wall during cell division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. 
it is a colorless liquid with a strong, pungent acrid odor. Used as a bactericide and fungicide, especially in food processing; as a reagent in making caprolactam and glycerol; as an oxidant for preparing epoxy compounds; as a bleaching agent; a sterilizing agent; and as a polymerization catalyst for polyester resins. (EPA, 1998) 
it is an oral nucleoside analogue and potent inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) RNA polymerase that is used in combination with other antiviral agents to treat chronic hepatitis C. Elevations in serum enzyme levels during sofosbuvir therapy are uncommon, and it has not been implicated convincingly in cases of clinically apparent liver injury with jaundice. Nevertheless, and for unknown reasons, successful antiviral therapy of hepatitis C with sofosbuvir and other direct acting agents in patients with cirrhosis is occasionally complicated by hepatic decompensation; furthermore, treatment can cause reactivation of hepatitis B in susceptible patients coinfected with the hepatitis B virus (HBV). it is an orally available nucleotide prodrug and a hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5B polymerase inhibitor with potential HCV inhibiting activity. Upon oral administration, sofosbuvir is metabolized to 2'-deoxy-2'-alpha-fluoro-beta-C-methyluridine-5'-monophosphate, which is then converted into the active triphosphate nucleotide that inhibits the NS5B polymerase, thereby preventing viral replication. The HCV NS5B protein, an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, is essential for the replication of the viral HCV RNA genome. 
it, also known as fema 2190, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a buttermilk, buttery, and cheese taste. 
it is a bile acid taurine conjugate of deoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a deoxycholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a taurodeoxycholate. 
it is a D-galactopyranose having beta-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an epitope and a mouse metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a beta-L-galactose. 
UDP-alpha-D-xylose is a UDP-sugar having alpha-xylose as the sugar component. It is an important metabolite in the nucleotide sugar metabolism in animals, plants, fungi, and bacteria. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an UDP-alpha-D-xylose(2-). 
Glycerol alpha-monochlorohydrin appears as a colorless liquid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a chloropropane-1,2-diol that is propane-1,2-diol substituted by a chloro group at position 3. 
it is a semisynthetic beta-lactamase-stable penicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it appears as an anticancer drug. White to slightly yellow crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) Vinblastine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of vinblastine, a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Catharanthus roseus (Madagascar periwinkle) with antineoplastic properties. Vinblastine disrupts microtubule formation and function during mitosis and interferes with glutamic acid metabolism. (NCI04) 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is malonic acid in which both methylene hydrogens have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a fatty acid synthesis inhibitor. 
Polyunsaturated side-chain quinone derivative which is an important link in the electron transport chain of green plants during the photosynthetic conversion of light energy by photophosphorylation into the potential energy of chemical bonds. 
Antibiotic complex obtained from Streptomyces bambergiensis containing mainly Moenomycins A and C. They are used as feed additives and growth promoters for poultry, swine, and cattle. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-alanyl and glycine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is the carboxymethyl ester of diclofenac. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug related to diclofenac, it is used in the management of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis. It has a role as an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a carboxylic ester, a secondary amino compound, an amino acid and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a diclofenac. 
it is an amido thiophene-2-carboxylic acid derivative used as an inhibitor of HCV (Hepatitis C Virus) RNA polymerase. It has a role as an EC 2.7.7.6 (RNA polymerase) inhibitor. It is a member of thiophenes and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a white powder. Melting point 121Â°C. Stable in air. Insoluble in water. A female sex hormone. Low toxicity. it is a C21-steroid hormone in which a pregnane skeleton carries oxo substituents at positions 3 and 20 and is unsaturated at C(4)-C(5). As a hormone, it is involved in the female menstrual cycle, pregnancy and embryogenesis of humans and other species. It has a role as a contraceptive drug, a progestin, a it receptor agonist, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a C21-steroid hormone. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. Therapeutic it is the therapeutic form of the naturally occurring hormone it. it binds to the it receptor, resulting in dissociation of heat shock proteins, receptor phosphorylation, and transcription activation through direct or indirect interaction with transcription factors. This agent exerts inhibitory effects on estrogens by decreasing the number of estrogen receptors and increasing its metabolism to inactive metabolites. it induces secretory changes in the endometrium, decreases uterine contractility during pregnancy, and maintains pregnancy. 
it is a glycosyl alditol consisting of beta-D-glucopyranose and D-glucitol residues joined in sequence by a (1->4) glycosidic bond. It derives from a beta-D-glucose and a D-glucitol. 
Rotigotine, also known as neupro or racemic it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetralins. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a tetralin moiety, which consists of a benzene fused to a cyclohexane. Rotigotine is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Rotigotine has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, rotigotine is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an organoammonium salt resulting from the mixing of equimolar amounts of it free base and trifluoroacetic acid. An inhibitor of geranylgeranyltransferase type I. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.59 (protein geranylgeranyltransferase type I) inhibitor. It contains a trifluoroacetate and a it free base(1+). 
it is a dehydroamino acid derived from glycine. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a dehydroamino acid and an imine. It is a conjugate acid of a dehydroglycinate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a macrolide originally discovered as product of Streptomyces ambofaciens, with antibacterial and antiparasitic activities. Although the specific mechanism of action has not been characterized, it likely inhibits protein synthesis by binding to the 50S subunit of the bacterial ribosome. This agent also prevents placental transmission of toxoplasmosis presumably through a different mechanism, which has not yet been characterized. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quassinoids. These are a group of compounds chemically degraded from triterpenes. According to their basic skeleton, quassinoids are categorized into five distinct groups, C-18, C-19, C-20, C-22 and C-25 types. The C-20 quassinoids can be further classified into two types, tetracyclic and the pentacyclic. The tetracyclic variety does not have oxygenation at C-20, while the pentacyclic quassinoids possess additional oxygenation at C-20 that allows for the formation of an additional ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an enal consisting of non-2-ene having an oxo group at the 1-position and a hydroxy group at the 4-position. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a hydroxyaldehyde, an enal and a it. 
it is the L-enantiomer of threitol. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a D-threitol. 
it, also known as Î±-cubebene or alpha-cubenene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and saliva. Within the cell, Alpha-cubebene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a herbal and waxy tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as pot marjoram, star anise, parsley, and ginger. This makes Alpha-cubebene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. it has been linked to the inborn metabolic disorders including celiac disease. 
it appears as dark red needles or red solid. (NTP, 1992) it is the primary amino compound that is 1,2-phenylenediamine (o-phenylenediamine) substituted at the 4- (para-) position by a nitro group. It is a primary amino compound and a C-nitro compound. It derives from a 1,2-phenylenediamine. 
Guanosine 5'-monophosphate(2-) is a nucleoside 5'-monophosphate(2-) that results from the removal of two protons from the phosphate group of it. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a guanosine 5'-monophosphate. 
Methyl orthosilicate appears as a clear colorless liquid. Flash point below 125Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Very toxic by ingestion and inhalation and very irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make paints and lacquers. 
it appears as white odorless crystals or granules that become yellow upon exposure to air. Sinks and mixes in water. (USCG, 1999) it is an ammonium salt composed of ammonium and bromide ions in a 1:1 ratio. It is an ammonium salt and a bromide salt. 
it is a 2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)-5-{[2-(3,4-dimethoxyphenyl)ethyl](methyl)amino}-2-(propan-2-yl)pentanenitrile that has R configuration. It competitively inhibits the multidrug resistance efflux pump P-glycoprotein (MDR-1, EC 3.6.3.44), thereby potentially increasing the effectiveness of a wide range of antineoplastic drugs which are inactivated by MDR-1 mechanisms. it exhibits lower calcium antagonistic activity and toxicity than racemic verapamil. It has a role as an EC 3.6.3.44 (xenobiotic-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (S)-verapamil. it is the R-enantiomer of the calcium channel blocker verapamil. it competitively inhibits the multidrug resistance efflux pump P-glycoprotein (MDR-1), thereby potentially increasing the effectiveness of a wide range of antineoplastic drugs which are inactivated by MDR-1 mechanisms. This agent exhibits decreased calcium antagonistic activity and toxicity compared to racemic verapamil. (NCI04) 
A derivative of CHLORAL HYDRATE that was used as a sedative but has been replaced by safer and more effective drugs. Its most common use is as a general anesthetic in animal experiments. 
it is a member of the class of tetraphenes that is tetraphene-7,12-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 8 and a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of tetraphenes, a member of phenols and a member of p-quinones. 
it is an icosatetraenoic acid in which the double bonds are located at the 6-7, 8-9, 11-12, and 14-15 positions and have E, Z, Z, and Z geometry, respectively, and in which the pro-S hydrogen is substituted by a hydroperoxy group. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from an icosa-6,8,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a catechol-type siderophore with a structure of D-lysyl-L-serine substituted on N(2) of the lysyl residue by a 2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl group. It is produced by the Gram-negative bacillus Dickeya dadantii (previously known as Erwinia chrysanthem). Only the catecholate hydroxyl groups participate in metal coordination, so it cannot provide full 1:1 coordination of Fe(III); at neutral pH and concentrations of about 0.1 mM, ferric it exists as a mixture of bis and tris complexes. It has a role as a siderophore and a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of catechols, a dipeptide, a monocarboxylic acid, a primary alcohol and a primary amino compound. 
it is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of raloxifene and hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, an estrogen antagonist and an estrogen receptor modulator. It contains a raloxifene(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt form of raloxifene, a selective benzothiophene estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) with lipid lowering effects and activity against osteoporosis. it specifically binds to estrogen receptors in responsive tissue, including liver, bone, breast, and endometrium. The resulting ligand-receptor complex is translocated to the nucleus where, depending on the tissue type, it promotes or suppresses the transcription of estrogen-regulated genes, thereby exerting its agonistic or antagonistic effects. This agent functions as an estrogen agonist in lipid metabolism, thereby decreasing total and LDL cholesterol levels. In tissue like bone, it decreases bone resorption and bone turnover and increases bone mineral density. it acts as an estrogen antagonist in uterine and breast tissue. This agent also exerts an anti-proliferative effect on estrogen-sensitive breast cancer. 
it is an optically active form of it having L-configuration. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor, a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a it family amino acid, a proteinogenic amino acid, a it and a L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a L-glutaminium. It is a conjugate acid of a L-glutaminate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is a nonessential amino acid. it can donate the ammonia on its side chain to the formation of urea (for eventual excretion by the kidneys) and to purines (necessary for the synthesis of nucleic acids). Glutamic acid-to-it conversion, in which an ammonia group is added to glutamic acid (catalyzed by it synthase), is of central importance in the regulation of toxic levels of ammonia in the body. This agent is a substrate for the production of both excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitters (glutamate and GABA) and is also an important source of energy for the nervous system. it may become a conditionally essential amino acid during certain catabolic states. 
5-Chloro-1, 3-dihydro-1-(4-piperidinyl)-2H-benzimidazol-2-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzimidazoles. These are organic compounds containing a benzene ring fused to an imidazole ring (five member ring containing a nitrogen atom, 4 carbon atoms, and two double bonds). 5-Chloro-1, 3-dihydro-1-(4-piperidinyl)-2H-benzimidazol-2-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 5-Chloro-1, 3-dihydro-1-(4-piperidinyl)-2H-benzimidazol-2-one has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 5-chloro-1, 3-dihydro-1-(4-piperidinyl)-2H-benzimidazol-2-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a member of the class of phenothiazines that is 10H-phenothiazine having a trifluoromethyl subsitituent at the 2-position and a 3-(dimethylamino)propyl group at the N-10 position. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, an antiemetic, a first generation antipsychotic and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a tertiary amine, a member of phenothiazines and an organofluorine compound. It derives from a hydride of a 10H-phenothiazine. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-asparagine, L-leucine, L-phenylalanine and L-aspartic acid joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine, a L-leucine, a L-phenylalanine and a L-aspartic acid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Psoriasis, Pharmacodynamics, Drug Interactions, Colitis, Ulcerative, and RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS, among others. 
it is an oxo dicarboxylic acid comprising adipic acid having the oxo group at the 3-position as well as a hydroxy substituent at the 2-position. It is an oxo dicarboxylic acid and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from an adipic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxy-3-oxoadipate(2-). 
4,4'-(ethyl-2-nitropropane-1,3-diyl)bismorpholine is a C-nitro compound that is a bismorpholine consisting of two morpholinomethyl groups bonded to C-1 of 1-nitropropane. It has a role as an allergen. It is a member of morpholines and a C-nitro compound. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid. Burns, though may be difficult to ignite. Corrosive to tissue. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a trihydroxyflavone that is 5,7,3'-trihydroxyflavone with methoxy substituents at positions 6, 8 and 4' respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavone and a trimethoxyflavone. 
it is this compound belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids and derivatives. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon), or a derivative thereof. It is an imidazolidinone, a member of ureas and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an alpha-amino acid. 
it appears as odorless white flakes or chunky solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a tetrachlorobenzene carrying chloro groups at positions 1, 2, 4 and 5. 
A natural high-viscosity mucopolysaccharide with alternating beta (1-3) glucuronide and beta (1-4) glucosaminidic bonds. It is found in the UMBILICAL CORD, in VITREOUS BODY and in SYNOVIAL FLUID. A high urinary level is found in PROGERIA. 
6-bromo-2-naphthyl alpha-D-galactoside is an alpha-D-galactoside having a 6-bromo-2-naphthyl substituent at the anomeric position. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is an alpha-D-galactoside and an organobromine compound. It derives from a 6-bromo-2-naphthol. 
it is an organic heterohexacyclic compound isolated from a mussel-derived Aspergillus species that is 3,6b,7,7a,10,11,12,12a,14a,15-decahydro-8H,13H-pyrano[2,3-g]pyrrolo[1'',2'':4',5']pyrazino[1',2':1,5]pyrrolo[2,3-b]indole-8,13-dione which is substituted by two methyl groups at position 3, a hydroxy group at the 6b position, and a 2-methylbut-3-en-2-yl group at the 14a position (the 6bR, 7aS, 12aS, 14aS stereoisomer). It has a role as a mycotoxin. It is a dipeptide, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a notoamide and an aminal. 
it appears as odorless fluffy yellow solid or yellow powder. Bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt form of oxytetracycline, a tetracycline derivative produced by Streptomyces rimosus exhibiting antimicrobial activity. it interferes with binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, thereby preventing peptide elongation and inhibiting protein synthesis. It is often used to treat skin conditions. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydroxycoumarins. These are coumarins that contain one or more hydroxyl groups attached to the coumarin skeleton. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
Developed by the German pharmaceutical company, Merckle GmbH, together with EuroAlliance partners Alfa Wassermann and Lacer, it (ML3000) is a dual COX/LOX inhibitor and the first member of this new class of analgesic and anti-inflammatory drugs. It is currently under evaluation as a treatment for osteoarthritis (OA), the most common form of arthritis. Although phase III trials have been successfully completed in OA patients no dates for regulatory submission have yet been given. 
it is a tetrahydrofuryl ester, a sulfonamide and a carbamate ester. It has a role as a HIV protease inhibitor and an antiviral drug. it is a synthetic derivative of hydroxyethylamine sulfonamide that selectively binds to and inhibits human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease. 
it is an omega-aminoaldehyde that is pentanal which is substituted at position 5 by an amino group. It is an intermediate in the biosynthesis of L-lysine derived alkaloids. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 5-ammoniopentanal. 
it is a phenyl acetate obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of syringaldehyde with acetic acid. It is a dimethoxybenzene, a member of benzaldehydes and a member of phenyl acetates. It derives from a syringaldehyde. 
it is a nitrile that is acetonitrile in which the methyl hydrogens have been replaced by o-trifluoromethylbenzoyl, p-tert-butylphenyl, and (2-methoxyethoxy)carbonyl groups. It is a nitrile, a beta-ketoester, a member of (trifluoromethyl)benzenes and a 2-methoxyethyl ester. 
it is a colorless liquid with a musky ammonia odor. Less dense than water. (USCG, 1999) it is a tertiary amine consisting of cyclohexane having a dimethylamino substituent. 
it is a guaiacyl lignin obtained by cyclodimerisation of coniferol. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a primary alcohol, a guaiacyl lignin and a member of guaiacols. It derives from a coniferol. 
it belongs to the class of potent and selective inhibitors of the sodium-dependent glucose cotransporters (SGLT), more specifically the type 2 which is responsible for about 90% of the glucose reabsorption from glomerulus. This drug was developed under the collaboration of Merck and Pfizer. It was FDA approved as monotherapy and in combination with sitagliptin or metformin hydrochloride on December 22, 2017. 
it is a bile acid taurine conjugate derived from ursoodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, a neuroprotective agent, an apoptosis inhibitor, a cardioprotective agent and a bone density conservation agent. It derives from an ursodeoxycholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a tauroursodeoxycholate. 
it is one of three isomeric monoterpenes differing in the positions of their two double bonds (beta- and gamma-terpinene being the others). In it the double bonds are at the 1- and 3-positions of the p-menthane skeleton. It has a role as a volatile oil component and a plant metabolite. It is a monoterpene and a cyclohexadiene. 
it is a labdane diterpenoid in which the labdane skeleton has double bonds at positions 8(17) and 14 and carries an R-hydroxy group at position 13. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a plant metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a labdane diterpenoid and a tertiary alcohol. 
Dihydrocodeine Bitartrate is a synthetic opioid analgesic. Dihydrocodeine bitartrate mimics the actions of the endogenous opioid peptides due to its agonistic effects on the opioid receptors. Stimulation of the mu receptors produces the typical narcotic effects of analgesia, miosis, euphoria, respiratory depression, sedation, physical dependence and bradycardia. Dihydrocodeine bitartrate is twice as potent as codeine and has one third of the potency of morphine. This analgesic is used for the relief of moderate to moderately severe pain. 
it is the hyclate salt form of doxycycline, a synthetic, broad-spectrum tetracycline antibiotic exhibiting antimicrobial activity. it binds reversibly to the 30S ribosomal subunit, possibly to the 50S ribosomal subunit as well, thereby blocking the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex. This leads to an inhibition of protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. 
it is an oxoaporphine alkaloid isolated from Hernandia ovigera and Lindera chunii and has been shown exhibit inhibitory activity against HIV-1 integrase. It has a role as a metabolite and a HIV-1 integrase inhibitor. It is an organic heterohexacyclic compound, an oxacycle, a cyclic ketone and an oxoaporphine alkaloid. 
it is a corticosteroid hormone and a butyrate ester. it is the probutate salt form of hydrocortisone, a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with antiinflammatory, antipruritic and vasoconstrictive effects. Binding and activation of the glucocorticoid receptor results in the activation of lipocortin that in turn inhibits cytosolic phospholipase A2. Lack of phospholipase A2 prevents the release of arachidonic acid, precursor for inflammatory mediator prostaglandins and leukotrienes, from the cell membrane. Secondly, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase 1 is induced, thereby leads to dephosphorylation and inactivation of Jun N-terminal kinase directly inhibiting c-Jun mediated transcription. Finally, transcriptional activity of nuclear factor (NF)-kappa-B is blocked, thereby inhibits the transcription of cyclooxygenase 2, which is essential for prostaglandin production. 
it is a natural polyketide isolated from the myxobacteria Sorangium cellulosum with antifungal activity. it interferes with the osmoregulatory system by activating fungal high osmolarity glycerol (HOG) pathway. This results in an accumulation of intracellular glycerol, which in turn causes water influx and swelling of the cell. This ultimately leads to cellular leakage and cell death. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01137110 (Comparison of Short Duration Levit to Extended Course for Seizure Prophylaxis After Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (SAH)). 
Menadione sodium sulfonate is an organic sodium salt that is the monosodium salt of menadione sulfonate. A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted into active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo. It contains a menadione sulfonate. It derives from a menadione. 
it is an organic sodium salt having 3alpha,7alpha-dihydroxy-5beta-cholane-24-sulfonate as the counterion. It is an organic sodium salt and an organosulfonate salt. It contains a 3alpha,7alpha-dihydroxy-5beta-cholane-24-sulfonate. 
it is an androstanoid that is the acetate derivative of testosterone. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a sterol ester, an androstanoid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It derives from a testosterone. 
it is a methylxanthine derivative with hemorrheologic and immunomodulating properties. it inhibits phosphodiesterase, resulting in increased levels of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) in erythrocytes, endothelium, and the surrounding tissues. This leads to vasodilation, improves erythrocyte flexibility, and enhances blood flow. In addition, the increased level of cAMP in platelets inhibits platelet aggregation, which may contribute to a reduction in blood viscosity. This agent also inhibits production of tumor necrosis factor-alpha and interferon-gamma, while it induces Th2-like (T-helper 2) cytokine production, thereby inhibiting Th1-mediated (T-helper 1) inflammatory and autoimmune responses. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid that is o-orsellinic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a fungal metabolite, an antibacterial agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid and a member of resorcinols. It derives from an o-orsellinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-methylorsellinate. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxanes. Oxanes are compounds containing an oxane (tetrahydropyran) ring, which is a six-member saturated aliphatic heterocycle with one oxygen atom and five carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as tea, herbs and spices, german camomile, and roman camomile. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A synthetic progestin that is derived from 17-hydroxyprogesterone. It is a long-acting contraceptive that is effective both orally or by intramuscular injection and has also been used to treat breast and endometrial neoplasms. 
it is a substituted spermine that is spermine in which a hydrogen attached to each of the primary amino groups has been replaced by an ethyl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a substituted spermine, a tetramine, a polyazaalkane and a secondary amino compound. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colorectal Cancer and Multiple Myeloma and Plasma Cell Neoplasm. it is an antimetabolite and a chlorine derivative of the intracellular secondary messenger, cyclic adenosine 3,5-monophosphate (cAMP), with potential antineoplastic activity. it appears to be converted to 8-chloro-adenosine by phosphodiesterases and subsequently phosphorylated to 8-chloro-ATP, which functions as a purine analogue and competes with ATP in transcription. In addition, generation of 8-chloro-ATP depletes endogenous ATP pool that is essential for many biological reactions in intracellular energy transfer. As a result, this agent causes RNA synthesis inhibition, blocks cellular proliferation, and induces apoptosis. 
3-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid, also known as dppa acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. 3-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a carboxylic ester-lactam secreted by Mycobacterium tuberculosis which is lipid-soluble and acts as an antigen. It has a role as an antigen. It is a member of 1,3-oxazoles, a carboxylic ester, a lactam and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a member of the class of benzamides obtained from formal condensation between the carboxy group of 2-methoxy-5-sulfamoylbenzoic acid and the primary amino group of (1-ethylpyrrolidin-2-yl)methylamine. It has a role as an antidepressant, an antiemetic, an antipsychotic agent and a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a N-alkylpyrrolidine, a sulfonamide and a member of benzamides. 
A quinolizidine alkaloid isolated from several FABACEAE including LUPINUS; SPARTIUM; and CYTISUS. It has been used as an oxytocic and an anti-arrhythmia agent. It has also been of interest as an indicator of CYP2D6 genotype. 
Carene is a colorless liquid with a sweet, turpentine-like odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a monoterpene. It derives from a hydride of a carane. 
Trimethylphenylammonium hydroxide is a quaternary ammonium salt that is the hydroxide of trimethylphenylammonium. It is a derivatisation agent used in gas chromatography/mass spectrometry applications. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It contains a hydroxide and a trimethylphenylammonium. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-glutamic acid and L-lysine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-lysine. 
it is the monocarboxylic acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the aryl amino group of 3-methyl-N-phenyl-1-(2-phenylethyl)piperidin-4-amine with propanoic acid. It has a role as an opioid analgesic, a mu-opioid receptor agonist and a sedative. It is a member of piperidines and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is prop-2-en-1-ol acid which is substituted at position 2 by a 4,7-dimethyl-1,2,3,4,4a,5,6,8a-octahydronaphthalen-1-yl group (the 1S,4R,4aS,8aR diastereoisomer). It is a sesquiterpenoid precursor of artemisinin, obtained from sweet wormwood, Artemisia annua. It is a carbobicyclic compound, a sesquiterpenoid, a primary allylic alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
Potassium phosphide is a white crystalline or powdered solid. When exposed to water it may react violently and start a fire. It is toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. It is used to make other chemicals. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of bromous acid. It is a bromine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a bromous acid. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Bladder Cancer and Bladder Neoplasms. it is an indolequinone bioreductive prodrug and analog of mitomycin C with potential antineoplastic and radiosensitization activities. it is converted to active metabolites in hypoxic cells by intracellular reductases, which are present in greater amounts in hypoxic tumor cells. The active metabolites alkylate DNA, resulting in apoptotic cell death. This agent displays selectivity activity towards both hypoxic solid tumors, which exhibits higher expression of cytochrome P450 reductase, and well-oxygenated malignant cells that overexpress the bioreductive enzyme NQO1 (NAD(P)H: quinone oxidoreductase). it may selectively sensitize hypoxic tumor cells to radiocytotoxicity. 
it is cortisol esterified with butyric acid at the 17-hydroxy group. It has a role as a dermatologic drug and a drug allergen. It is a cortisol ester, a butyrate ester and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. it is the butyrate salt form of hydrocortisone, a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with antiinflammatory, antipruritic and vasoconstrictive effects. Binding and activation of the glucocorticoid receptor results in the activation of lipocortin that in turn inhibits cytosolic phospholipase A2. Lack of phospholipase A2 prevents the release of arachidonic acid, precursor for inflammatory mediator prostaglandins and leukotrienes, from the cell membrane. Secondly, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase 1 is induced, thereby leading to dephosphorylation and inactivation of Jun N-terminal kinase directly inhibiting c-Jun mediated transcription. Finally, transcriptional activity of nuclear factor (NF)-kappa-B is blocked, thereby inhibits the transcription of cyclooxygenase 2, which is essential for prostaglandin production. 
it is an orally bioavailable, selective inhibitor of the serine/threonine monopolar spindle 1 (Mps1) kinase, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits the activity of Mps1. This causes inactivation of the spindle assembly checkpoint (SAC), accelerated mitosis, chromosomal misalignment, chromosomal missegregation, mitotic checkpoint complex destabilization, and increased aneuploidy. This leads to the induction of cell death in cancer cells overexpressing Mps1. Mps1, a kinase expressed in proliferating normal tissues and aberrantly overexpressed in a wide range of human tumors, is activated during mitosis and is essential for SAC functioning and controls chromosome alignment. 
it is the sodium salt of liothyronine. Thought to be more active than levothyroxine and with a rapid (few hours) onset and short duration of action, it is used in the treatment of hypothyroidism, particularly in cases of hypothyroid coma. It contains a 3,3',5-triiodo-L-thyroninate. Liothyronine Sodium is the sodium salt form of liothyronine, a synthetic form of the levorotatory isomer of the naturally occurring thyroid hormone triiodothyronine (T3). it binds to nuclear thyroid receptors which then bind to thyroid hormone response elements of target genes. As a result, it induces gene expression that is required for normal growth and development. it is more potent and has a more rapid action than thyroxine (T4). 
Derivatives of chondroitin which have a sulfate moiety esterified to the galactosamine moiety of chondroitin. Chondroitin sulfate A, or chondroitin 4-sulfate, and chondroitin sulfate C, or chondroitin 6-sulfate, have the sulfate esterified in the 4- and 6-positions, respectively. Chondroitin sulfate B (beta heparin; DERMATAN SULFATE) is a misnomer and this compound is not a true chondroitin sulfate. 
it is a naphtho-gamma-pyrone that is 2,3-dihydro-4H-benzo[g]chromen-4-one bearing a methyl substituent at position 2, a methoxy substituent at position 6 and three hydroxy substituents at positions 2, 5 and 8. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite and a marine metabolite. It is a naphtho-gamma-pyrone, a cyclic hemiketal, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a heptaketide. 
Chromium Piccolinate is a salt of the trace metallic element chromium (Cr), essential in glucose metabolism. Found in vitamins and mineral supplements, Chromium may be necessary for utilization of dietary sugars and carbohydrates by optimizing the effects of insulin. Animal studies suggest that it may be carcinogenic, it enters cells directly and can causes mutations. (NCI04) 
it is a tripeptide composed of L-leucine, L-leucine and L-tyrosine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It derives from a L-tyrosine and a L-leucine. 
it is the magnesium salt of formic acid, which exists in the solid state as a dihydrate. It is a magnesium salt and a hydrate. It derives from a formic acid. 
it, also known as 3-iodopropanoate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acids. Carboxylic acids are compounds containing a carboxylic acid group with the formula -C(=O)OH. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3-iodopropanoic acid is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Etorphine is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
(1R,2R,5S)-it is a (4Z)-7-{5-[([1,1'-biphenyl]-4-yl)methoxy]-2-(morpholin-4-yl)-3-oxocyclopentyl}hept-4-enoic acid in which the stereocentres at positions 1, 2 and 5 have R-, R- and S-configuration respectively. It is a conjugate acid of a (1R,2R,5S)-it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (1S,2S,5R)-it. 
it is an oxonium betaine that is the conjugate base of cyanin, arising from regioselective deprotonation of the 7-hydroxy group. Major structure at pH 7.3 It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is a conjugate base of a cyanin. 
Oxane is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent that is cyclohexane in which one of the carbon atoms has been replaced by an oxygen atom. It is a saturated organic heteromonocyclic parent and a member of oxanes. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01345357 (Study of it in Combination With Gemcitabine and Cisplatin in Patients With Advanced Solid Tumors or Mantle Cell Lymphoma). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has an apple, apricot, and fruity taste. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as colorless liquid that is odorless or has a mild sweet odor. May float or sink in water. (USCG, 1999) Poly(propylene glycol) macromolecule is a macromolecule composed of repeating propyleneoxy units. It is a hydroxypolyether and a poly(ether) macromolecule. 
Quinupristin and dalfopristin are intravenously administered, streptogramin antibiotics used in fixed combination to treat severe bacterial infections due to susceptible organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). The fixed combination of quinupristin and dalfopristin is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy but has not been convincingly linked to instances of clinically apparent liver injury. Quinupristin is a semi-synthetic derivative of pristinamycin, a natural occurring type B streptogramin. Quinupristin binds to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide chain elongation, and causing early termination of normal bacterial protein synthesis. Quinupristin is primarily effective against gram-positive cocci. 
it is a white crystalline solid. It is soluble in water. The primary hazard is the threat to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used to manufacture fabrics and in medicine. 
1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 8-Hexathionane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic disulfides. These are organosulfur compounds with the general formula RSSR' (R, R' = alkyl, aryl). 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 8-Hexathionane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 8-hexathionane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 8-hexathionane can be found in pulses. This makes 1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 8-hexathionane a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a phenylalkylamine that is benzene in which one of the hydrogens is substituted by a 4-aminobutyl group. It is a phenylalkylamine, a primary amino compound and a member of benzenes. 
it is an N-acyl-D-phenylalanine resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of D-phenylalanine with the carboxy group of trans-4-isopropylcyclohexanecarboxylic acid. An orally-administered, rapidly-absorbed, short-acting insulinotropic agent, it is used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It has a role as an EC 3.4.14.5 (dipeptidyl-peptidase IV) inhibitor and a hypoglycemic agent. it is a phenylalanine derivative of the meglitinide class of agents with hypoglycemic activity. it, compared to repaglitinide, binds with a higher affinity to the SUR1 subunit and with a faster onset of action and a shorter duration of action. This agent is metabolized by the cytochrome P450 isoenzyme CYP2C9, and, to a lesser extent, by CYP3A4. The parent drug and metabolites are mainly excreted in the urine and its half-life is about 1.5 hours. 
it is a fluorocarbon that is butane in which all of the hydrogens have been replaced by fluorines. Microbubbles of preflubutane are used in the ultrasound contrast agent BR14. It has a role as an ultrasound contrast agent. It is a gas molecular entity, a fluorocarbon and a fluoroalkane. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow crystalline solid with an almond-like odor. Insoluble in water. Combustible but may be difficult to ignite. Toxic by skin absorption or inhalation (dust, etc.). May spontaneously decompose and explode under prolonged exposure to fire or heat. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. 
it is the phosphate salt form of sitagliptin, an orally available, competitive, beta-amino acid-derived inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DDP-4) with hypoglycemic activity. Sitagliptin may cause an increased risk in the development of pancreatitis. 
Menogaril is a semisynthetic derivative of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic nogalamycin. Menogaril intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin. (NCI04) 
it is a sulfonamide consisting of 5-bromo-4,6-dimethylpyrimidine with a 4-aminobenzenesulfonamido group at the 2-position. A long-acting derivative of sulfamezathine, it is used in the poultry, swine and cattle industries for the treatment of coccidiosis and various bacterial infections. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It derives from a sulfamethazine. it is a long-acting derivative of sulfamezathine that is used in the poultry, swine and cattle industries for the treatment of coccidiosis and various bacterial infections. 
it is a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is butyric acid which is substituted by a methyl group and a hydroxy group at positions 2 and 3, respectively. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-methyl-3-hydroxybutyrate. 
Bis (trichloromethyl) sulfone appears as an off-white powdered solid with an aromatic odor. Contact may irritate skin, eyes or mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
Icr 191 appears as yellow crystalline or chunky solid. (NTP, 1992) Acridine half-mustard dihydrochloride is a hydrochloride salt resulting from the reaction of acridine half-mustard with 2 mol eq. of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a mutagen. It contains an acridine half-mustard(2+). 
it, also known as V-V dipeptide or val-val, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is a carotenol, the structure of which is (6'R)-beta,epsilon-carotene hydroxy-substituted at C-3 with R-stereochemistry. It derives from a hydride of a (6'R)-beta,epsilon-carotene. 
9-(beta-D-glucosyl)-cis-zeatin is an N-glycosylzeatin that is cis-zeatin having a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue attached at position N-9. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a N-glycosylzeatin and a glucosyl-N(6)-isopentenyladenine. 
it is an N-glycosylpyrrolopyrimidine that is tubercidin in which the hydrogen at position 5 of the pyrrolopyrimidine moiety has been replaced by a cyano group. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a bacterial metabolite and an apoptosis inducer. It is a N-glycosylpyrrolopyrimidine, a nitrile, a ribonucleoside and an antibiotic antifungal agent. 
it, also known as 3-ethyl-2, 4, 5-trithiaoctane or DL-2, 3-dimethoxy-2, 3-diphenylsuccinonitrile, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in onion-family vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Lopinavir is an antiretroviral protease inhibitor used in combination with ritonavir in the therapy and prevention of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection and the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Lopinavir can cause transient and usually asymptomatic elevations in serum aminotransferase levels and, rarely, clinically apparent, acute liver injury. In HBV or HCV coinfected patients, highly active antiretroviral therapy with lopinavir may result of an exacerbation of the underlying chronic hepatitis B or C. 
it appears as a colorless odorless noncombustible gas. Heavier than air and can asphyxiate by displacement of air. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire can cause it to rupture violently and rocket . If liquefied, contact of the very cold liquid with water may cause violent boiling. If the water is hot, there is the possibility that a liquid \ it(0) is a monoatomic argon. It has a role as a member of food packaging gas and a neuroprotective agent. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01002963 (A Study To Investigate The Safety And Toleration Of A Single Dose Of it In Healthy Volunteers). 
it is an anthracycline antibiotic that is produced by Streptomyces galilaeus and also exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is an aminoglycoside, an anthracycline, a member of phenols, a polyketide, a disaccharide derivative, a member of tetracenequinones and a methyl ester. It derives from an aklavinone. It is a tautomer of an it zwitterion. 
it is a it in which the 1,2-dihydroxypropyl group has (1R,2S)-configuration; naturally occurring form. It is an enantiomer of a D-erythro-it. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of chlordiazepoxide, a long-acting benzodiazepine with anxiolytic, sedative and hypnotic activity. it exerts its effect by binding to the benzodiazepine site at the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) receptor-chloride ionophore complex in the central nervous system (CNS). This leads to an increase in the opening of chloride channels, membrane hyperpolarization, and increases the inhibitory effect of GABA on the CNS. 
it is an O-octadecadienoyl-L-carnitine where the acyl group specified is linoleyl. It has a role as a human metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It derives from a linoleic acid. 
it is an alloisoleucine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-alloisoleucine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Cocaine is a benzoid acid ester that that was originally used as a local anesthetic, but is no longer used because of its potent addictive qualities. When given in high doses systemically, cocaine has mood elevating effects that have led to its widescale abuse. High doses of cocaine can be associated with toxic reactions including hyperthermia, rhabdomyolysis, shock and acute liver injury which can be severe and even fatal. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrrolines. Pyrrolines are compounds containing a pyrroline ring, which is a five-member unsaturated aliphatic ring with one nitrogen atom and four carbon atoms it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in common pea and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Usnic acid is a member of the class of dibenzofurans that is dibenzo[b,d]furan-1(9bH)-one substituted by acetyl groups at positions 2 and 6, hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 7 and methyl groups at positions 8 and 9b. It has a role as an antifungal agent, a lichen metabolite and an acaricide. It is a member of dibenzofurans, a methyl ketone and a polyphenol. 
Fd&c blue no. 1, aluminum lake, also known as acid blue 9-aluminum lake or it FCF, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylbenzamines. These are aromatic compounds consisting of a benzyl group that is N-linked to a benzamine. Fd&c blue no. 1, aluminum lake is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, fd&c blue no. 1, aluminum lake is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a cationic sphingoid that is the conjugate acid of 3-dehydrosphinganine; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-dehydrosphinganine. 
it is a phorbol ester consisting of phorbol that is acylated at positions 12 and 13 by 2-(methylamino)benzoyl and acetyl groups respectively. It has a role as a metabolite and a fluorescent probe. It is a phorbol ester and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is the S-(trans-4-carboxybut-2-enoyl) derivative of coenzyme A. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A and an (E)-glutaconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-). 
it is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol that is nonadecan-1-ol substituted by a methyl group at position 18. It derives from a hydride of a nonadecane. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of tirofiban, a non-peptide tyrosine derivative with anticoagulant property. Tirofiban antagonizes fibrinogen binding to the platelet cell surface receptor, glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIA complex, one of the two purinergic receptors activated by ADP. The antagonism prevents adenylyl cyclase activation, which mediated via GP IIb/IIIa receptor complex, and results in decreased levels of cAMP and thereby interferes with platelet membrane function and subsequent platelet-platelet interaction, release of platelet granule constituents and prolongation of bleeding time. 
it is a 2-[(dimethylamino)methyl]-1-(3-methoxyphenyl)cyclohexanol in which both stereocentres have S-configuration; the (S,S)-enantiomer of the racemic opioid analgesic tramadol, it exhibits ten-fold lower analgesic potency than the (R,R)-enantiomer. It has a role as a delta-opioid receptor agonist, a kappa-opioid receptor agonist, a mu-opioid receptor agonist, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, an antitussive, a capsaicin receptor antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist, a nicotinic antagonist, a NMDA receptor antagonist, an opioid analgesic, a serotonergic antagonist and a serotonin uptake inhibitor. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R,R)-tramadol. 
it, also known as O-butyrotoluidide, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylquinolines. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a quinoline moiety substituted with a phenyl group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in pomes. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
An iodinated polyvinyl polymer used as topical antiseptic in surgery and for skin and mucous membrane infections, also as aerosol. The iodine may be radiolabeled for research purposes. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as p-hydroxybenzoic acid alkyl esters. These are aromatic compounds containing a benzoic acid, which is esterified with an alkyl group and para-substituted with a hydroxyl group it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (4-hydroxybenzoyl)choline is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (4-hydroxybenzoyl)choline can be found in herbs and spices. This makes (4-hydroxybenzoyl)choline a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a white microcrystalline powder with a slight odor. pH (1% aqueous solution) 4.8-6. (NTP, 1992) it is the hydrochloride salt of methdilazine. It contains a methdilazine. 
it, also known as 6-gingesulfonate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in ginger and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dicarboxit that is 3,4,5,6-tetrahydrophthalit in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen is replaced by a p-bromophenyl group. It is a secondary amide, an organonitrogen heterocyclic compound, a member of maleits, a member of bromobenzenes and an organic heterobicyclic compound. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is 9,10-dihydroxy-1H-benzo[g]isochromen-1-one substituted at positions 3 and 7 by methyl and methoxy groups respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound, a lactone, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a polyketide and a naphtho-alpha-pyrone. It derives from a nor-it. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having 3-dehydro-6-deoxy-alpha-D-glucose as the sugar component. It is a dTDP-sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a dTDP-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a one-carbon compound whose unique structure renders it capable of acting as a derivative of hydrazine, guanidine or formamide. It has a role as an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a member of guanidines and a one-carbon compound. 
it is a beta-D-glucoside having 3-nitropropyl as the anomeric alkyl group. It has a role as a phytotoxin. It is a C-nitro compound and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a beta-D-glucose. 
LSM-6713 is a steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. Epitiostanol is an androgenic anabolic steroid having potent anti-estrogenic effect, which inhibits the progression of estrogen-stimulated cancers such as breast cancer. (NCI) 
Clindamycin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of clindamycin, a semi-synthetic, chlorinated broad spectrum antibiotic produced by chemical modification of lincomycin. Clindamycin hydrochloride is used as a solid in capsules. 
it is a synthetic phenylmethyl-piperazinyl derivative, antihistaminic Cetirizine is a metabolite of hydroxyzine and a selective peripheral histamine H1-receptor antagonist. It is used for symptomatic treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and for chronic urticaria. (NCI04) 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides. Fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides are compounds composed of a mono- or disaccharide moiety linked to one hydroxyl group of a fatty alcohol or of a phosphorylated alcohol (phosphoprenols), a hydroxy fatty acid or to one carboxyl group of a fatty acid (ester linkage) or to an amino alcohol. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, glucosylgalactosyl hydroxylysine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a chlorocatechol that is catechol substituted by a chloro group at position 4. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of monochlorobenzenes and a chlorocatechol. 
it is a short-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of hexanoic acid (also known as caproic acid). It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a short-chain fatty acid anion, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a fatty acid anion 6:0. It is a conjugate base of a hexanoic acid. 
it is a green or brown powder. It is insoluble in water. It is toxic by ingestion and inhalation and is a strong irritant. It is used in the manufacture of insecticides. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Solid Tumor, Advanced cancer, ColoRectal Cancer, and Metastatic Cancer, among others. it is an orally available, small molecule inhibitor of the proto-oncogene c-Met (also known as hepatocyte growth factor receptor (HGFR)) with potential antineoplastic activity. it selectively binds to c-Met, thereby inhibiting c-Met phosphorylation and disrupting c-Met signal transduction pathways. This may induce cell death in tumor cells overexpressing c-Met protein or expressing constitutively activated c-Met protein. This agent has potent anti-tumor efficacy in mono and combination therapy in a broad range of cancers. c-Met, a receptor tyrosine kinase overexpressed or mutated in many tumor cell types, plays key roles in tumor cell proliferation, survival, invasion, metastasis, and tumor angiogenesis. 
it is a benzimidazolecarboxylic acid that is 1H-benzimidazole-7-carboxylic acid substituted by an ethoxy group at position 2 and a ({2'-(1H-tetrazol-5-yl)[1,1'-biphenyl]-4-yl}methyl) group at position 1. It is a angiotensin receptor antagonist used for the treatment of hypertension. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an angiotensin receptor antagonist, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a benzimidazolecarboxylic acid and a biphenylyltetrazole. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). it is a synthetic, benzimidazole-derived angiotensin II receptor antagonist prodrug with antihypertensive activity. it selectively competes with angiotensin II for the binding of the angiotensin II receptor subtype 1 (AT1) in vascular smooth muscle, blocking angiotensin II-mediated vasoconstriction and inducing vasodilatation. In addition, antagonism of AT1 in the adrenal gland inhibits angiotensin II-stimulated aldosterone synthesis and secretion by the adrenal cortex; sodium and water excretion increase, followed by a reduction in plasma volume and blood pressure. 
Isopropylaminoethanol appears as an amber to straw colored liquid. Slightly less dense than water. May emit toxic oxides of nitrogen at high temperatures. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is tetraanion of D-ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate arising from deprotonation of all four phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a D-ribulose 1,5-bisphosphate. 
3-deoxy-keto-D-fructose is a deoxyketohexose that is keto-D-fructose that is lacking the hydroxy group at position 3. A metabolite of 3-deoxyglucosone, a dicarbonyl sugar synthesised through the Maillard reaction. It is a hexanone, an alpha-hydroxy ketone, a deoxyketohexose and a beta-hydroxy ketone. 
Methyldopa is a phenylalanine derivative and an aromatic amino acid decarboxylase inhibitor with antihypertensive activity. Methyldopa is a prodrug and is metabolized in the central nervous system. The antihypertensive action of methyldopa seems to be attributable to its conversion into alpha-methylnorepinephrine, which is a potent alpha-2 adrenergic agonist that binds to and stimulates potent central inhibitory alpha-2 adrenergic receptors. This results in a decrease in sympathetic outflow and decreased blood pressure. 
2-Methyl-3 or 5 or 6-(furfurylthio)pyrazine (mixture OF isomers), also known as ((2-furanylmethyl)thio)methyl-pyrazine or (3, 5 or 6)-furfurylthio-2-methylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl thioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by an aryl group. 2-Methyl-3 or 5 or 6-(furfurylthio)pyrazine (mixture OF isomers) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2-methyl-3 or 5 or 6-(furfurylthio)pyrazine (mixture OF isomers) is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
5-amino-1-(5-phospho-D-ribosyl)imidazole-4-carboxylic acid is a 1-(phosphoribosyl)imidazole, an imidazole-4-carboxylic acid and an aminoimidazole. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 5-amino-1-(5-phosphonato-D-ribosyl)imidazole-4-carboxylate and a 5-amino-1-(5-phosphonato-D-ribosyl)imidazolium-4-carboxylate(2-). 
it is an aromatic ether that is phenol which is substituted at C-5 by a chloro group and at C-2 by a 2,4-dichlorophenoxy group. It is widely used as a preservative and antimicrobial agent in personal care products such as soaps, skin creams, toothpaste and deodorants as well as in household items such as plastic chopping boards, sports equipment and shoes. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, a fungicide, an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor, an antimalarial, an EC 1.3.1.9 [enoyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] reductase (NADH)] inhibitor, a xenobiotic, a persistent organic pollutant and a drug allergen. It is a member of phenols, an aromatic ether, a dichlorobenzene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. it is a polychloro phenoxy phenol with antibacterial and antifungal activity. it is added to toothpastes to prevent gingivitis and has been added to many household products for its topical antibiotic activity. 
Erythro-6, 8-nonacosanediol, also known as nonacosane-68-diol or 6, 8-dihydroxynonacosane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, erythro-6, 8-nonacosanediol is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. Erythro-6, 8-nonacosanediol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Erythro-6, 8-nonacosanediol has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, erythro-6, 8-nonacosanediol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, erythro-6, 8-nonacosanediol can be found in fats and oils and herbs and spices. This makes erythro-6, 8-nonacosanediol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a derivative of clindamycin with a 6-membered ring replacing clindamycin's 5-membered ring. Compared to clindimycin, it has increased activity against gram-positive bacteria, including Staphylococcus aureus and coagulase negative species of Staphylococcus and Streptococcus. This agent is primarily used in the treatment of mastitis in cattle. 
Rose bengal is an organic potassium salt that is the dipotassium salt of 2,3,4,5-tetrachloro-6-(2,4,5,7-tetraiodo-6-hydroxy-3-oxoxanthen-9-yl)benzoic acid. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It is a xanthene dye and an organic potassium salt. It contains a rose bengal(2-). It derives from a fluorescin. 
it is a member of the class of anthracenes that is anthracene in which both of the hydrogens on the central ring are substituted by phenyl groups. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a photosensitizing agent. 
it is the stable isotope of silicon with relative atomic mass 28.9764947, 4.683 atom percent natural abundancy, and nuclear spin (1)/2. 
Glaucarubol 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside belongs to the class of organic compounds known as quassinoids. These are a group of compounds chemically degraded from triterpenes. According to their basic skeleton, quassinoids are categorized into five distinct groups, C-18, C-19, C-20, C-22 and C-25 types. The C-20 quassinoids can be further classified into two types, tetracyclic and the pentacyclic. The tetracyclic variety does not have oxygenation at C-20, while the pentacyclic quassinoids possess additional oxygenation at C-20 that allows for the formation of an additional ring. Glaucarubol 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, glaucarubol 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, glaucarubol 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside can be found in fats and oils. This makes glaucarubol 15-O-beta-D-glucopyranoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
This is a chemical weapon precursor or chemical weapon impurity which is similar to 2-diethylaminoethanol. See the chemical datasheet for 2-diethylaminoethanol for more information. 
it (E. coli) is the glycolipid moiety of the lipopolysaccharide produced by E. coli. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a it, a dodecanoate ester and a tetradecanoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-) (E. coli). 
it is a it in which the double bond between positions 2 and 3 has E- (cis-) geometry. It is a it and a 2-hydroxy fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a cis-2-hydroxypenta-2,4-dienoic acid. 
it is an enoate ester that is the methyl ester of (2E)-3-methoxy-2-[2-({[6-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}methyl)phenyl]prop-2-enoic acid. A cereal fungicide used to control a wide range of diseases including brown rust, tan spot, powdery mildew and net blotch. It has a role as a mitochondrial cytochrome-bc1 complex inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aromatic ether, an enoate ester, an enol ether, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines and a methoxyacrylate strobilurin antifungal agent. 
Mixtures of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). They have been used in the treatment of hypertension but have largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. 
it is a 1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate resulting from the removal of the proton from the carboxy group of (S)-1-pyrroline-5-carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate base of a (S)-1-pyrroline-5-carboxylic acid. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-1-pyrroline-5-carboxylate. 
it is an antimycotic echinocandin lipopeptide, semisynthetically derived from a fermentation product of the fungus Glarea lozoyensis. it inhibits 1,3-beta-glucan synthase, resulting in decreased synthesis of beta(1,3)-D-glucan (an essential component of the fungal cell wall), weakening of the fungal cell wall, and fungal cell wall rupture. This agent is active against Aspergillus and Candida species. 
it is a diether that is butane substituted by a 1-ethoxyethoxy group at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it(1+) is a ite. It has a role as a water-soluble vitamin, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a ite(2+). it is a heat-labile and water-soluble essential vitamin, belonging to the vitamin B family, with antioxidant, erythropoietic, mood modulating, and glucose-regulating activities. it reacts with adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to form an active coenzyme, ite pyrophosphate. it pyrophosphate is necessary for the actions of pyruvate dehydrogenase and alpha-ketoglutarate in carbohydrate metabolism and for the actions of transketolase, an enzyme that plays an important role in the pentose phosphate pathway. it plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and may inhibit the action of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. it may also protect against lead toxicity by inhibiting lead-induced lipid peroxidation. 
it is a secondary alcohol that is propan-2-ol substituted by a 2-allylphenoxy group at position 1 and an isopropylamino group at position 3. It is a beta-adrenergic antagonist used as a antihypertensive, anti-arrhythmia and a sympatholytic agent. It has a role as an anti-arrhythmia drug, an antihypertensive agent, a beta-adrenergic antagonist and a sympatholytic agent. It is a secondary alcohol and a secondary amino compound. 
it is an N-alkylpiperazine that is butane which is substituted by a 3,5-dioxopiperazin-1-yl group at positions 2 and 3. The meso isomer. It has a role as an EC 5.99.1.3 [DNA topoisomerase (ATP-hydrolysing)] inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. 
it is the L-enantiomer of 4-methyleneglutamic acid. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a 4-methyleneglutamic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-methylene-L-glutamate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a 4-methylene-D-glutamic acid. 
it is an organosulfonate oxoanion resulting from the removal of a proton from the sulfonic acid group of triflic acid. It is a conjugate base of a triflic acid. 
it is a it that consists of 7-hydroxyflavanone attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It is a it and a monosaccharide derivative. 
it dizwitterion is a sulfonium betaine obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy groups and protonation of the amino group of it. Major microspecies at pH 7.3 It is a L-alpha-amino acid zwitterion and a sulfonium betaine. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a terminal acetylenic compound that is a 3-carbon, straight-chain, monounsaturated fatty acid having one acetylenic bond. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. It is an acetylenic fatty acid, a monounsaturated fatty acid, a short-chain fatty acid, a terminal acetylenic compound and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a propynoate. 
it is a pyridopyrimidine that is 9-methyl-2,4-dioxo-2H-pyrido[1,2-a]pyrimidine substituted at positions 1 and 3 by (2-chloro-1,3-thiazol-5-yl)methyl and 3,5-dichlorophenyl. A mesionic insecticide used for control of rice hoppers. It has a role as an agrochemical. It is an iminium betaine, an organochlorine insecticide, a dichlorobenzene, a member of 1,3-thiazoles and a pyridopyrimidine. 
it is a long-chain fatty aldehyde that is heptadecane carrying an oxo substituent at position 1. It is found in citrus. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a coral metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty aldehyde, a 2,3-saturated fatty aldehyde and a saturated fatty aldehyde. 
it, also known as beta-P-hydroxyphenylhydracrylic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylpropanoic acids. Phenylpropanoic acids are compounds with a structure containing a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a DEA Schedule I controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule I have no currently accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and a high potential for abuse. 
it is a polyketide and carboxamide produced by a (Pseudomonas) bacterial endosymbiont of certain rove beetles (genus Paederus). it is the agent responsible for the vesicant effects (linear or Paederus dermatitis) when the beetle is crushed against the skin. It is a powerful inhibitor of protein biosynthesis and mitosis and a potent antitumour agent. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite, a vesicant, an antineoplastic agent and an antimitotic. It is a polyketide, a cyclic ketal, a diol, a member of oxanes, a secondary alcohol and a secondary carboxamide. 
it is a white to off-white crystalline solid. (NTP, 1992) it is a quarternary ammonium bromide salt in which the cation has four propyl substituents around the central nitrogen. It has a role as a potassium channel blocker. It is a bromide salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a tetrapropylammonium. 
(R)-2-amino-4-oxopentanoic acid is a D-alanine derivative in which one of the methyl hydrogens of D-alanine has been replaced by an acetyl group. It is a 2-amino-4-oxopentanoic acid and a D-alanine derivative. It is a tautomer of a (R)-2-amino-4-oxopentanoic acid zwitterion. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Slightly soluble in water and less dense than water. Flash point 54Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make artificial flavorings and rubber. it is a saturated fatty aldehyde composed from five carbons in a straight chain. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it, also known as jinkoh-eremol or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eremophilane, 8, 9-secoeremophilane and furoeremophilane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based either on the eremophilane skeleton, its 8, 9-seco derivative, or the furoeremophilane skeleton. Eremophilanes have been shown to be derived from eudesmanes by migration of the methyl group at C-10 to C-5. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, valerianol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, valerianol can be found in fats and oils, herbs and spices, and tea. This makes valerianol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the meglumine salt form of iothalamate, an organic iodine compound and a radiographic contrast medium. it blocks x-rays as they pass through the body, thereby allowing body structures not containing iodine to be visualized. The degree of opacity produced by it is directly proportional to the total amount of the iodinated contrast agent in the path of the x-rays. The visualization of body structures is dependent upon the distribution and elimination of it. (NCI05) 
1-Methyl-1, 3-cyclohexadiene, also known as 2, 3-dihydrotoluene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched unsaturated hydrocarbons. These are hydrocarbons that contains one or more unsaturated carbon atoms, and an aliphatic branch. 1-Methyl-1, 3-cyclohexadiene has a fruity taste. 
it is the 3,4,9,10-tetracarboxylic diimide derivative of perylene. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is an organic heteropolycyclic compound and a dicarboximide. 
Cis-retinoic acid is a yellow-orange to orange crystalline powder; orange-brown chunky solid. (NTP, 1992) Retinoic acid is a retinoid consisting of 3,7-dimethylnona-2,4,6,8-tetraenoic acid substituted at position 9 by a 2,6,6-trimethylcyclohex-1-en-1-yl group (geometry of the four exocyclic double bonds is not specified). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a retinoid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a retinoate. 
A highly basic, 28 amino acid neuropeptide released from intestinal mucosa. It has a wide range of biological actions affecting the cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, and respiratory systems and is neuroprotective. It binds special receptors (RECEPTORS, it). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is perfluorinated butyric acid. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It derives from a butyric acid. 
it is a myo-inositol tetrakisphosphate having the four phosphate groups placed at the 3-, 4-, 5- and 6-positions. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(8-). 
An adrenergic neuron-blocking drug similar in effects to GUANETHIDINE. It is also noteworthy in being a substrate for a polymorphic cytochrome P-450 enzyme. Persons with certain isoforms of this enzyme are unable to properly metabolize this and many other clinically important drugs. They are commonly referred to as having a debrisoquin 4-hydroxylase polymorphism. 
it is a cyanogenic glycoside that is (4R)-4-hydroxycyclopent-2-ene-1-carbonitrile attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy at position 1. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a cyanogenic glycoside, a monosaccharide derivative and an aliphatic nitrile. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthoquinones. Naphthoquinones are compounds containing a naphthohydroquinone moiety, which consists of a benzene ring linearly fused to a bezene-1, 4-dione (quinone). it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a chloroform-like odor. Flash point 0Â°F. Boiling point 42.3Â°C. Density 0.864 g / cm3 at 68Â°F (20Â°C). Vapors heavier than air. it is an acetal that is the dimethyl acetal derivative of itdehyde. It is an acetal and a diether. It derives from a methanediol. 
Lactosamine, also known as lacn, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides. Fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides are compounds composed of a mono- or disaccharide moiety linked to one hydroxyl group of a fatty alcohol or of a phosphorylated alcohol (phosphoprenols), a hydroxy fatty acid or to one carboxyl group of a fatty acid (ester linkage) or to an amino alcohol. Lactosamine is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Lactosamine has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, lactosamine is primarily located in the cytoplasm, lysosome, endoplasmic reticulum and golgi. 
it is an N-acylglycine that is hippuric acid (N-benzoylglycine) substituted at position 3 on the phenyl ring by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a N-acylglycine and a member of phenols. It derives from a N-benzoylglycine. It is a conjugate acid of a m-hydroxyhippurate. 
it is a myo-inositol bisphosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a myo-inositol. It is a conjugate acid of a 1D-myo-inositol 1,3-biphosphate(4-). 
it is a quarternary ammonium chloride salt in which the cation has four ethyl substituents around the central nitrogen. It has a role as a potassium channel blocker. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and an organic chloride salt. It contains a tetraethylammonium. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of hypoiodous acid. It is an iodine oxide, an iodine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hypoiodous acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is the bis-chromone derivative of glycerol. It is effective as a mast cell stabilizer. It has a role as a calcium channel blocker and an anti-asthmatic drug. It is a dicarboxylic acid and a member of chromones. It is a conjugate acid of a cromoglycate(1-). it is a synthetic mast cell stabilizer with anti-inflammatory activity. it probably interferes with the antigen-mediated calcium ion influx into mast cells. This prevents mast cell degranulation, resulting in mast cell stabilization and inhibition of the release of inflammatory mediators, such as histamine and leukotrienes, which are involved in type I allergic reactions. it also prevents inflammatory mediator release from eosinophils. 
it is an oxo monocarboxylic acid that is (3-oxocyclopentyl)acetic acid substituted by a (2Z)-pent-2-en-1-yl group at position 2 of the cyclopentane ring. It has a role as a member of jasmonates. It is an oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of cyclopentanones. It is a conjugate acid of a it anion. It is an enantiomer of a jasmonic acid. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is undecane substituted by carboxylic acid groups at positions C-1 and C-11. It has a role as a metabolite. 
O-propanoylcarnitine is an O-acylcarnitine compound having propanoyl as the acyl substituent. It has a role as an analgesic, an antirheumatic drug, a cardiotonic drug, a peripheral nervous system drug and a human metabolite. It derives from a propionic acid. 
(Â±)-it, also known as hexahydrocarvacrol or p-menthan-2-ol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes (Â±)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a colorless liquid with an odor of gasoline. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Irritating vapor. Flash point -54Â°F. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone that is (2S)-flavanone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7, 2' and 4' , a methoxy group at position 5 and a (2S)-5-hydroxy-5-methyl-2-(prop-1-en-2-yl)hexyl group at position 8 respectively. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent, an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavanone, a monomethoxyflavanone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a (2S)-flavanone. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoate having the two hydroxy groups located at the 3- and 4-positions. It derives from a benzoate. It is a conjugate base of a 3,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is a fluorescin compound having a hexadecanoylamino substituent at the 5-position. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It is a xanthene dye and an amidobenzoic acid. It derives from a fluorescin. 
it is a derivative of L-alanine having a 2-sulfoethyl group attached to the alpha-nitrogen. It is a D-alanine derivative, a D-alpha-amino acid and an organosulfonic acid. It derives from a taurine. It is a conjugate acid of a tauropinate(1-). 
it is a synthetic 9-amino-anthracycline with antineoplastic activity. it intercalates into DNA and inhibits the activity of topoisomerase II, resulting in inhibition of DNA replication, and RNA and protein synthesis, followed by cell growth inhibition and cell death. This agent has demonstrated a higher level of anti-tumor activity than conventional anthracycline drugs without exhibiting any indication of the cumulative cardiac toxicity common to this class of compounds. 
it is a guanosine bisphosphate having a diphosphate at the 3'-position and a triphosphate at the 5'-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a guanosine bisphosphate and a guanosine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it hexaanion. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-oxazoles that is 1,3-oxazol-4(5H)-one which is substituted by an amino group at position 2 and by a phenyl group at position 5. A central nervous system stimulant, it was used to treat hyperactivity disorders in children, but withdrawn from use following reports of serious hepatotoxicity. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant. it is an oxazolidine compound with central nervous system (CNS) stimulant property. Although it has pharmacological activity similar to other CNS stimulants, the exact mechanism and site of action are unknown. This agent has minimal sympathomimetic properties, but animal studies indicate it may work through dopaminergic mechanisms. it has been withdrawn from the U.S. market because of the agent's association with life threatening hepatic failure. 
it is an iodine 131-radiolabeled small-molecule benzamide compound with potential antineoplastic activity. The benzamide moiety of 131-I-MIP-1145 binds to melanin, selectively delivering a cyotoxic dose of gamma and beta radiation to melanin-expressing tumor cells. Melanin pigments, polymer derivatives of the amino acid tyrosine, are over-expressed in approximately 40% of melanomas. 
Constituent of many naturally occurring waxes. A colorless solid at ambient conditions. it is an alkane consisting of an unbranched chain of 25 carbon atoms. It has a role as a semiochemical and a plant metabolite. 
it is an aminoacridine that is acridine that is substituted by amino groups at positions 3 and 6. A slow-acting bacteriostat that is effective against many Gram-positive bacteria (but ineffective against spores), its salts were formerly used for treatment of burns and infected wounds. It has a role as an antiseptic drug, a carcinogenic agent, an antibacterial agent, a chromophore and an intercalator. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it Hemisulfate is the hemisulfate salt form of it, an acridine-derived fluorescent contrast and disinfectant agent that can potentially be used for cellular imaging and antiseptic purposes. Upon topical application of it hemisulfate, it diffuses into cells and intercalates into DNA, thereby accumulating in and staining the nucleus. During fluorescence imaging, the cell nuclei can be visualized. This allows nuclear morphometry and the identification of cancer cells. In addition, it exerts its antibacterial effect by binding to bacterial DNA, thereby disrupting DNA synthesis and halting bacterial cell growth. 
DL-it, also known as 1, 2-propanediol dibenzoate or fema 3419, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. DL-it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, DL-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). DL-it has an algae, metallic, and salmon taste. 
N-(butan-2-yl)-6-chloro-N'-ethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine that is N-(butan-2-yl)-N'-ethyl-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine substituted by a chloro group at position 6. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine and a chloro-1,3,5-triazine. 
Versed is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
it is an organic sodium salt of antipyrine substituted at C-4 by a methyl(sulfonatomethyl)amino group, commonly used as a powerful analgesic and antipyretic. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antirheumatic drug, a peripheral nervous system drug, an antipyretic, a prodrug and a cyclooxygenase 3 inhibitor. It contains a metamizole(1-). 
it, also known as GPEtn(38:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phosphatidylethanolamines. These are glycerophosphoetahnolamines in which two fatty acids are bonded to the glycerol moiety through ester linkages. Thus, it is considered to be a glycerophosphoethanolamine lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and intracellular membrane. it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Cytidine monophosphate and it can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(18:0/20:0/0:0) through its interaction with the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. Furthermore, it can be biosynthesized from PS(18:0/20:0) through the action of the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Furthermore, it can be biosynthesized from PS(18:0/20:0) through its interaction with the enzyme phosphatidylserine decarboxylase. Finally, Cytidine monophosphate and it can be biosynthesized from CDP-ethanolamine and DG(18:0/20:0/0:0); which is catalyzed by the enzyme choline/ethanolaminephosphotransferase. In humans, it is involved in phosphatidylethanolamine biosynthesis it pathway and phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis PC(18:0/20:0) pathway. 
it is a five-membered cyclic dicarboximide compound having an iodo substituent on the nitrogen atom. It is a dicarboximide and a pyrrolidinone. It derives from a succinimide. 
Isoit belongs to the class of organic compounds known as naphthopyrans. Naphthopyrans are compounds containing a pyran ring fused to a naphthalene moiety. Furan is a 6 membered-ring non-aromatic ring with five carbon and one oxygen atoms. Naphthalene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon made up of two fused benzene rings. Isoit exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, isoit is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Isoit is a bitter tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes isoit a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a pyrazolone derivative that is 1,2-dihydropyrazol-3-one substituted with methyl groups at C-1 and C-5 and with a phenyl group at N-2. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a cyclooxygenase 3 inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. 
A nicotinic antagonist used primarily as a ganglionic blocker in animal research. It has been used as an antihypertensive agent but has been supplanted by more specific drugs in most clinical applications. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as linear pyranocoumarins. These are organic compounds containing a pyran (or a hydrogenated derivative) linearly fused to a coumarin moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in dill, herbs and spices, and parsley. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A form of it that absorbs light in the violet to red spectrum (approximately 400-700 nm wavelength range) and reflects green light (500-570 nm wavelength), which imparts the characteristic green color to land plants. It is essential for oxygenic PHOTOSYNTHESIS. 
it is a fluorocarbon that is pentane in which all of the hydrogens have been replaced by fluorines. It has a role as a radioopaque medium and an ultrasound contrast agent. It is a fluoroalkane and a fluorocarbon. It derives from a hydride of a pentane. 
One of the non-essential amino acids commonly occurring in the L-form. It is found in animals and plants, especially in sugar cane and sugar beets. It may be a neurotransmitter. 
Hx 1171 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01548391 (A Phase I Clinical Study Study of the Safety, Tolerability, and Pharmacokinetics of it in Healthy Male Subjects). 
it is a primary amine comprising an octane skeleton with amino substituents at carbon positions 1 and 8; and an aminomethyl substituent at position 5. 
it is a cembrane diterpenoid isolated from Lobophytum michaelae and has been shown to exhibit cytotoxic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a cembrane diterpenoid, a gamma-lactone, an epoxide, a macrocycle and an acetate ester. 
it is a glycosylgalactose composed of alpha-D-mannopyranose and alpha-D-galactopyranose units. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. 
it is a 1-alkylglycero-3-phosphocholine in which the alkyl group is specified as octadecyl. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. 
it is a multi-methyl-branched fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of pristanic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acyl-CoA, a multi-methyl-branched fatty acyl-CoA and an 11,12-saturated fatty acyl-CoA. It derives from a pristanic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is an anilide that is N-phenylacetamide substituted by an amino group at position 3 and a chloro group at position 4 respectively. It is an anilide, a member of acetamides, a substituted aniline and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a sesquiterpene that is trideca 1,3,7,11-tetraene bearing three methyl substituents at poitions 4, 8 and 12 (the 3E,7E-geoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite. 
Guanosine 5'-[beta,gamma-imido]triphosphate is a nucleoside triphosphate analogue that is GTP in which the oxygen atom bridging the beta- to the gamma- phosphate is replaced by a nitrogen atom A non-hydrolyzable analog of GTP, it binds tightly to G-protein in the presence of Mg(2+). It is a conjugate acid of a guanosine 5'-[beta,gamma-imido]triphosphate(4-). 
it is an inorganic chloride consisting of two chlorine atoms covalently bound to a central lead atom. It is a lead coordination entity and an inorganic chloride. 
it is a keto-D-gluconate that is the conjugate base of 2-dehydro-D-gluconic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and a keto-D-gluconate. It derives from a D-gluconate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-dehydro-D-gluconic acid. 
it is an organic sodium salt consisting of equimolar amounts of naproxen(1-) anions and sodium anions. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, an antipyretic and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It contains a naproxen(1-). Naproxen Sodium is the sodium salt form of naproxen, a member of the arylacetic acid group of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) with anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic properties. it reversibly and competitively inhibits cyclooxygenases (COX), thereby blocking the conversion of arachidonic acid to pro-inflammatory prostaglandins. This inhibits the formation of prostaglandins that are involved in pain, inflammation and fever. 
it appears as yellow to red solid or heated liquid with a slight odor. Solidifies in cool water. Solid and liquid sink in water . (USCG, 1999) it is a dinitrotoluene in which the methyl group is meta to one of the nitro groups and para to the other. A uellow crystalline compound that is virtually insoluble in water but dissolves in most organic solvents. It has a role as an explosive. 
it is one of three isomeric monoterpenes differing in the positions of their two double bonds (alpha- and beta-terpinene being the others). In it the double bonds are at the 1- and 4-positions of the p-menthane skeleton. It has a role as an antioxidant, a plant metabolite, a volatile oil component and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a monoterpene and a cyclohexadiene. 
it is a sulfonamide that consists of N,N-dimethyltryptamine bearing an additional (N-methylsulfamoyl)methyl substituent at position 5. Selective agonist for a vascular 5-HT1 receptor subtype (probably a member of the 5-HT1D family). Used (in the form of its succinate salt) for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist and a vasoconstrictor agent. It is a sulfonamide and a member of tryptamines. It derives from a N,N-dimethyltryptamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1+). it is a sulfonamide triptan with vasoconstrictor activity. it selectively binds to and activates serotonin 5-HT1D receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby constricting cerebral blood vessels. This may lead to a relief in pain from vascular headaches. it may also relieve vascular headaches by decreasing the release of vasoactive neuropeptides from perivascular trigeminal axons in the dura mater during a migraine, by reducing extravasation of plasma proteins, and by decreasing the release of other mediators of inflammation from the trigeminal nerve. 
it(3-) is a organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy and phosphate groups of ADP-5-ethyl-4-methylthiazole-2-carboxylic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It derives from an ADP(3-). It is a conjugate base of an ADP-5-ethyl-4-methylthiazole-2-carboxylic acid. 
it is a sulfate salt form of abacavir, a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor analog of guanosine. This agent decreases HIV viral loads, retards or prevents the damage to the immune system, and reduces the risk of developing AIDS. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 2-methylbutanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-2-methylbutanoate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-2-methylbutyric acid. 
it is a pyrrolecarboxylic acid that is 1H-pyrrole substituted by a carboxy group at position 3. It has been isolated from Penicillium chrysogenum. It has a role as a metabolite and a Penicillium metabolite. 
it is a pyranone that is 4H-pyran substituted by a hydroxy group at position 5, a hydroxymethyl group at position 2 and an oxo group at position 4. It has been isolated from the fungus Aspergillus oryzae. It has a role as a NF-kappaB inhibitor, an Aspergillus metabolite, a skin lightening agent, an EC 1.10.3.1 (catechol oxidase) inhibitor, an EC 1.10.3.2 (laccase) inhibitor, an EC 1.13.11.24 (quercetin 2,3-dioxygenase) inhibitor, an EC 1.14.18.1 (tyrosinase) inhibitor and an EC 1.4.3.3 (D-amino-acid oxidase) inhibitor. It is an enol, a primary alcohol and a member of 4-pyranones. It derives from a hydride of a 4H-pyran. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is piroxicam in which the pyrid-2-yl group is replaced by a 5-methyl-1,2-oxazol-3-yl group. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it was withdrawn from the market in the 1980s following its association with cases of Stevens-Johnson syndrome. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an antirheumatic drug. It is a benzothiazine, a member of isoxazoles and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is a one-carbon compound that is arsonous acid in which the hydrogen attached to arsenic is replaced by a methyl group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, a poison and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of arsonous acids and a one-carbon compound. It derives from an arsonous acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a benzazepine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-1H-2-benzazepine which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 7 and 8 and on the nitrogen atom by a 2-(p-chlorophenyl)ethylaminothiocarbonyl group. A synthetic analogue of capsaicin, it was the first reported capsaicin receptor antagonist. It has a role as a capsaicin receptor antagonist. It is a member of catechols, a member of thioureas, a benzazepine and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a purple crystalline solid. It is used as a disinfectant and deodorizer, in water purification, and for many other uses. 
it, also known as H-S dipeptide or hisser, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 28:0 in which the two acyl substituents at positions 1 and 2 are specified as palmitoyl and lauroyl respectively. It is a phosphatidylcholine 28:0 and a dodecanoate ester. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is the (1R,2S,5S)-stereoisomer of dihydrocarveol. It has a role as a fungal xenobiotic metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (+)-neodihydrocarveol. 
it is the isopropyl ester of unoprostone. It has a role as an antiglaucoma drug, an antihypertensive agent and a prodrug. It is a prostaglandins Falpha, a ketone and an isopropyl ester. It derives from an unoprostone. it is a docosanoid and a structural analogue of an inactive biosynthetic cyclic derivative of arachidonic acid, 13,14-dihydro-15-keto-prostaglandin F 2a. Although the mechanism of action is unknown, it may reduce elevated intraocular pressure by increasing the outflow of aqueous humor upon ocular administration. 
it is the acetate salt of a synthetic long-acting cyclic octapeptide with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin. Octreotide is a more potent inhibitor of growth hormone, glucagon, and insulin than somatostatin. Similar to somatostatin, this agent also suppresses the luteinizing hormone response to gonadotropin-releasing hormone, decreases splanchnic blood flow, and inhibits the release of serotonin, gastrin, vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP), secretin, motilin, pancreatic polypeptide, and thyroid stimulating hormone. 
it is an aminodiol that consists of propane-1,3-diol having amino and 2-(4-octylphenyl)ethyl substituents at the 2-position. It is a sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator used for the treatment of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. A prodrug, it is phosphorylated by sphingosine kinase to active metabolite it-phosphate, a structural analogue of sphingosine 1-phosphate. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent, a prodrug, an antineoplastic agent, a sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor agonist and a CB1 receptor antagonist. It is an aminodiol and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is an orally available derivate of myriocin and sphingosine-1-phosphate receptor 1 (S1PR1, S1P1) modulator, with potential anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating activities. Upon oral administration, it, as a structural analogue of sphingosine, selectively targets and binds to S1PR1 on lymphocytes and causes transient receptor activation followed by S1PR1 internalization and degradation. This results in the sequestration of lymphocytes in lymph nodes. By preventing egress of lymphocytes. it reduces both the amount of circulating peripheral lymphocytes and the infiltration of lymphocytes into target tissues. This prevents a lymphocyte-mediated immune response and may reduce inflammation. S1PR1, a G-protein coupled receptor, plays a key role in lymphocyte migration from lymphoid tissues. it also shifts macrophages to an anti-inflammatory M2 phenotype, and modulates their proliferation, morphology, and cytokine release via inhibition of the transient receptor potential cation channel, subfamily M, member 7 (TRPM7). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as withanolides and derivatives. These are c28 steroids structurally characterized by an ergostane skeleton usually functionalized at carbons 1, 22 and 26 to form a lactone ring. Thus, it is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a straight-chain, 18:1, long-chain fatty acid having a trans- double bond at position 9 and an R-oriented hydroxy group at position 12. It is a long-chain fatty acid, a straight-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy monounsaturated fatty acid. It derives from an elaidic acid. 
An octapeptide analog of angiotensin II (bovine) with amino acids 1 and 8 replaced with sarcosine and alanine, respectively. It is a highly specific competitive inhibitor of angiotensin II that is used in the diagnosis of HYPERTENSION. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by combining spectinomycin with two molar equivalents of hydrochloric acid. An antibiotic that is active against gram-negative bacteria and used (as its pentahydrate) to treat gonorrhea. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimicrobial agent. It contains a spectinomycin(2+). Spectinomycin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of spectinomycin, an aminocyclitol antibiotic derived from Streptomyces spectabilis with antibacterial property. Spectinomycin hydrochloride binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide elongation and protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. Spectinomycin Hydrochloride Anhydrous is the anhydrous hydrochloride salt form of spectinomycin, an aminocyclitol aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces spectabilis with bacteriostatic activity. Spectinomycin binds to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit. As a result, this agent interferes with the initiation of protein synthesis and with proper protein elongation. This eventually leads to bacterial cell death. 
it is a member of tryptamines. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist, a vasoconstrictor agent and an anti-inflammatory drug. It derives from a N,N-dimethyltryptamine. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent choking odor. Flash point -36Â°F. Boiling point 69Â°F. Density 6.5 lb / gal. Vapors are heaver than air and irritate the mucous membranes and especially the eyes. Used to make other chemicals. it is the aldehyde formed from acetic acid by reduction of the carboxy group. It is the most abundant carcinogen in tobacco smoke. It has a role as a human metabolite, an EC 3.5.1.4 (amidase) inhibitor, a carcinogenic agent, a mutagen, a teratogenic agent, an oxidising agent, an electron acceptor, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. it is a widespread, naturally occurring, colorless and flammable liquid with a suffocating smell. it is found in various plants, ripe fruits, vegetables, cigarette smoke, gasoline and diesel exhaust. This substance is widely used in the manufacture of acetic acid, perfumes, dyes and drugs, as a flavoring agent and as an intermediate in the metabolism of alcohol. Acute exposure to its vapors results in irritation of the eyes, skin, and respiratory tract. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is propylphosphonic acid in which one of the hydrogens at position 3 is substituted by a formyl(hydroxy)amino group. An antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces lavendulae, it specifically inhibits DXP reductoisomerase (EC 1.1.1.267), a key enzyme in the non-mevalonate pathway of isoprenoid biosynthesis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an EC 1.1.1.267 (1-deoxy-D-xylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase) inhibitor and a bacterial metabolite. It is a member of phosphonic acids and a hydroxamic acid. 
Butorphanol is a synthetic opioid which is used as a nasal spray for treatment of migraine headaches and parenterally as a narcotic analgesic for moderate-to-severe pain or as an adjunct to general anesthesia. Butorphanol has not been linked to serum enzyme elevations during therapy or to clinically apparent liver injury. 
5-alpha-Pregnan-3, 20-dione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gluco/mineralocorticoids, progestogins and derivatives. These are steroids with a structure based on a hydroxylated prostane moiety. 5-alpha-Pregnan-3, 20-dione is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 5-alpha-Pregnan-3, 20-dione has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 5-alpha-pregnan-3, 20-dione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it appears as a colorless to slightly yellow solid that melts at approximately 40Â°F. Very irritating to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May emit toxic fumes when heated to high temperatures. Used to make dyes and other chemicals. 
it is a hydroxyaurone that is aurone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4, 6, 3' and 4' respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an aurone. It is a conjugate acid of an it-6-olate. 
it appears as white monoclinic crystals. Melting point 187-189Â°F (86-87Â°C). Insoluble in water. Used as an acaricide, insecticide and treatment of demodectic mange in dogs. it is a tertiary amino compound that is 1,3,5-triazapenta-1,4-diene substituted by a methyl group at position 3 and 2,4-dimethylphenyl groups at positions 1 and 5. It has a role as an acaricide, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant and an insecticide. It is a tertiary amino compound and a member of formamidines. 
it is a synthetic muscarinic antagonist with actions similar to atropine and with an anticholinergic property. Upon ocular administration, it binds to and blocks the muscarinic receptors in the sphincter and ciliary muscle in the eye. This inhibits the responses from cholinergic stimulation, producing dilation of the pupil and paralysis of the ciliary muscle. it is a diagnostic agent and is used to produce short-duration mydriasis and cycloplegia. 
it, also known as it or fema 3872, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a pungent, radish, and turnup tasting compound that can be found in beverages, cocoa and cocoa products, and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as salicylamides. These are carboxamide derivatives of salicylic acid. Salicylic acid is the ortho-hydroxylated derivative of benzoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, desacetyl-nitazoxanide is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a crystalline waxy solid. Insoluble in water. Used in organic synthesis. it is a straight-chain alkane containing 24 carbon atoms. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
4-(N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminyl)-D-ribitol 1-phosphate is a disaccharide phosphate consisting of 2-O-(N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminyl)ribitol phosphorylated at O-1 of the ribitol residue; a 5-phosphate beta-WTA (Staphylococcus aureus Wall Teichoic Acid) analogue. It is an amino disaccharide and a disaccharide phosphate. 
Phytanic acid, also known as phytanate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic diterpenoids. These are diterpenoids (compounds made of four consecutive isoprene units) that do not contain a cycle. Phytanic acid is a very hydrophobic molecule, practically insoluble (in water), and relatively neutral. Within the cell, phytanic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is an organic chloride salt that is the monochloride salt of it cation. Used for inclusion in mixed dye solutions of the iron resorcin fuchsin type for demonstrating elastic fibres. It has a role as a histological dye and a fluorochrome. It contains an it cation. 
it, also known as 3-chlorocholest-5-ene, is an organochloride derivative of cholesterol. It is presented as a liquid crystal that forms clockwise liquid crystals. 
it is an N-monosubstituted putrescine where the N-substituent is methyl. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a N-methylputrescinium(2+). 
3a, 7a, 12a, 24-Tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-hydroxyacyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-hydroxyl acylated coenzyme A derivative. Thus, 3a, 7a, 12a, 24-tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. 3a, 7a, 12a, 24-Tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3a, 7a, 12a, 24-Tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3a, 7a, 12a, 24-tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3a, 7a, 12a, 24-Tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 3a, 7a, 12a, 24-Tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA can be converted into 3a, 7a, 12a-trihydroxy-5b-24-oxocholestanoyl-CoA; which is mediated by the enzyme peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 2. In addition, 3a, 7a, 12a, 24-Tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA can be biosynthesized from 3a, 7a, 12a-trihydroxy-5b-cholest-24-enoyl-CoA through the action of the enzyme peroxisomal multifunctional enzyme type 2. In humans, 3a, 7a, 12a, 24-tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA is involved in bile acid biosynthesis pathway, congenital bile acid synthesis defect type III pathway, congenital bile acid synthesis defect type II pathway, and the cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) pathway. 3a, 7a, 12a, 24-Tetrahydroxy-5b-cholestanoyl-CoA is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include the zellweger syndrome pathway, 27-hydroxylase deficiency, and the familial hypercholanemia (fhca) pathway. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a pineapple taste. 
(5alpha, 14alpha)-14-Methylcholestan-3-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cholesterols and derivatives. Cholesterols and derivatives are compounds containing a 3-hydroxylated cholestane core (5alpha, 14alpha)-14-Methylcholestan-3-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule (5alpha, 14alpha)-14-Methylcholestan-3-one has been found throughout all human tissues, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, (5alpha, 14alpha)-14-methylcholestan-3-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (5alpha, 14alpha)-14-methylcholestan-3-one can be found in cereals and cereal products and wheat. This makes (5alpha, 14alpha)-14-methylcholestan-3-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Pentostatin is a purine analogue and antineoplastic agent used in the therapy of hairy cell leukemia and T cell lymphomas. Pentostatin is associated with a low rate of serum enzyme elevations during therapy and has been linked to rare instances of severe acute liver injury with jaundice. 
Amphotericin B is a polyene antifungal antibiotic produced by Streptomyces nodosus, with antifungal activity. Amphotericin B binds to ergosterol, an essential component of the fungal cell membrane, thereby causing depolarization of the membrane and altering cell membrane permeability. This leads to leakage of important intracellular components, cell rupture, and eventually cell death. This agent may also induce oxidative damage in fungal cells and has been reported to stimulate host immune cells. 
it is a dioxolane that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted by methyl groups at positions 4 and 5 and a pentadecyl group at position 2 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it, stabilized is a colorless volatile liquid with an acrid odor. Flash point 27Â°F. Vapors may irritate the eyes and respiratory system. Highly toxic by inhalation, ingestion and skin absorption. Less dense than water (0.957 gm / cm3) and slightly soluble in water, hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. 
it is a hydroxybiphenyl that is catechol in which the hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a 2,6-dichlorophenyl group. It is a member of hydroxybiphenyls, a member of catechols and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a biphenyl-2,3-diol. 
5-Ethyl-5-methyl-2, 4-oxazolidinedione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oxazolidinediones. Oxazolidinediones are compounds containing an oxazolidine ring which bears two ketones. 5-Ethyl-5-methyl-2, 4-oxazolidinedione is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 5-Ethyl-5-methyl-2, 4-oxazolidinedione has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 5-ethyl-5-methyl-2, 4-oxazolidinedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles carrying 4-hydroxycyclohexyl, 4-fluorophenyl and 2-methoxypyrimidin-4-yl substituents at positions 1, 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of cyclohexanols, a member of imidazoles, a member of pyrimidines, an aromatic ether, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a secondary alcohol. 
Phosphorus heptasulfide, free from yellow and white phosphorus appears as light-yellow crystals, light-gray powder, or fused solid. Melting point 310Â°C. Density 2.19 g / cm3. May spontaneously heat and ignite under exposure to moisture. Produces phosphorus pentaoxide and sulfur dioxide during combustion. Phosphorus pentaoxide reacts with water to form phosphoric acid, a corrosive material. Phosphorus heptasulfide reacts with water to form phosphoric acid and hydrogen sulfide, a toxic flammable gas with a rotten-egg smell. Continued exposure to hydrogen sulfide disables the sense of smell. 
A chelating agent that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations such as CALCIUM. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. 
it is a member of the class of biphenyls that is a potent inhibitor of nonstructural protein 5A and is used (as its hydrochloride salt) for treatment of hepatitis C. It has a role as a nonstructural protein 5A inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It is a member of biphenyls, a member of imidazoles, a carbamate ester, a carboxamide and a valine derivative. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). it is an orally available inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) non-structural protein 5A (NS5A) replication complex, with potential activity against HCV. Although the exact mechanism of action of it has yet to be fully determined, this agent, upon oral administration and after intracellular uptake, appears to bind to domain I of the NS5A protein. This inhibits the activity of the NS5A protein and results in the disruption of the viral RNA replication complex, blockage of viral HCV RNA production, and inhibition of viral replication. NS5A, a zinc-binding and proline-rich hydrophilic phosphoprotein, plays a crucial role in HCV RNA replication. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family. 
A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium such as the aqueous humor. 
it is a member of the class of 2,1-benzoxathioles that is 2,1-benzoxathiole 1,1-dioxide in which both of the hydrogens at position 3 have been substituted by 3-bromo-4-hydroxy-5-isopropyl-2-methylphenyl groups. It has a role as an acid-base indicator, a dye and a two-colour indicator. It is a 2,1-benzoxathiole, an arenesulfonate ester, an organobromine compound, a polyphenol and a sultone. it is a dye used as an indicator in determining pH. Bromthymol blue is a weak acid. It can be in acid or base form, depending on the pH of the solution. This reagent is yellow in acidic solutions, blue in basic solutions and green in neutral solution. 
Nystatin A1 is a polyene macrolide antibiotic; part of the nystatin complex produced by several Streptococcus species. It is a member of nystatins and a carboxylic acid. 
it is a diterpenoid natural product obtained from the cyanobacterium Tolypothrix nodosa. It shows strong anti-inflammatory activity in the mouse ear edema assay. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a diterpenoid, a diol, a secondary alcohol, a polycyclic ether, an oxacycle, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. 
it is the alapivalate ester prodrug form of ceftizoxime, a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. After oral administration of it, the ester bond is cleaved, releasing active ceftizoxime. 
it is a member of the class thiazolidines that is (3S)-3-hydroxy-2,2-dimethyl-3-[(4R)-3-methyl-1,3-thiazolidin-4-yl]propanoic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a (4R)-2-(2-hydroxy-6-pentylphenyl)-4,5-dihydro-1,3-thiazol-4-yl group. A cytotoxic antibiotic, it is produced by the fermentation of Agrobacterium. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a member of thiazolidines, a member of phenols and a 3-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. 
Soyasapogenol F belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Soyasapogenol F is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, soyasapogenol F is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, soyasapogenol F can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes soyasapogenol F a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is propanone substituted by a 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl group at position 1, a hydroxy group at position 3 and a 2-methoxyphenoxy group at position 2 respectively. It is an aromatic ketone, a dimethoxybenzene and a primary alcohol. 
it appears as colorless volatile liquid or gas with an odor like sulfur dioxide. Mp: -92Â°C; bp: 29Â°C. Density: 2.08 g cm-3. Insoluble in water. Very toxic by inhalation. 
it is a fatty acid ester obtained by the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of butan-1-ol with the carboxy group of oleic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a butan-1-ol and an oleic acid. 
it is a trihydroxyflavanone in which the three hydroxy substituents are located at positions 3, 5 and 7. It has a role as an antimutagen, an antioxidant and a metabolite. It is a trihydroxyflavanone and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a synthetic radioactive isotope of chromium having a half-life of 27.7 days and decaying by electron capture with emission of gamma rays (0.32 MeV); it is used to label red blood cells for measurement of mass or volume, survival time, and sequestration studies, for the diagnosis of gastrointestinal bleeding, and to label platelets to study their survival. It has a role as a radioactive label. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Beta-thalassemia, Hepatic Impairment, Impaired Renal Function, Transfusional Iron Overload, and Iron Overload Due to Repeated Red Blood Cell Transfusions. 
Quinine Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of the quinidine alkaloid isolate quinine. Quinine has many mechanisms of action, including reduction of oxygen intake and carbohydrate metabolism; disruption of DNA replication and transcription via DNA intercalation; and reduction of the excitability of muscle fibers via alteration of calcium distribution. This agent also inhibits the drug efflux pump P-glycoprotein which is overexpressed in multi-drug resistant tumors and may improve the efficacy of some antineoplastic agents. (NCI04) Quinidine is an alkaloid extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree with class 1A antiarrhythmic and antimalarial effects. Quinidine stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses resulting in an increase of the threshold for excitation and decreased depolarization during phase 0 of the action potential. In addition, the effective refractory period (ERP), action potential duration (APD), and ERP/APD ratios are increased, resulting in decreased conduction velocity of nerve impulses. Quinidine exerts its antimalarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the heme polymer (hemazoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as steroid glucuronide conjugates. These are sterol lipids containing a glucuronide moiety linked to the steroid skeleton. Thus, it is considered to be a steroid conjugate lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue, liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it (anhydrous) is a macrolide lactam containing a 23-membered lactone ring, originally isolated from the fermentation broth of a Japanese soil sample that contained the bacteria Streptomyces tsukubaensis. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent and a bacterial metabolite. Anhydrous from of it, a macrolide isolated from Streptomyces tsukubaensis. it binds to the FKBP-12 protein and forms a complex with calcium-dependent proteins, thereby inhibiting calcineurin phosphatase activity and resulting in decreased cytokine production. This agent exhibits potent immunosuppressive activity in vivo and prevents the activation of T-lymphocytes in response to antigenic or mitogenic stimulation. it possesses similar immunosuppressive properties to cyclosporine, but is more potent. 
it is a synthetic pentapeptide which is the active site of the naturally occurring hormone thymopoietin with immunomodulating properties. it enhances the production of thymic T cells and may help restore immunocompetence in immunosuppressed subjects. This agent also augments the effects of ionizing radiation by arresting cancer cells in the G2/M phase of the cell cycle. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as xanthones. These are polycyclic aromatic compounds containing a xanthene moiety conjugated to a ketone group at carbon 9. Xanthene is a tricyclic compound made up of two benzene rings linearly fused to each other through a pyran ring. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Boron oxide appears as colorless, semi-transparent glassy lumps or hard white odorless crystals. Mp 450Â°C; bp: 1860Â°C. Density: 2.46 g cm-3. Moderately soluble in water. Used as an insecticide; as the starting material for the synthesis of other boron compounds; as a fluxing agent in enamels and glasses; and in mixture with 2-6% boron nitride, as a bonding agent in the hot isostatic pressing of boron nitride ceramics. 
it is an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside obtained by formal condensation of the alcoholic hydroxy group of (6R)-6-hydroxyheptanoic acid with ascarylopyranose (the alpha anomer). It is a major component of the dauer pheromone, used by the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans as a population-density signal to promote entry into an alternate larval stage, the nonfeeding and highly persistent dauer diapause. It has also been found in Pristionchus pacificus and the sour paste nematode Panagrellus redivivus. It has a role as a Caenorhabditis elegans metabolite and a pheromone. It is a monocarboxylic acid and an (omega-1)-hydroxy fatty acid ascaroside. It derives from a (6R)-6-hydroxyheptanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). 
it is a docosenoic acid having a cis-double bond at position 11. It has a role as a Daphnia tenebrosa metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a cetoleate. 
it is a cyanopyrrolidine-based, orally bioavailable inhibitor of dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4), with hypoglycemic activity. it's cyano moiety undergoes hydrolysis and this inactive metabolite is excreted mainly via the urine. 
K 252a is an indolocarbazole-based alkaloid and staurosporine analog isolated from Nocardiopsis and Actinomadura species, with kinase inhibiting activity. K252a inhibits a wide variety of enzymes, including, but not limited to, protein kinase A (PKA), C (PKC) and G (PKG), calcium (Ca2+)/calmodulin-dependent kinase type II (CaMKII), phosphorylase kinase (PhK), tropomyosin receptor kinase (Trk; neurotrophic tyrosine receptor kinase; NTRK), myosin light-chain kinase (MLCK; MYLK), mixed-lineage protein kinase 3 (MLK3), receptor-type tyrosine-protein kinase FLT3 (CD135; fms-like tyrosine kinase 3; fetal liver kinase-2; FLK2) and actin-regulating kinase PRK1 (PAK1). Inhibition of these kinases prevents the activation of signaling pathways in which these kinases play a key role. 
it is a member of triazoles and a heteroaryl hydroxy compound. It is a tautomer of a 1-phenyl-1,2-dihydro-3H-1,2,4-triazol-3-one. It derives from a hydride of a 1-phenyl-1H-1,2,4-triazole. 
5-Acetyl-2, 3-dihydro-1, 4-thiazine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 4-thiazines. These are organic compounds containing 1, 4-thiazine, a six-member ring with a nitrogen and a sulfur atoms in ring positions 1 and 4 respectively, as well as two double bonds. 5-Acetyl-2, 3-dihydro-1, 4-thiazine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-acetyl-2, 3-dihydro-1, 4-thiazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5-Acetyl-2, 3-dihydro-1, 4-thiazine has a cooked, nutty, and roasted taste. 
it appears as a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent, burning odor. Extremely corrosive to skin and respiratory tissues, both as a liquid and vapor. Vapors are heavier than air. 
2, 5-Dimethyloxazole, also known as oxazole, 2, 5-dimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles. 2, 5-disubstituted oxazoles are compounds containing an oxazole ring substituted at positions 2 and 5 only. Oxazole is a five-membered aromatic heterocycle with one oxygen, one nitrogen, and three carbon atoms. Isomers include 1, 2-oxazole and 1, 3-oxazole. 2, 5-Dimethyloxazole is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2, 5-dimethyloxazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2, 5-dimethyloxazole can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 5-dimethyloxazole a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
3, 6-Dihydro-4-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)-1, 2-dithiin, also known as 4-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)-1, 2-dithia-4-cyclohexene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dithiins. Dithiins are compounds comprising a dithiin ring, which is an unsaturated six-member heterocycle containing four carbon atoms, two sulfur atoms and two double bonds. 3, 6-Dihydro-4-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)-1, 2-dithiin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3, 6-dihydro-4-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)-1, 2-dithiin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 3, 6-dihydro-4-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)-1, 2-dithiin can be found in alcoholic beverages. This makes 3, 6-dihydro-4-(4-methyl-3-pentenyl)-1, 2-dithiin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity against most gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. it is bactericidal and its mode of action depends on blocking of bacterial DNA replication by binding itself to an enzyme called DNA gyrase. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, a DNA synthesis inhibitor, a xenobiotic and an environmental contaminant. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a N-arylpiperazine, a quinolone, a quinolone antibiotic and a fluoroquinolone antibiotic. it is a synthetic, broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone with antibacterial activity. it inhibits activity of DNA gyrase, thereby blocking bacterial DNA replication. it concentrates in the renal tubules and bladder and is bactericidal against a wide range of aerobic gram-positive and gram-negative organisms. 
it is a synthetic flavonoid with vascular targeting properties. it exhibits an antiproliferative effect on endothelial cells as a result of a superoxide-dependent mechanism, which induces changes in permeability of the vasculature of the tumor. This agent may stimulate tumor necrosis and promote shunting of blood flow to viable regions of the tumor, increasing their oxygenation and rendering them more susceptible to the antitumor effects of hyperthermia and ionizing radiation. (NCI04) 
it is a pentahydroxyflavone that consists of luteolin substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 8. It has a role as an antioxidant and a plant metabolite. It derives from a luteolin. 
it is an orally-available synthetic quinoline derivative with multidrug resistance modulating properties. it binds to the drug-binding site of the transmembrane P-glycoprotein efflux pump and is preferentially transported from the cell, thereby blocking the efflux of other therapeutic agents. 
it appears as white to pale cream-colored crystalline powder. Odorless or almost odorless. Tasteless. Sublimes without decomposition at 410Â°F. (NTP, 1992) it is an oxaspiro compound produced by Penicillium griseofulvum. It is used by mouth as an antifungal drug for infections involving the scalp, hair, nails and skin that do not respond to topical treatment. It has a role as an antibacterial agent and a Penicillium metabolite. It is an organochlorine compound, a member of 1-benzofurans, an oxaspiro compound, an antibiotic antifungal drug and a benzofuran antifungal drug. it is an antifungal agent derived from the mold Penicillium griseofulvum that is used to treat fungal infections of the skin and nails. it binds to tubulin, disrupting microtubule function and inhibiting mitosis. 
it is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid that is chelidonine substituted by a methyl group at position 13. Isolated from the aerial parts of Corydalis incisa, it acts as an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and also exhibits antineoplastic and hepatoprotective activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and a hepatoprotective agent. It is a member of isoquinolines, an organic heterohexacyclic compound, a secondary alcohol, a cyclic acetal and a benzophenanthridine alkaloid. It derives from a chelidonine. 
it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)-(+)- and (S)-(-)-it. While only the (S)-(-) enantiomer is a COX1 and COX2 inhibitor, the (R)-(+) enantiomer exhibits potent analgesic activity. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, it is mainly used (generally as the tromethamine salt) for its potent analgesic properties in the short-term management of post-operative pain, and in eye drops to relieve the ocular itching associated with seasonal allergic conjunctivitis. It was withdrawn from the market in many countries in 1993 following association with haemorrhage and renal failure. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an analgesic. It contains a (R)-it and a (S)-it. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is a synthetic pyrrolizine carboxylic acid derivative with anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and antipyretic activities. it non-selective inhibits the enzymes cyclooxygenase 1 (COX-1) and COX-2. The inhibition of COX-2, up-regulated at sites of inflammation, prevents conversion of arachidonic acid to pro-inflammatory prostaglandins. The inhibition of COX-1 by this agent prevents the normal steady-state production of prostaglandins that play housekeeping roles in the protection of the gastrointestinal tract, the regulation of renal blood flow, and platelet aggregation. As a result, the inhibition of COX-1 may be associated with gastrointestinal toxicity, nephrotoxicity, and the inhibition of platelet aggregation. 
it is a dipeptide formed from two L-tryptophan residues. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It derives from a L-tryptophan. 
it atom is a cobalt group element atom that has atomic number 27. It has a role as a micronutrient. It is a cobalt group element atom and a metal allergen. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 27, and atomic weight 58.93. 
it is a member of pyrimidines, an organochlorine compound and an aryl sulfide. It derives from an acetic acid. it is a synthetic thiacetic acid derivative used in biomedical research, carcinogenic it is a peroxisome proliferator that activates specific peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPAR). PPARs play an important role in diverse cellular functions, including lipid metabolism, cell proliferation, differentiation, adipogenesis, and inflammatory signaling. (NCI04) 
it is a crystalline powder. Used in cereal seed dressing and fungicidal non-mercurial seed dressing with special action against fusarium. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) it is a ring assembly consisting of benzimidazole substituted at position 2 by a 2-furyl group. A fungicide used as a seed treatment to control Fusarium spp. in cereals. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of benzimidazoles, a member of furans and a benzimidazole fungicide. 
it, also known as fema 2553 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has a fresh, green, and oily taste. 
ER modulator, it(it) is a estrogen receptor modulator being evaluated for the treatment of breast cancer. it is a new 2-phenyl indole selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERM )that exhibits an excellent preclinical pharmacological profile and was selected for further development as a treatment for metastatic breast cancer. it is a nonsteroidal 2-phenyl indole and a selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) with potential antineoplastic activity. it antagonizes binding of estradiol to estrogen receptor alpha (ER alpha), thereby inhibiting ER alpha-mediated gene expression, interfering with estrogen activity and inhibiting estrogen-stimulated growth in estrogen-dependent breast cancer. In addition, this agent also exerts intrinsic estrogenic activity depending on the tissue types. 
Salicylurate is a monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of salicyluric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a salicyluric acid. 
it is the third genomics-derived small molecule drug arising from the Human Genome Sciences-GlaxoSmithKline collaboration to enter clinical development. It is a lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 (Lp-PLA2) inhibitor. Lp-PLA2 is an enzyme associated with the formation of atherosclerotic plaques. 
Memtetrahydrophthalic anhydride is a clear colorless to light yellow slight viscous liquid. Highly toxic and a strong irritant to skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to skin and metal. Used in making polyester, alkyd resins, and plasticizers. 
3,3&#39;-iminodipropylamine appears as a colorless liquid. Less dense than water. Flash point of 170Â°F. Very irritating to skin and eyes, and may be toxic by ingestion. Used to make soaps, dyes, and pharmaceuticals. it is a polyazaalkane. It is a conjugate base of a bis(3-azaniumylpropyl)azanium. 
it is a 5-methoxy-2-{[(4-methoxy-3,5-dimethylpyridin-2-yl)methyl]sulfinyl}-1H-benzimidazole that has S configuration at the sulfur atom. An inhibitor of gastric acid secretion, it is used (generally as its sodium or magnesium salt) for the treatment of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease, dyspepsia, peptic ulcer disease, and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. It has a role as a histamine antagonist, an EC 3.6.3.10 (H(+)/K(+)-exchanging ATPase) inhibitor, an anti-ulcer drug and an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a (R)-omeprazole. it is the S-isomer of omeprazole, with gastric proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, it is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulfenamide; the active sulfenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. 
it is a member of the class of its that is anisole in which one of the hydrogens ortho to the methoxy group is replaced by a nitro group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. 
it is a benzenetriol with hydroxy groups at position 1, 3 and 5. It has a role as an algal metabolite. 
it is a polyene amphoteric macrolide antibiotic with antifungal properties. it exerts its antifungal effects by binding to sterols in the fungal cell membrane thereby increasing membrane permeability. This leads to a leakage and loss of essential cellular constituents. Following ocular application, it is retained in the conjunctival fornices and attains effective concentrations within the corneal stroma where it exerts its effect. 
A semi-synthetic macrolide antibiotic structurally related to ERYTHROMYCIN. It has been used in the treatment of Mycobacterium avium intracellulare infections, toxoplasmosis, and cryptosporidiosis. 
A chromogenic substrate that permits direct measurement of peptide hydrolase activity, e.g., papain and trypsin, by colorimetry. The substrate liberates p-nitroaniline as a chromogenic product. 
it is an inorganic compound with formula Na5P3O10 and the sodium salt of the polyphosphate penta-anion. It is used as a component of a wide range domestic and industrial products, particularly detergents. 
(+/-)-N, N-dimethyl menthyl succinamide, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched unsaturated hydrocarbons. These are hydrocarbons that contains one or more unsaturated carbon atoms, and an aliphatic branch (+/-)-N, N-dimethyl menthyl succinamide is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (+/-)-N, N-dimethyl menthyl succinamide is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) (+/-)-N, N-dimethyl menthyl succinamide has a cool and minty taste. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indanones. Indanones are compounds containing an indane ring bearing a ketone group. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in green vegetables and root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an orange crystalline solid compound that is metabolized to benzene in vivo. it is used as a chemical intermediate, complexing agent and polymer additive and is a contaminant in several dyes used in drugs, cosmetics and foods. it is genotoxic in bacteria and rodents. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen based on evidence of carcinogenicity in experimental animals. (NCI05) 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of L-asparagine, L-leucine and two L-aspartic acid units joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine, a L-leucine and a L-aspartic acid. 
1, 2-Bis(methylthio)ethane, also known as 1, 2-bis(methylsulfanyl)ethane or 2, 5-dithiahexane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylthioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by two alkyl groups. 1, 2-Bis(methylthio)ethane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 2-bis(methylthio)ethane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1, 2-Bis(methylthio)ethane has a dairy and sulfurous taste. 
it is 2,6-Diaminopurine carrying benzylamino, (2R)-1-hydroxybutan-2-yl and isopropyl substituents at C-6, C-2-N and N-9 respectively. It is an experimental drug candidate in the family of pharmacological cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitors. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.22 (cyclin-dependent kinase) inhibitor and an antiviral drug. it is an orally available small molecule and cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitor with potential apoptotic and antineoplastic activity. CDKs, serine/threonine kinases that play an important role in cell cycle regulation, are overexpressed in various malignancies. it primarily inhibits CDK 2, 7, and 9 by competing for the ATP binding sites on these kinases, leading to a disruption of cell cycle progression. In addition, this agent seems to interfere with CDK-mediated phosphorylation of the carboxy-terminal domain of RNA polymerase II, thereby inhibiting RNA polymerase II-dependent transcription. This may lead to the down-regulation of anti-apoptotic factors, such as myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1 (Mcl-1), a protein crucial for the survival of a range of tumor cell types. The down-regulation of anti-apoptotic factors may lead to an induction of apoptosis, thereby further contributing to seliciclib's antiproliferative effects. 
it is a synthetic octapeptide, and an analogue of human hormone arginine vasopressin with antidiuretic and coagulant activities. it binds to V2 receptors in renal collecting ducts which leads to exocytosis of von Willebrand factor (VWF) and tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) from Weibel-Palade bodies, thereby increasing water resorption. This agent also increases nitric oxide (NO) production via activation of endothelial NO synthase, thereby induces afferent arteriolar vasodilation. Furthermore, it stimulates the release of factor VIII from endothelial cells mediated through V1a receptor, thereby promotes blood coagulation. 
it is a dihydroxyflavanone with hydroxy substituents at positions 7 and 8. Isolated from the seeds of Alpinia katsumadai, it acts as a an inhibitor for Jun-Fos-DNA complex formation and exhibits antineoplastic activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. 
it is a malate salt resulting from the reaction of equimolar amounts of pizotifen and malic acid. A sedating antihistamine with strong serotonin antagonist and weak antimuscarinic activity, it is used for the treatment of migraine and the prevention of headache attacks during cluster periods. It has a role as a histamine antagonist, a muscarinic antagonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It contains a pizotifen(1+). 
it is an alkene that is hex-1-ene substituted by methyl groups at positions 4 and 5 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 1-hexene. 
it is an arenesulfonic acid that is 1,2-naphthoquinone substituted at position 4 with a sulfonic acid group. Used principally as a reagent in colorimetric determinations. It has a role as a colorimetric reagent. It is an arenesulfonic acid and a naphthalenone. 
it is tetracycline in which the 5beta-hydrogen is replaced by a hydroxy group, while the 6alpha-hydroxy group is replaced by hydrogen. A semi-synthetic tetracycline antibiotic, it is used to inhibit bacterial protein synthesis and treat non-gonococcal urethritis and cervicitis, exacerbations of bronchitis in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and adult periodontitis. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and an antimalarial. it Hyclate is the hyclate salt form of it, a synthetic, broad-spectrum tetracycline antibiotic exhibiting antimicrobial activity. it hyclate binds reversibly to the 30S ribosomal subunit, possibly to the 50S ribosomal subunit as well, thereby blocking the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex. This leads to an inhibition of protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. it Calcium is the calcium salt form of it exhibiting antimicrobial activity. it blocks binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex, thereby inhibiting protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. (NCI) it is a synthetic, broad-spectrum tetracycline antibiotic exhibiting antimicrobial activity. it binds to the 30S ribosomal subunit, possibly to the 50S ribosomal subunit as well, thereby blocking the binding of aminoacyl-tRNA to the mRNA-ribosome complex. This leads to an inhibition of protein synthesis. In addition, this agent has exhibited inhibition of collagenase activity. 
Silvery, whitish-gray, malleable, ductile metal. Mp: 1772Â°C; bp: 2187Â°C. Density: 21.45 g cm-3 at room conditions (very dense). Also shipped as a finely divided powder (it), as a sponge, and as particles deposited on a supporting material such as alumina. Has strong catalytic activity in these forms; finely divided it can be dangerous to handle in the vicinity of other chemicals on this account. Used it catalysts are particularly dangerous and can be explosive. it is a nickel group element atom and a it group metal atom. it is an element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 78, and atomic weight 195.09. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-ene substituted by carboxy group at position 28 and hydroxy groups at positions 3, 16 and 21 (the 3beta,16alpha,21beta stereoisomer). It has a role as a metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a dibenzazecine alkaloid that is protopine bearing a hydroxy substituent at the 6-position. It is a dibenzazecine alkaloid, a tertiary amino compound and a hemiaminal. It derives from a protopine. 
it is a member of the class of pyridoquinolines that is 9-(quinolin-3-yl)benzo[h][1,6]naphthyridin-2-one bearing an additional 4-(4-propionylpiperazin-1-yl)-3-(trifluoromethyl)phenyl substituent at position 1. It is a potent inhibitor of mTOR and exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as a mTOR inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-acylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine, an organofluorine compound, a pyridoquinoline and a member of quinolines. 
An alkaloid that has actions similar to NICOTINE on nicotinic cholinergic receptors but is less potent. It has been proposed for a variety of therapeutic uses including in respiratory disorders, peripheral vascular disorders, insomnia, and smoking cessation. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Toxic by skin absorption and ingestion and irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is the 3-O-methyl ether of (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid. It is a catecholamine metabolite. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of guaiacols and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl)acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a homovanillate. 
it is a monosaccharide derivative that is beta-D-glucopyranose in which the hydroxy group at position 1 is substituted by a [(2S)-2-(2-hydroxypropan-2-yl)-7-oxo-2,3-dihydro-7H-furo[3,2-g][1]benzopyran-9-yl]oxy group. It is a natural product found in several plant species including Ruta graveolens and Citropsis articulata. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antiplasmodial drug and an antibacterial agent. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of psoralens. 
it is a peptide zwitterion obtained by transfer of a proton from the carboxy to the amino terminus of Met-Ala. It is a tautomer of a Met-Ala. 
Salcomine appears as a solid complex between the cobalt(II) ion and the condensation product of salicylaldehyde and ethylenediamine. Such condensation products are called \ 
it is the cationic sphingoid resulting from the protonation of the amino group of sphingosine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a sphingosine. It is an enantiomer of a L-erythro-it. 
it, (E)- is an E-isomer of a semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. it's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, it inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it is an organosulfonic acid that is 2-oxoethanesulfonic acid substituted by (2,6-diethylphenyl)(methoxymethyl)amino group at position 2. It is a metabolite of alachlor. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is an organosulfonic acid, an ether and an aromatic amide. 
it is amino acid amide formed from 2,6-dimethylaniline and N-ethylglycine components; an active metabolite of lidocaine, formed by oxidative deethylation. Used as an indicator of hepatic function. It has a role as a drug metabolite. 
A selective, irreversible inhibitor of Type B monoamine oxidase that is used for the treatment of newly diagnosed patients with PARKINSON DISEASE, and for the treatment of depressive disorders. The compound without isomeric designation is Deprenyl. 
it is an aryl sulfide that is a metabolite of sulindac. A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, which also has anticancer activity. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is an aryl sulfide, an organofluorine compound and a monocarboxylic acid. It derives from a sulindac. 
it, anhydrous appears as a colorless fuming liquid boiling at 67Â°F. Shipped as a liquid confined under its own vapor pressure. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Very short contact with fumes or small quantities of the liquid can cause severe, painful burns. Vapors are heavier than air. Density 8.2 lb / gal. Used as a catalyst and raw material in chemical manufacture.   Rate of onset: Immediate & Delayed  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 0.4 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Aluminum and other metal industries; insecticide manufacturing-corrosive liq. Fluorine atom is a halogen. It has a role as a micronutrient. 
it is a member of the class of morpholines that is morpholin-3-one substituted by a 2-ethyl-6-methylphenyl group at position 4 and a methyl group at position 5. It is a metabolite of metolachlor. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a member of morpholines and a delta-lactam. 
4-ethenyl-1,2-dimethylbenzene is a member of the class of styrenes that is 1,2-dimethylbenzene substituted by a vinyl group at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. 
it is a gluconic acid phosphate having the phosphate group at the 6-position. It is an intermediate in the pentose phosphate pathway. It has a role as a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 6-phosphonatooxy-D-gluconate and a it. 
it appears as colorless liquid with a mild fruity odor. May float on or sink in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a secondary nitroalkane that is propane in which a hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a nitro group. Mainly used as a solvent (b.p. 120â„ƒ). It has a role as a hepatotoxic agent, a carcinogenic agent, a polar aprotic solvent and a xenobiotic. it is a synthetic, flammable, colorless liquid that is slightly soluble in water, and miscible with most aromatic hydrocarbons, ketones, esters, ethers and the lower carboxylic acids. It is used primarily both as a chemical intermediate and as a solvent for numerous commercial products. it is also used as a component of explosives and propellants, and in fuels for internal combustion engines. The primary routes of potential human exposure to it are dermal contact, inhalation, and ingestion. Contact with this compound can cause irritation of the eyes and skin. Acute inhalation exposure to low levels of it vapors can result in irritation of the respiratory tract. Breathing higher levels of this chemical may cause anorexia, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a hydrate consisting of sodium thiosulfate with 5 mol eq. of water. It has a role as an antidote to cyanide poisoning, a nephroprotective agent and an antifungal drug. It contains a sodium thiosulfate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide that is the N-methyl derivative of acetamide. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of acetamides and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It derives from an acetamide. 
it is an optically active form of lactic acid having (R)-configuration. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-lactate. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-lactic acid. 
(1R, 2S, 3R)-2-Acetyl-4(5)-(1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydroxybutyl)imidazole, also known as 2-athbi, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group (1R, 2S, 3R)-2-Acetyl-4(5)-(1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydroxybutyl)imidazole exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (1R, 2S, 3R)-2-acetyl-4(5)-(1, 2, 3, 4-tetrahydroxybutyl)imidazole is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as odorless purple-black solid or flake or dark purple chips. (NTP, 1992) P-aminodiphenylamine is an aromatic amine that is the 4-amino derivative of diphenylamine. It has a role as an allergen. It is a secondary amino compound and an aromatic amine. It derives from a diphenylamine. 
13-HODE is a HODE that consists of 9Z,11E-octadecadienoic acid carrying a 13-hydroxy substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 13-HODE(1-). 
it is an organic chloride salt composed of 1-carbamoyl-7-(diethylamino)-3,4-dihydroxyphenoxazin-5-ium and chloride ions in a 1:1 ratio. A histological dye used in solution with an iron alum mordant as a hematoxylin substitute in the H&E stain. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a it(1+). 
2-Heptyl butyrate, also known as 2-heptanol butanoate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. 2-Heptyl butyrate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2-Heptyl butyrate has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 2-heptyl butyrate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 2-Heptyl butyrate has a fruity, green, and vegetable taste. 
it is a member of the class of 1,2,4-triazines that is 4,5-dihydro-1,2,4-triazin-3(2H)-one substituted by a methyl group at position 6 and a (pyridin-3-ylmethylidene)amino group at position 4. It has a role as an antifeedant, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a TRPV channel modulator. It is a member of 1,2,4-triazines and a member of pyridines. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ether-like odor. Flash point 118Â°F. About the same density as water and insoluble in water. Vapors heavier than air. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used as an additive for diesel fuels. 
it is a ketohexose bisphosphate that is D-fructose substituted by phosphate groups at positions 1 and 6. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a D-fructose. 
The glycopeptide antibiotics are semisynthetic macromolecules that are structurally related to vancomycin and have antibacterial activity against several gram positive organisms including methicillin resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA). Three lipoglycopeptide antibiotics are available for use in the United States: dalbavancin, oritavancin and telavancin. All three agents have been associated with transient serum enzyme elevations during therapy, but they have yet to be linked convincingly to cases of clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is an alkenyl alcohol that is 1-undecene in which one of the terminal methyl hydrogens is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a fatty alcohol, an alkenyl alcohol and a primary alcohol. It derives from a hydride of a 1-undecene. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water. Floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a dipeptide comprising D-alanine with a D-alanyl residue attached to the alpha-nitrogen. It is a component of bacterial peptidoglycan and forms an important target for development of antibacterial drugs. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the diphosphate of the polyprenol compound geraniol. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a geraniol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is a delta-lactone that is D-galactono-1,4-lactone in which the hydroxy group at position 6 has been oxidised to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It is a delta-lactone and an aldarolactone. It derives from a D-galactono-1,4-lactone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Rac-lactic acid is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R)- and (S)-lactic acid. It has a role as a food acidity regulator. It contains a (S)-lactic acid and a (R)-lactic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a lactate. 
it is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of F420-0 with the amino group of L-gamma-glutamyl-L-glutamic acid. It has a role as a coenzyme. It is a member of pyrimidoquinolines and a ribitol phosphate. It derives from a 7,8-didemethyl-8-hydroxy-5-deazariboflavin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(5-) and a it(4-). 
it is a carotenoid ether that is the 3,4-dihydro derivative of the tetraterpenoid spheroidene. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. 
Daidzein 7-O-beta-D-glucoside is a glycosyloxyisoflavone that is daidzein attached to a beta-D-glucopyranosyl residue at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It is used in the treatment of alcohol dependency (antidipsotropic). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a hydroxyisoflavone, a monosaccharide derivative and a 7-hydroxyisoflavones 7-O-beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a daidzein. 
5-methyl-imidazole-4-carboxylic acid is an imidazolyl carboxylic acid that is 1H-imidazole with methyl and carboxylic acid group substituents at positions 5 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a phenylalanine derivative that is L-phenylalanine in which the hydrogen at position 3 on the benzene ring is replaced by a fluoro group. It is a L-phenylalanine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a member of monofluorobenzenes. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenolic glycosides. These are organic compounds containing a phenolic structure attached to a glycosyl moiety. Some examples of phenolic structures include lignans, and flavonoids. Among the sugar units found in natural glycosides are D-glucose, L-Fructose, and L rhamnose. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid with formula C24H28N2O3, originallly isolated from the seeds of Strychnos nux-vomica. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a delta-lactam, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone, a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heterohexacyclic compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is a benzazepine that is 2,3,4,5-tetrahydro-3-benzazepine bearing a phenyl substituent at position 1, a methyl substituent at position 3, a chloro substituent at position 7 and a hydroxy substituent at position 8. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist. It is a benzazepine, an organochlorine compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is the glycosyloxyflavone which is the 7-O-glucuronide of scutellarein. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a proteasome inhibitor. It is a glycosyloxyflavone, a glucosiduronic acid, a trihydroxyflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a scutellarein. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Mefloquine is a quinoline derivative used for the prevention and therapy of P. falciparum malaria. Mefloquine therapy is associated with a low rate of transient and asymptomatic serum enzyme elevations and is a rare cause of clinically apparent acute liver injury. Mefloquine Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt form of mefloquine, a piperidinyl quinidine with antimalarial activity. Although the exact mechanism of mefloquine hydrochloride is largely unknown, this agent acts as a blood schizonticide and probably exert its actions by interacting with the phospholipid bilayer, thereby interfering with the stability of the cell membrane and causing cell lysis. Mefloquine hydrochloride is active against Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax. 
2-{[hydroxy(2-methoxyphenyl)methylidene]amino}acetic acid, also known as (2-methoxy-benzoylamino)-acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hippuric acids. Hippuric acids are compounds containing hippuric acid, which consists of a of a benzoyl group linked to the N-terminal of a glycine. 2-{[hydroxy(2-methoxyphenyl)methylidene]amino}acetic acid is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a potassium salt that is the dipotassium salt of phosphoric acid. It has a role as a buffer. It is a potassium salt and an inorganic phosphate. Potassium Phosphate, Dibasic is the dipotassium form of phosphoric acid, that can be used as an electrolyte replenisher and with radio-protective activity. Upon oral administration, potassium phosphate is able to block the uptake of the radioactive isotope phosphorus P 32 (P-32). 
NMN zwitterion is a it. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a NMN(+). It is a conjugate acid of a NMN(-). 
it is an organic chloride salt composed of 1-carboxy-7-(dimethylamino)-3,4-dihydroxyphenoxazin-5-ium and chloride ions in a 1:1 ratio. A histological dye used in solution with an iron alum mordant as a hematoxylin substitute in the H&E stain. It has a role as a fluorochrome and a histological dye. It contains a gallocyanin(1+). 
Halofuginone is an orally-active quinazolinone alkaloid with potential antineoplastic activity. Halofuginone interferes with the signaling pathway of transforming growth factor beta (TGF beta) and inhibits expression of matrix metalloproteinase 2, thereby inhibiting collagen type I synthesis and inducing extracellular matrix degradation, resulting in inhibition of angiogenesis, tumor growth, or metastasis. 
(E)-it is an omega-hydroxy amino acid that is 2-decenoic acid in which one of the hydrogens attached to the terminal carbon is replaced by a hydroxy group and in which the C=C double bond has E configuration. It is a component of royal jelly. It has a role as an animal metabolite. It is a medium-chain fatty acid, an omega-hydroxy fatty acid, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid, a straight-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy monounsaturated fatty acid. 
it (anhydrous) is a sodium salt that is the disodium salt of succinic acid. The hexahydrate form is used as an ingredient of topical preparations for the treatment of cataract. It contains a succinate(2-). 
Phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine, also known as fgam, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a pentose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. Phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine and L-glutamic acid can be biosynthesized from 5'-phosphoribosyl-N-formylglycinamide and L-glutamine through its interaction with the enzyme phosphoribosylformylglycinamidine synthase. In addition, Phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine can be converted into 5-aminoimidazole ribonucleotide through its interaction with the enzyme trifunctional purine biosynthetic protein adenosine-3. In humans, phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine is involved in the thioguanine action pathway, the azathioprine action pathway, the purine metabolism pathway, and the mercaptopurine action pathway. Phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include xanthine dehydrogenase deficiency (xanthinuria), adenine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency (aprt), the gout or kelley-seegmiller syndrome pathway, and adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency. Outside of the human body, phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine can be found in a number of food items such as wild celery, black cabbage, salmonberry, and red rice. This makes phosphoribosylformylglycineamidine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-proline with the amino group of L-methionine. It derives from a L-proline and a L-methionine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isoamyl 2-furoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is an imidazo[1,2-a]pyridine compound having a 4-tolyl group at the 2-position, an N,N-dimethylcarbamoylmethyl group at the 3-position and a methyl substituent at the 6-position. It has a role as a central nervous system depressant, a GABA agonist and a sedative. 
it is a tertiary amine consisting of three dodecyl groups attached to a central nitrogen. It has a role as a mouse metabolite, a rat metabolite and an ionophore. 
it appears as gray or black hexagonal platelets with a metallic luster or gray powder. mp: 586Â°C. Density: 7.8 g/cm3. An alloy of two metallic elements. Sometimes this is doped with selenium sulfide. The selenium sulfide (SeS) dopant alters the electrical properties, but has too low a concentration to affect the chemical properties. 
it is a pyridone that is 2-pyridone substituted at positions 1 and 5 by phenyl and methyl groups respectively. An anti-inflammatory drug used for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an antipyretic. it is an orally active synthetic antifibrotic agent structurally similar to pyridine 2,4-dicarboxylate. it inhibits fibroblast, epidermal, platelet-derived, and transforming beta-1 growth factors, thereby slowing tumor cell proliferation. This agent also inhibits DNA synthesis and the production of mRNA for collagen types I and III, resulting in a reduction in radiation-induced fibrosis. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of indoles that is acetamide substituted by a 1H-indol-3-yl group at position 2. It is an intermediate in the production of plant hormone indole acetic acid (IAA). It has a role as a fungal metabolite, a bacterial metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a N-acylammonia, a monocarboxylic acid amide and a member of indoles. It derives from an acetamide. 
it is the 16-methoxy derivative of tabersonine. It is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a methyl ester and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a tabersonine. It is a conjugate base of a 16-methoxytabersoninium(1+). 
3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-1, 2-cyclohexanedione, also known as benzil-related compound, 52, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexenones. Cyclohexenones are compounds containing a cylohexenone moiety, which is a six-membered aliphatic ring that carries a ketone and has one endocyclic double bond. 3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-1, 2-cyclohexanedione exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3, 5, 5-Trimethyl-1, 2-cyclohexanedione has a clean, dry, and nutty taste. 
Glutaryl-CoA belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl coas. These are acyl-CoAs carrying a 2, 3, 4-saturated fatty acyl chain. Glutaryl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Glutaryl-CoA has been found in human liver tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces and urine. Within the cell, glutaryl-CoA is primarily located in the mitochondria and cytoplasm. Glutaryl-CoA exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. In humans, glutaryl-CoA is involved in the pyridoxine dependency with seizures pathway, the lysine degradation pathway, and the fatty acid metabolism pathway. Glutaryl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the ethylmalonic encephalopathy pathway, medium chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (mcad), carnitine palmitoyl transferase deficiency (II), and carnitine palmitoyl transferase deficiency (I). 
it is a cephalosporin antibiotic containing at the 7beta-position of the cephem skeleton an (R)-amino(phenyl)acetamido group. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent. It is a cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic allergen. it Anhydrous is the anhydrous form of it, a semisynthetic first-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a 3beta-sterol, a member of phytosterols, an ergostanoid and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. Campesterol is a steroid derivative that is the simplest sterol, characterized by the hydroxyl group in position C-3 of the steroid skeleton, and saturated bonds throughout the sterol structure, with the exception of the 5-6 double bond in the B ring. 
it is a metal sulfate composed of potassium, aluminium and sulfate ions in the ration 1:1:2. It has a role as a flame retardant, a mordant and an astringent. It is a metal sulfate, an aluminium salt and a potassium salt. It contains an aluminium(3+). 
Ginsenoside RB2 belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Ginsenoside RB2 exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ginsenoside RB2 is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, ginsenoside RB2 can be found in tea. This makes ginsenoside RB2 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is phenothiazine substituted at nitrogen by a methyl group and at C-2 by a carboxymethyl group. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a drug allergen. It derives from a 10H-phenothiazine. 
it is the common cooking ginger, an herbaceous perennial with upright stems and narrow medium green leaves arranged in two ranks on each stem. Ginger grows from an aromatic tuberlike rhizome (underground stem) which is warty and branched. Ginger root is widely used around the world as a spice or food additive. It has been used in Asia for thousands of years for relief from arthritis, rheumatism, sprains, muscular aches and pains, catarrh, congestion, coughs, sinusitis, sore throats, diarrhea, colic, cramps, indigestion, loss of appetite, motion sickness, fever, flu, chills, and infectious disease. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of 5-acetamido-4-hydroxy-3-(phenyldiazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonic acid. It has a role as a histological dye. It contains a 5-acetamido-4-hydroxy-3-(phenyldiazenyl)naphthalene-2,7-disulfonate. 
Dithionitrobenzoic acid is an organic disulfide that results from the formal oxidative dimerisation of 2-nitro-5-thiobenzoic acid. An indicator used to quantify the number or concentration of thiol groups. It has a role as an indicator. It is a nitrobenzoic acid and an organic disulfide. 
it is the hydrate that is the monohydrate of the cephalosporin cefadroxil. It contains a cefadroxil. Cefadroxil is a semi-synthetic, beta-lactam, first-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefadroxil binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI). It was under research for the treatment of depression in 1960 and 1970 but it was never marketed. it presents a similar structure to [citalopram]. 
it is a member of the class of morpholines that is morpholine substituted at the nitrogen atom by a 3-(4-butoxyphenoxy)propyl group. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It is a member of morpholines and an aromatic ether. it is a morpholine derivative with local anesthetic property. it decreases the permeability of the neuronal membrane to sodium ions by reversibly binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels. This results in stabilization of the membrane and, thereby inhibiting the ionic fluxes required for membrane depolarization, hence resulting in the failure to initiate a propagated action potential and subsequent conduction blockade. 
it, is a colorless to white crystalline solid which will fume in air. Often shipped with inhibitor to prevent polymerization. It reacts violently with water to form sulfuric acid with the release of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It causes eye and skin burns. Ingestion causes severe burns of mouth esophagus and stomach. The vapor is very toxic by inhalation. It is a fire risk when in contact with organic materials such as wood, cotton, fiberboard, etc. 
it is a member of the class of acetamides that is the N-acetyl-deriavtive of cysteamine. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a cysteamine. 
P-nitrosodimethylaniline appears as a dark green crystalline solid. Insoluble in water. Harmful if ingested. it is the 4-nitroso derivative of N,N-dimethylaniline. It is a N,N-dimethylaniline and a nitroso compound. 
it appears as a yellow solid. Emits toxic oxides of nitrogen fumes when heated to decomposition. Toxic by skin absorption, inhalation or ingestion. Soluble in alcohol, acetone, ether and solutions of sodium or potassium hydroxides. it is a hydroxytoluene that is o-cresol carrying nitro substituents at positions 4 and 6. It has a role as a dinitrophenol insecticide, a fungicide and a herbicide. It is a dinitrophenol acaricide, a nitrotoluene and a hydroxytoluene. It derives from an o-cresol and a 2,4-dinitrophenol. 
it is a pyrimidine nucleoside in which cytosine is attached to D-arabinofuranose via a beta-N(1)-glycosidic bond. Used mainly in the treatment of leukaemia, especially acute non-lymphoblastic leukaemia, it is an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent that inhibits the synthesis of DNA. It also has antiviral and immunosuppressant properties. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antimetabolite, an antiviral agent and an immunosuppressive agent. It is a beta-D-arabinoside, a pyrimidine nucleoside and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from a cytosine. it is an antimetabolite analogue of cytidine with a modified sugar moiety (arabinose instead of ribose). it is converted to the triphosphate form within the cell and then competes with cytidine for incorporation into DNA. Because the arabinose sugar sterically hinders the rotation of the molecule within DNA, DNA replication ceases, specifically during the S phase of the cell cycle. This agent also inhibits DNA polymerase, resulting in a decrease in DNA replication and repair. (NCI04) 
it is the glycine conjugate of lithocholic acid. It is a bile acid glycine conjugate and a N-acylglycine. It derives from a lithocholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a glycolithocholate. 
it is a seco-cholestane that is 26,27-cyclo-9,10-secocholesta-5,7,10,22-tetraene carrying additional hydroxy substituents at positions 1, 3 and 24. It is used (as its hydrate) in combination with betamethasone dipropionate, a corticosteroid, for the topical treatment of plaque psoriasis in adult patients. It has a role as a drug allergen and an antipsoriatic. It is a member of cyclopropanes, a secondary alcohol, a triol, a hydroxy seco-steroid and a seco-cholestane. it is a synthetic vitamin D derivative usually formulated for topical dermatological use, antipsoriatic it (it) competes equally with active 1,25-hydroxy-2D3 (the natural form of vitamin D) for 1,25-hydroxy-2D3 receptors in regulating cell proliferation and differentiation. It induces differentiation and suppresses proliferation of keratinocytes, reversing abnormal keratinocyte changes in psoriasis, and leads to normalization of epidermal growth. (NCI04) 
UDP-4-Dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose, also known as udp-4-keto-6-deoxy-D-glucose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine nucleotide sugars. These are pyrimidine nucleotides bound to a saccharide derivative through the terminal phosphate group. UDP-4-Dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, UDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose can be found in a number of food items such as macadamia nut, lemon thyme, european plum, and colorado pinyon. This makes UDP-4-dehydro-6-deoxy-D-glucose a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Slightly less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Poisonous by ingestion and mildly toxic by inhalation and skin contact. Very irritating to skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
Chromic acid, solution appears as a dark red aqueous liquid. Corrosive to metals and tissue. Confirmed human carcinogen. it is a chromium oxoacid. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrogen dichromate. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines that is agmatine acetylated at the N4-position. It is an acetamide and a member of guanidines. It derives from an agmatine. 
it is an analogue of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. it intercalates into DNA and interacts with topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. This agent is less cardiotoxic than doxorubicin and exhibits activity against some doxorubicin-resistant cell lines. (NCI04) 
it, also known as Î‘-it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a woody tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as star anise, sweet basil, pepper (spice), and allspice. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that consists of flavan bearing an oxo substituent at position 4. It derives from a hydride of a flavan. 
it, also known as endoxin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleosides. Pyrimidine 2', 3'-dideoxyribonucleosides are compounds consisting of a pyrimidine linked to a ribose which lacks a hydroxyl group at positions 2 and 3. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a sesquiterpenoid that is laurinterol in which the bromo group has been replaced by a hydrogen. Isolated from Laurencia intermedia and Aplysia kurodai, it exhibits antimicrobial activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and an EC 3.6.3.9 (Na(+)/K(+)-transporting ATPase) inhibitor. It is a member of phenols and a sesquiterpenoid. It derives from a laurinterol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as physalins and derivatives. These are steroidal constituents of Physalis plants which possess an unusual 13, 14-seco-16, 24-cyclo-steroidal ring skeleton (where the bond that is normally present between the 13 and 14 positions in other steroids is broken while a new bond between positions 16 and 24 is formed). it exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, physalin O is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, physalin O can be found in fruits. This makes physalin O a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a C20 hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid having (5S)-, (6R)- and (15R)-hydroxy groups as well as (7E)- (9E)-, (11Z)- and (13E)-double bonds. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a lipoxin, a long-chain fatty acid and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
N-Methylene-ethenamine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as propargyl-type 1, 3-dipolar organic compounds. These are organic 1, 3-dipolar compounds with the general structure X#N+-Z- <-> X-=N+=Z <-> X-=N-Z+ <-> X-N=Z (X = C or O, Z = C, N, or O). N-Methylene-ethenamine is slightly soluble (in water) and a very strong basic compound (based on its pKa). 
A lipoxygenase metabolite of ARACHIDONIC ACID. It is a highly selective ligand used to label mu-opioid receptors in both membranes and tissue sections. The 12-S-HETE analog has been reported to augment tumor cell metastatic potential through activation of protein kinase C. (J Pharmacol Exp Ther 1995; 274(3):1545-51; J Natl Cancer Inst 1994; 86(15):1145-51) 
it is a biflavonoid that is obtained by oxidative coupling of two molecules of apigenin resulting in a bond between positions C-3 of the hydroxyphenyl ring and C-6 of the chromene ring. Isolated from Thuja orientalis and Rhus succedanea it exhibits antioxidant, cytotoxic and anti-hepatitis B activity. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-HBV agent and a metabolite. It is a biflavonoid, a hydroxyflavone and a ring assembly. 
it is a piperidine and sulfamoylbenzamide-based diuretic with thiazide-like diuretic activity. it appears to work in a similar manner as the thiazide diuretics and has a similar potency as chlorothiazide and hydrochlorothiazide. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is flavanone with a hydroxy substituent at the 3-position. It is a member of its and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03695094 (A Study in Participants With Epilepsy, to Evaluate the Pharmacokinetics, Safety and Tolerability of Oxcarbazepine on it). 
it is a green powder. It is insoluble in water. It is toxic by ingestion. It is used in insecticides. 
it is a pentacyclic ortho- and peri-fused polycyclic arene consisting of a dihydrocyclopenta[ij]tetraphene ring system with a methyl substituent at the 3-position. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and an aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonist. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a sharp odor. Lethal by inhalation of even small quantities of vapor. Does not have odor warning characteristics at low concentrations. Do not rely on the sense of smell to warn about the presence of vapors. Denser than water. May cause tearing and irritate the eyes, skin, nose and throat. it is an isothiocyanate having a methyl group attached to the nitrogen. It is also the active nematicide of the pronematicide metam-sodium. It has a role as a fumigant, a nematicide and a lachrymator. 
it is an antiviral drug developed by Shionogi Co., a Japanese pharmaceutical company and Roche for the treatment of influenza A and influenza B infections. The drug was initially approved for use in Japan in February 2018 and approved by the FDA on October 24, 2018, for the treatment of acute uncomplicated influenza in patients 12 years of age and older who have been symptomatic for no more than 48 hours. it, a cap-endonuclease inhibitor,  has a unique mechanism of action when compared to the currently existing neuraminidase inhibitor drug class used to treat influenza infections. 
it is an aminoimidazole that is 1H-imidazole substituted by an amino group at position 4. It derives from a hydride of a 1H-imidazole. 
it is the bile acid taurine conjugate of lithocholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid amide and a bile acid taurine conjugate. It derives from a lithocholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a taurolithocholate. 
it is a cyclic spermidine alkaloid that is 2-phenyl-1,5,9-triazacyclotridecan-4-one in which the amino hydrogen at position 9 has been replaced by a benzoyl group. It is a member of benzamides, a spermidine alkaloid, a lactam and an azamacrocycle. 
it is the alkanesulfonate that is the anion formed from isethionic acid by loss of a proton from the sulfo group; major microspecies at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of an isethionic acid. 
it is a synthetic nonapeptide analogue of the natural gonadotrophin releasing hormone (GnRH) with potential antineoplastic activity. Deslorelin binds to and activates pituitary gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) receptors. Continuous, prolonged administration of goserelin in males results in pituitary GnRH receptor desensitization and inhibition of pituitary secretion of follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH), leading to a significant decline in testosterone production; in females, prolonged administration results in a decrease in estradiol production. (NCI04) 
it is a member of thiadiazoles and a tetrahydropyridine. It has a role as a muscarinic agonist and a serotonergic agonist. 
it is a carbamate ester that is phenylcarbamic acid in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group has been replaced by a 3-[(ethoxycarbonyl)amino]phenyl group. It is an agrochemical used as a herbicide. It has a role as a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a herbicide and an agrochemical. It derives from a phenylcarbamic acid. 
it is an N-alkylpiperazine that consists of (2-methoxyphenyl)piperazine in which the amine hydrogen is substituted by a 4-(2-phthalimido)butyl group. It has a role as a serotonergic antagonist. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a N-arylpiperazine and a member of phthalimides. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
5-N-Pentacosylresorcinol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as resorcinols. Resorcinols are compounds containing a resorcinol moiety, which is a benzene ring bearing two hydroxyl groups at positions 1 and 3. 5-N-Pentacosylresorcinol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 5-N-Pentacosylresorcinol has been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, 5-N-pentacosylresorcinol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 5-N-pentacosylresorcinol can be found in a number of food items such as barley, oat, pasta, and common wheat. This makes 5-N-pentacosylresorcinol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a hexapeptide consisting of L-tyrosine, L-lysine, L-histidine, L-proline and L-isoleucine amino acid residues coupled in sequence and in which the amino group of the L-tyrosyl residue is substituted by a (pyridin-3-ylcarbonyl)nitrilo group and in which the L-lysyl side chain amino group is substituted by a {N(2)-[(benzyloxy)carbonyl]-L-arginyl}nitrilo group. It is a potent angiotensin II receptor type 2 (AT2 receptor) agonist. It has a role as an angiotensin receptor agonist, a vasodilator agent, an antineoplastic agent, an anti-inflammatory agent and a neuroprotective agent. It is an oligopeptide, a benzyl ester and a pyridinecarboxamide. 
it is an aldoheptose phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
Amygdalin is a disaccharide derivative, a cyanogenic glycoside and a gentiobioside. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a prunasin. Amygdalin is a cyanogenic glucoside isolated from almonds and seeds of other plants of the family Rosaceae. Amygdalin is converted by plant emulsin (a combination of a glucosidase and a nitrilase) or hydrochloric acid into benzaldehyde, D-glucose, and hydrocyanic acid. (NCI04) 
it is a hexadecenoic acid in which the double bond is located at position 6 (the Z-geoisomer). A major component of human sebaceous lipids that is involved in skin self-sterilisation and atopic dermatitis amelioration. It has a role as an antibacterial agent, an antipsoriatic and a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a sapienate. 
it is flavone substituted with hydroxy groups at C-4', -5, -6 and -7. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from an apigenin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as eremophilane, 8, 9-secoeremophilane and furoeremophilane sesquiterpenoids. These are sesquiterpenoids with a structure based either on the eremophilane skeleton, its 8, 9-seco derivative, or the furoeremophilane skeleton. Eremophilanes have been shown to be derived from eudesmanes by migration of the methyl group at C-10 to C-5. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in giant butterbur, green vegetables, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless to light yellow liquid. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Used to make other chemicals and as a photographic chemical. 
This solid peroxide is sensitive to heat. Storage of this material must be done so with stringent temperature control measures. Its explosion hazard is also mitigated by mixing the peroxide in a water slurry. 
it is an L-tryptophan derivative that is L-tryptophan with a methoxy substituent at position 5. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-tryptophan. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an L-cysteine thioether that is L-cysteine in which the hydrogen of the thiol group has been replaced by a carboxymethyl group. It has a role as a mucolytic. It is a L-cysteine thioether and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a S-carboxylatomethyl-L-cysteine(1-). 
it is an erythromycin that consists of erythronolide B having 2,6-dideoxy-3-C-methyl-3-O-methyl-alpha-L-ribo-hexopyranosyl and 3,4,6-trideoxy-3-(dimethylamino)-beta-D-xylo-hexopyranosyl residues attahced at positions 4 and 6 respectively. It derives from an erythronolide B. 
A group of 16-member MACROLIDES which stabilize MICROTUBULES in a manner similar to PACLITAXEL. They were originally found in the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum, now renamed to Polyangium (MYXOCOCCALES). 
it is a 2-hydroxy fatty acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of 2-hydroxydodecanoic acid. The major microspecies at pH 7.3 It derives from a dodecanoate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxydodecanoic acid. 
Deoxynivalenol is a trichothecene mycotoxin produced by Fusarium to which wheat, barley, maize (corn) and their products are susceptible to contamination. It has a role as a mycotoxin. It is a trichothecene, a cyclic ketone, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone, a primary alcohol, an enone and a triol. 
3-Chlorotyrosine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tyrosine and derivatives. Tyrosine and derivatives are compounds containing tyrosine or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of tyrosine at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. 3-Chlorotyrosine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Chlorotyrosine has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, 3-chlorotyrosine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
5-(6-Hydroxy-1-benzofuran-2-yl)-4-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)benzene-1, 3-diol, also known as demethyl-moracin i, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. 5-(6-Hydroxy-1-benzofuran-2-yl)-4-(3-methylbut-2-en-1-yl)benzene-1, 3-diol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a beta-bitter acid in which the acyl group is specified as isobutanoyl. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Poly(glycerol phosphate) anion is a polyanionic polymer obtained by global deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups of poly(glycerol phosphate). It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a polyanionic polymer and an organophosphate oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a poly(glycerol phosphate) macromolecule. 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclic ketones. These are organic compounds containing a ketone that is conjugated to a cyclic moiety (Â±)-it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
1-(2,4-dichlorobenzoyl)-1H-1,2,3-benzotriazole is a member of the class of benzamides that is obtained by the formal condensation of 2,4-dichlorobenzoic acid and benzotriazole. It acts as an inhibitor for tubulin acetylation mediated by trichostatin A. It has a role as an inhibitor. It is a member of benzotriazoles, a member of benzamides and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a 2,4-dichlorobenzoic acid and a benzotriazole. 
(E)-hex-2-enyl acetate is an acetate ester resulting from the formal condensation of the hydroxy group of (E)-hex-2-en-1-ol with the carboxy group of acetic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a flavouring agent. It is an acetate ester and an olefinic compound. It derives from an (E)-hex-2-en-1-ol. 
it is an alkane that is octane substituted by methyl groups at positions 3 and 5. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an octane. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Insoluble in water and denser than water. May be toxic by ingestion. Used as a solvent and as a motor fuel. it is a member of the class of bromomethanes that is methane substituted by two bromo groups. It is produced by marine algae. It has a role as a marine metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a member of bromomethanes and a bromohydrocarbon. 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 4 and methoxy groups at positions 2 and 6 respectively. It is a member of phenols, a dimethoxybenzene and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the naturally occurring sympathomimetic amine with vasoconstricting, intraocular pressure-reducing, and bronchodilating activities. By stimulating vascular alpha-adrenergic receptors, epinephrine causes vasoconstriction, thereby increasing vascular resistance and blood pressure. When administered in the conjunctiva, this agent binds to alpha-adrenergic receptors in the iris sphincter muscle, resulting in vasoconstriction, a decrease in the production of aqueous humor, and a lowering of intraocular pressure. Through its beta1 receptor-stimulating actions, epinephrine increases the force and rate of myocardial contraction and relaxes bronchial smooth muscle, resulting in bronchodilation. 
it is an alpha-N-substituted L-arginine, a member of guanidines and an amino dicarboxylic acid. It is a tautomer of a it dizwitterion. 
it is an aminopyrimidine that is 2-ethylaminopyrimidin-4-one carrying butyl and methyl substituents at positions 5 and 6 respectively. A fungicide first marketed in 1970 and used as a seed treatment for diseaases such as damping-off, it is not licensed for use within the European Union. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an aminopyrimidine, a pyrimidone, a secondary amino compound and a pyrimidine fungicide. 
it is a carotenol that is carotenol psi,psi-carotene substituted by a hydroxy group. It derives from a hydride of a lycopene. 
it is the dihydrochloride salt of betazole. It has a role as a histamine agonist, a diagnostic agent and a gastrointestinal drug. It is a hydrochloride and a member of pyrazoles. It contains a betazole. it is the hydrochloride salt form of betazole, a histamine H2 receptor agonist with diagnostic application. Betazole selectively targets and binds to the H2 receptor, thereby mimicking the effect of histamine on these receptors. This may lead to an increase in gastric secretions. Betazole can be used in gastric function tests. 
Beta-alanyl-L-lysine zwitterion is a dipeptide zwitterion resulting from the transfer of a proton from the carboxy group to the amino group of beta-alanyl-L-lysine. It is a conjugate base of a beta-alanyl-L-lysinium. It is a tautomer of a beta-alanyl-L-lysine. 
it appears as colorless crystals. Non corrosive when dry. Used as a selective systemic herbicide. it is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine that is 2-chloro-1,3,5-triazine substituted by an ethyl amino and a (2-cyanopropan-2-yl)amino group at positions 6 and 4 respectively. It has a role as a herbicide, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a 1,3,5-triazinylamino nitrile and a chloro-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is an ether consists of a hexane chain substituted by a methoxy and a methyl group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a hexane. 
it is a withanolide that is 5,6:22,26-diepoxyergosta-2,24-diene-1,26-dione substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4 and 27 (the 4beta,5beta,6beta,22R stereoisomer). Isolated from Physalis longifolia, it exhibits cytotoxic activity. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an apoptosis inducer. It is a delta-lactone, a 4-hydroxy steroid, an enone, an ergostanoid, a secondary alcohol, a withanolide, a 27-hydroxy steroid, a primary alcohol and an epoxy steroid. 
it is a lactam that is 4-hydroxyazacyclotetradecan-2-one substituted by an ethyl group at position 11, methyl groups at position 3 and 7 and a 3-amino-3,6-dideoxy-alpha-L-talopyranosyl moiety at position 4 via a glycosyl linkage (the 3R,4S,7R,11S stereoisomer). It is isolated from the fermentation broth of an unidentified actinomycete species and exhibits potent inhibitory activity against influenza A virus. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an EC 3.2.1.18 (exo-alpha-sialidase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is an aminoglycoside, a lactam and a macrocycle. 
it is a meroterpenoid that is ferruginol which has been substituted by an alpha-hydroxy group at position 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a carbotricyclic compound and a meroterpenoid. It derives from a ferruginol. 
it is the hydrobromide salt of darifenacin. A selective antagonist for the M3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor, which is primarily responsible for bladder muscle contractions, it is used in the management of urinary incontinence. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. It contains a darifenacin. 
it appears as brown crystals or dark brown solid. Characteristic amine odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a substituted aniline that is aniline in which the hydrogen para to the amino group has been replaced by a methoxy group. It is used as a reagent for the detection of oxidation products such as aldehydes and ketones in fats and oils. It has a role as a reagent and a genotoxin. It is a member of methoxybenzenes, a substituted aniline and a primary amino compound. 
it is an organic sodium salt that is the disodium salt of cromoglycic acid. It has a role as an anti-asthmatic drug and a drug allergen. It contains a cromoglycate(2-). it is the sodium salt form of cromolyn, a mast cell stabilizer with anti-inflammatory activity. it probably interferes with the antigen-stimulated calcium transport across the mast cell membrane, thereby inhibiting mast cell release of histamine, leukotrienes, and other substances that cause hypersensitivity reactions. it also inhibits eosinophil chemotaxis. 
it is a serine/cysteine protease inhibitor originally isolated from various strains of actinomycetes. Early studies investigated the potential for antipain to alter DNA damage and chromosomal aberrations in irradiated cells or those treated with chemical mutagens such as N-methyl-N'-nitro-N-nitrosoguanidine (MNNG).  it was used in 2010 to obtain a crystal structure of the Leishmania major oligopeptidase B (OPB), a serine protease that serves as a virulence factor in trypanosomatids. The binding of antipain to OPB has been used in molecular dynamic studies to identify other OPB inhibitors with more favourable pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties for potential development as anti-trypanosomatid drugs. 
it is a bright orange colored powder. It is insoluble in water. It is toxic by ingestion and inhalation, and is irritating to skin and eyes. It is used to make medicated shampoos. Selenium Sulfide is an orange-yellow powder that is soluble in carbon disulfide and practically insoluble in both water and organic solvents. Selenium sulfide is used as an ingredient in antidandruff shampoos and as a constituent of fungicides. When heated to decomposition, it emits toxic fumes of sulfur oxides and selenium. The primary routes of potential human exposure to selenium sulfide are dermal contact and inhalation. Contact with selenium sulfide can cause severe redness or irritation of the skin. It is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase Akt (protein kinase B) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the activity of Akt, which may result in inhibition of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway and tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. Activation of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis and dysregulated PI3K/Akt signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an acrid odor. Flash point 86Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors irritate eyes and respiratory system. May polymerize exothermically if heated or contaminated. If polymerization takes place inside a container, the container may rupture violently. 
it is a triterpenoid saponin that is hederagenin attached to an alpha-L-arabinopyranosyl residue at position 3 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a triterpenoid saponin, a monosaccharide derivative, a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and an alpha-L-arabinopyranoside. It derives from a hederagenin. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it is a spiroketal resulting from the formal condensation of the keto group of cyclohexanone with the hydroxy groups of 1-(2,3-dihydroxypropyl)guanidine. A postganglionic adrenergic blocking agent formerly used (generally as the sulfate salt) for the management of hypertension, it has been largely superseded by other drugs less likely to cause orthostatic hypotension (dizzy spells on standing up or stretching). It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an adrenergic antagonist. It is a member of guanidines and a spiroketal. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
Bacitracin a belongs to the class of organic compounds known as polypeptides. These are peptides containing ten or more amino acid residues. Bacitracin a is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, bacitracin a is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01983566 (Effect of Food and Increased Gastric pH Value on Bioavailability of a Single Dose of it in Healthy Caucasian and Japanese Subjects). 
it is an amino-acid betaine that is trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline zwitterion in which both of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen have been replaced by methyl groups. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an amino-acid betaine, a secondary alcohol and a pyrrolidine alkaloid. It derives from a trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline zwitterion. 
it is a 14-membered macrocyclic diterpene carrying an isopropyl group at C-1 and three symmetrically disposed methyl groups at C-4, -8 and -12. 
it, also known as LAL, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Amyloid-beta polypeptide 40 is a beta-amyloid that is a 40 amino acid polypeptide of sequence Asp Ala Glu Phe Arg His Asp Ser Gly Tyr Glu Val His His Gln Lys Leu Val Phe Phe Ala Glu Asp Val Gly Ser Asn Lys Gly Ala Ile Ile Gly Leu Met Val Gly Gly Val Val. 
it is an indolecarboxylate and a dihydroxyindole. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 5,6-dihydroxyindole-2-carboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 5,6-dioxidoindole-2-carboxylate. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of (2S)-2-({[(2-isopropyl-1,3-thiazol-4-yl)methyl](methyl)carbamoyl}amino)-4-(morpholin-4-yl)butanoic acid with the amino group of 1,3-thiazol-5-ylmethyl [(2R,5R)-5-amino-1,6-diphenylhexan-2-yl]carbamate. Acts as a pharmacoenhancer in treatment of HIV-1 by inhibiting P450 enzymes that metabolise other medications.. It has a role as a P450 inhibitor. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, a member of morpholines, a member of ureas, a carbamate ester and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a cytochrome P450 3A (CYP3A) inhibitor that can be used to enhance the pharmacokinetic profile of certain anti-HIV-1 agents. Upon administration, it inhibits the liver enzyme CYP3A4 and limits the breakdown of co-administered agents that are metabolized by CYP3A4, and increases the concentration, systemic exposure and efficacy of the co-administered agent. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavanone that is (S)-naringenin substituted by an additional hydroxy group at position 6. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a pyranine(3-). It derives from a hydride of a pyrene. 
it is an anabolic androgenic steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a fluorinated steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an anabolic agent. it is a halogenated derivative of 17-alpha-methyltestosterone. Similar to testosterone, it binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors, resulting in an increase in protein anabolism, a decrease in amino acid catabolism, and retention of nitrogen, potassium, and phosphorus. This agent also may competitively inhibit prolactin receptors and estrogen receptors, thereby inhibiting the growth of hormone-dependent tumor lines. it is approximately five times more potent than methyltestosterone. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as secondary alcohols. Secondary alcohols are compounds containing a secondary alcohol functional group, with the general structure HOC(R)(R') (R, R'=alkyl, aryl). it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate that is the 2'- deoxy derivative of cytidine 5'-diphosphate (CDP). It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate. It derives from a CDP. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). 
it is an isothiocyanate having a phenethyl group attached to the nitrogen. It is a naturally occurring compound found in some cruciferous vegetables (e.g. watercress) and is known to possess anticancer properties. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a metabolite and an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor. Phenethyl Isothiocyanate is an isothiocyanate found in cruciferous vegetables with chemopreventive and potential antitumor activities. Although the mechanism of action is unclear, phenethyl Isothiocyanate (PEITC) was shown to induce apoptosis in tumor cells, possibly mediated through its metabolic intermediates, reactive oxygen species (ROS). PEITC also is able to activate ERK and JNK signal transduction, which in turn induces expression of stress-responsive genes. Specifically, this agent has been shown to reactivate gene expression of a detoxification enzyme, glutathione S-transferase that is silenced in prostate carcinoma. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of pseudoephedrine, a phenethylamine and an diastereomer of ephedrine with sympathomimetic property. it displaces norepinephrine from storage vesicles in presynaptic neurones, thereby releasing norepinephrine into the neuronal synapses where it stimulates primarily alpha-adrenergic receptors. It also has weak direct agonist activity at alpha- and beta- adrenergic receptors. Receptor stimulation results in vasoconstriction and decreases nasal and sinus congestion. 
Cinchonidine is 8-epi-Cinchonan in which a hydrogen at position 9 is substituted by hydroxy (R configuration). A diasteroisomer of cinchonine, it occurs in the bark of most varieties of Cinchona shrubs, and is frequently used for directing chirality in asymmetric synthesis. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a cinchona alkaloid and an (8xi)-cinchonan-9-ol. It derives from a hydride of an (8S)-cinchonan. 
it is a butan-4-olide having an amino substituent at the 2-position. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a primary amino compound and a butan-4-olide. It is a conjugate base of a homoserinium lactone. 
ite is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. ite's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefpodoxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it is an indolyl carbohydrate that is glucobrassicin methoxy substituted at position 1 of the indole moiety. It is an indolyl carbohydrate and an indolylmethylglucosinolic acid. It derives from a glucobrassicin. It is a conjugate acid of a neoglucobrassicin(1-). 
it is a spirostanyl glycoside that consists of the trisaccharide alpha-L-Rha-(1->4)-[alpha-L-Rha-(1->2)]-beta-D-Glc attached to position 3 of 26-(beta-D-glucopyranosyloxy)-3beta,22-dihydroxyfurost-5-ene via a glycosidic linkage. Found in several plant species including yams, asparagus and funugreek. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a steroid saponin, a trisaccharide derivative, a beta-D-glucoside, a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a cyclic hemiketal. It derives from a diosgenin. It derives from a hydride of a spirostan. 
it is a tertiary amine that is N-methyl-1-naphthalenemethylamine in which the amino hydrogen is replaced by a 3-(tertbutylethynyl)allyl group. An antifungal agent administered orally (generally as the hydrochloride salt) for the treatment of skin and nail infections. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor, a P450 inhibitor and a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a tertiary amine, an acetylenic compound, a member of naphthalenes, an enyne and an allylamine antifungal drug. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a synthetic allylamine derivative with antifungal activity. it exerts its effect through inhibition of squalene epoxidase, thereby blocking the biosynthesis of ergosterol, an important component of fungal cell membranes. As a result, this agent disrupts fungal cell membrane synthesis and inhibits fungal growth. 
2, 6-Dimethyl-2, 4, 6-octatriene, also known as allo-ocimene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenes that do not contain a cycle. 2, 6-Dimethyl-2, 4, 6-octatriene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 2, 6-Dimethyl-2, 4, 6-octatriene has been primarily detected in saliva. Outside of the human body, 2, 6-dimethyl-2, 4, 6-octatriene can be found in parsnip, sweet basil, and tarragon. This makes 2, 6-dimethyl-2, 4, 6-octatriene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-lysine and L-aspartic acid residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-lysine and a L-aspartic acid. 
it is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate having 5-bromouracil as the pyrimidine component. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate and an organobromine compound. It derives from an UTP. 
it is an N-alkylpiperazine in which one nitrogen of the piperazine ring is substituted by a methyl group, while the other is substituted by a diphenylmethyl group. It has a role as an antiemetic, a cholinergic antagonist, a central nervous system depressant, a local anaesthetic and a H1-receptor antagonist. 
it is trianion of thiamine(1+) diphosphate arising from deprotonation of the four OH groups of the triphosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a thiamine(1+) triphosphate. 
it is a member of muramic acids. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It derives from a N-acetylmuramic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetylmuramate 6-phosphate. 
it is a 2,4-dichloro-1,3,5-triazine with a multi-substituted napthalen-1-ylamino substituent at the 6-position. It has a role as a dye. It is an azo compound and a chloro-1,3,5-triazine. 
it is a dark, yellow, oily liquid with a characteristic sulfur odor. It is a water emulsifiable liquid. It is toxic by inhalation, skin absorption, and/or ingestion. Exposure to skin or eyes may cause burns. It is combustible but does not ignite easily. When exposed to high temperature this material may emit toxic fumes. It is used as a pesticide. May be found in the form of a dry mixture where the liquid is absorbed onto a dry carrier. it is an organic thiophosphate that is the diethyl ester of S-[2-(ethylsulfanyl)ethyl] dihydrogen phosphorodithioate. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an acaricide and an agrochemical. It is an organic thiophosphate and an organothiophosphate insecticide. 
it is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein inhibitor, approved in veterinary use for weight loss and reduction of hyperlipidemia in dogs. 
it is a phenylpropanoid that is eugenol in which the phenolic hydrogen has been replaced by a sulfo group. It is an aryl sulfate, a monomethoxybenzene and a phenylpropanoid. It derives from a eugenol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a member of the class of imidazoles that is 1H-imidazole substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 4. It is a primary alcohol and a member of imidazoles. 
it is dianion of 1-palmitoyl-sn-glycerol 3-phosphate arising from deprotonation of both OH groups of the phosphate. It is a 1-palmitoylglycerol 3-phosphate(2-) and a 1-acyl-sn-glycerol 3-phosphate(2-). It is a conjugate base of a 1-palmitoyl-sn-glycerol 3-phosphate. 
it is an anticonflict & anticonvulsant quinoline derivative. It is an anxiolytic drug that was never marketed. It presents a unique chemical structure that does not follow the structural properties of other drugs of its class. it has a similar pharmacological profile to the reported for the benzodiazepines. However, it presents a significant set of anxiolytic properties with a very little sedative, amnestic or anticonvulsant effect. Due to these differences, this drug is classified as a nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic. 
A physiologically active metabolite of VITAMIN D. The compound is involved in the regulation of calcium metabolism, alkaline phosphatase activity, and enhancing the calcemic effect of CALCITRIOL. 
it is a C-glycosyl compound that is apigenin substituted by a beta-D-glucosyl group and a beta-D-xylosyl group at positions 6 and 8 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a C-glycosyl compound and a trihydroxyflavone. It derives from an isovitexin. 
it is a polyketide isolated from fungi that is a potent inhibitor of fungal and mammalian squalene synthase. It has a role as an EC 2.5.1.21 (squalene synthase) inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. It is a tricarboxylic acid, an acetate ester, a cyclic ketal, an oxabicycloalkane, a tertiary alcohol and a polyketide. 
it is an alkaloid ester, a methyl ester, a benzoate ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a yohimban alkaloid. It derives from a hydride of a yohimban. it is an ester alkaloid derived from Rauwolfia canescens with antihypertensive activity. it is a competitive inhibitor of the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE). By competing with angiotensin I for ACE, it blocks the conversion of angiotensin I to angiotensin II, which is a potent vasoconstrictor. Reduced level of serum angiotensin II causes a decrease in blood pressure. it also decreases angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex. 
it is the 5-diphospho derivative of (R)-mevalonic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a mevalonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-5-diphosphonatomevalonate(4-). 
it is a white granular powder. Melting point 153Â°F. Slightly soluble in water. Sublimes slowly at 750 mm Hg when heated to melting point. it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is the 1,8-dicarboxy derivative of octane. It has a role as a human metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a sebacate(2-) and a sebacate. It derives from a hydride of a decane. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound and guaianolide sesquiterpene lactone that is acrylic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a 4-hydroxy-3,8-dimethyl-1,3a,4,5,6,7-hexahydroazulen-5-yl group in which the double bond in the 7-membered ring has been epoxidised and in which the hydroxy group and the carboxy group have undergone formal condensation to give the corresponding gamma-lactone. It is found in Artemisia glabella. it-DMA HCl, the hydrochloride salt of the adduct resulting from the conjugate addition of dimethylamine to the ene-lactone moiety, has been successfully used in Khazakhstan for the treatment of breast, colon, ovarian and lung cancers. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, a gamma-lactone, an epoxide and a sesquiterpene lactone. 
it is a member of the class of 4-pyridones that is 4-pyridone substituted with a carboxamide group at C-3 and a methyl group at N-1. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a pyridinecarboxamide, a member of methylpyridines and a member of 4-pyridones. 
it is a chromium oxoanion resulting from the removal of two protons from chromic acid. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It is a divalent inorganic anion and a chromium oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenit. 
Pure white solid without appreciable odor. Used as an insecticide to protect cotton, fruit, vegetables and field crops. Not registered as a pesticide in the U.S. (EPA, 1998) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid comprising acrylic acid carrying a 3-amino substituent and having (Z)-stereochemistry. It derives from an acrylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (Z)-3-it. 
CDP is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate having cytosine as the nucleobase. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a pyrimidine ribonucleoside 5'-diphosphate and a cytidine 5'-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a CDP(3-). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diphenylmethanes. Diphenylmethanes are compounds containing a diphenylmethane moiety, which consists of a methane wherein two hydrogen atoms are replaced by two phenyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, N-desmethyldiphenhydramine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxylic acid group of 2,4,5-trimethyl-3-furoic acid with the amino group of aniline. An obsolete fungicide formerly used to control Basidiomycetes pathogens on cereal crops. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is an anilide, a secondary carboxamide, a member of furans and a furanilide fungicide. 
it is the dianion resulting from the removal of two protons from clondronic acid. It is a conjugate base of a clodronic acid. 
it appears as colorless leaflets or plates or coarse gold powder with a greenish-yellow fluorescence. May reasonably be expected to be a carcinogen. it is an angular ortho-fused polycyclic arene consisting of four fused benzene rings. It is an ortho-fused polycyclic arene and a member of tetraphenes. it is a crystalline, aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of four fused benzene rings, produced by incomplete combustion of organic matter. Benz(a)anthracene is primarily found in gasoline and diesel exhaust, tobacco and cigarette smoke, coal tar and coal tar pitch, coal combustion emissions, charcoal-broiled foods, amino acids, fatty acids and carbohydrate pyrolysis products, wood and soot smoke, and creosote, asphalt and mineral oils. This substance is used only for research purposes. Benz(a)anthracene is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
its, inorganic, n.o.s. is a colorless to light colored solid. Slightly soluble in water and denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is a bromine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a bromic acid. 
A generic descriptor for all TOCOPHEROLS and TOCOTRIENOLS that exhibit ALPHA-TOCOPHEROL activity. By virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus, these compounds exhibit varying degree of antioxidant activity, depending on the site and number of methyl groups and the type of ISOPRENOIDS. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion arising from deprotonation of the diphosphate OH groups of thymidine 5'-diphosphate; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
An ionophorous, polyether antibiotic from Streptomyces chartreusensis. It binds and transports CALCIUM and other divalent cations across membranes and uncouples oxidative phosphorylation while inhibiting ATPase of rat liver mitochondria. The substance is used mostly as a biochemical tool to study the role of divalent cations in various biological systems. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 8-prenylated isoflavanones. These are isoflavanones featuring a C5-isoprenoid unit at the 8-position. Thus, it is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in herbs and spices, pulses, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the simplest member of the class of its that is chromane substituted by a phenyl group at position 2. 
it has been investigated for the treatment of Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS) and Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia (CMML). it is a synthetic small molecule that is both a peptidomimetic of second mitochondrial-derived activator of caspases (SMAC) and inhibitor of IAP (Inhibitor of Apoptosis Protein) family proteins, with potential antineoplastic activity. As a SMAC mimetic and IAP antagonist, it selectively binds to and inhibits the activity of IAPs, such as X chromosome-linked IAP (XIAP) and cellular IAPs 1 (cIAP1) and 2 (cIAP2), with a greater effect on cIAP1 than cIAP2. Since IAPs shield cancer cells from the apoptosis process, this agent may restore and promote the induction of apoptosis through apoptotic signaling pathways in cancer cells and inactivate the nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB)-mediated survival pathway. IAPs are overexpressed by many cancer cell types. They are able to suppress apoptosis by binding to, via their baculoviral lAP repeat (BIR) domains, and inhibiting active caspases-3, -7 and -9. IAP overexpression promotes both cancer cell survival and chemotherapy resistance. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as retrochalcones. These are a form of normal chalcones that are structurally distinguished by the lack of oxygen functionalities at the C2'- and C6'-positions. Thus, is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in citrus and lemon. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Ethoxylated dodecanol is a colorless to yellow oily liquid with a pleasant odor. Mixes slowly with water. Freezing point is 61Â°F. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a naphtho-gamma-pyrone that is fonsecin in which the hydroxy group at position 8 (meta to the methoxy group) has been converted to the corresponding methyl ether. Found in Aspergillus fonsecaeus. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a naphtho-gamma-pyrone, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols and a cyclic hemiketal. It derives from a fonsecin. 
it is a member of the class of triazoles that is 1,2,4-triazole substituted at position 1 by a tricyclohexylstannyl group. It is an organotin acaricide and a member of triazoles. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is quinoline-2-carboxylic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at C-4. It has a role as a G-protein-coupled receptor agonist, a NMDA receptor antagonist, a nicotinic antagonist, a neuroprotective agent, a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a monohydroxyquinoline and a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is a colorless oily liquid with a sharp alcohol odor. Floats and mixes with water. Produces irritating vapor. Freezing point is 78Â°F. (USCG, 1999) it is a tertiary alcohol alcohol that is isobutane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from a hydride of an isobutane. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 7-o-methylated isoflavonoids. These are isoflavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C7 atom of the isoflavonoid backbone. Isoflavonoids are natural products derived from 3-phenylchromen-4-one. Thus, isosativan is considered to be a flavonoid lipid molecule. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, isosativan is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, isosativan can be found in pulses. This makes isosativan a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosamine 6-sulfate is a galactosamine sulfate that is N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosamine in which the hydroxy group at position 6 has been converted into its sulfate derivative. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-beta-D-galactosamine 6-sulfate(1-). 
it is an oxysterol that is cholesterol substituted by a hydroxy group at position 20. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 20-hydroxy steroid, an oxysterol and a 3beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-steroid. 
it is a hydrated nitrate salt of the group IIIa element gallium with potential use in the treatment of malignancy-associated hypercalcemia. it localizes preferentially to areas of bone resorption and remodeling and inhibits osteoclast-mediated resorption by enhancing hydroxyapatite crystallization and reduction of bone mineral solubility. This agent also increases calcium and phosphorous deposition into bone and may increase collagen synthesis. (NCI04) 
it is a colorless solid with a tar like odor. Sinks and mixes slowly with water. (USCG, 1999) it is a cresol that consists of toluene substituted by a hydroxy group at position 4. It is a metabolite of aromatic amino acid metabolism produced by intestinal microflora in humans and animals. It has a role as a uremic toxin, a human metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it is a maleate salt obtained by combining acetophenazine with two molar equivalents of maleic acid. It has a role as a phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. It contains an acetophenazine. 
it is a tripeptide formed from L-valine, L-tyrosine and L-valine residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a C-glycosylated naphthoisochromene derivative obtained from Streptomyces ravidus; exhibits antibiotic and anticancer properties. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a naphthoisochromene, an aromatic ether, a member of phenols, an olefinic compound, a C-glycosyl compound, a tertiary amine and an acetate ester. 
it is a tetracenomycin that is 1-methyl-6,11-dioxo-6,11-dihydrotetracene-2-carboxylic acid bearing four hydroxy substituents at positions 3, 8, 10 and 12. It is a tetracenomycin, a member of tetracenequinones, a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it, also known as 2-thenyl alcohol or 2-thienyl carbinol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
6-isopropenyl-4,4a-dimethyl-2,3,4,4a,5,6,7,8-octahydronaphthalen-2-ol is a carbobicyclic compound that is 2,3,4,4a,5,6,7,8-octahydronaphthalen-2-ol which carries a methyl, methyl and prop-1-en-2-yl groups at positions 4, 4a, and 6, respectively. It is an eremophilane sesquiterpenoid, an olefinic compound, a secondary allylic alcohol and a member of octahydronaphthalenes. 
it is a dihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5 and 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a flavanone 7-O-beta-D-glucoside having hesperetin as the flavanone component. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a flavanone 7-O-beta-D-glucoside, a monomethoxyflavanone, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a dihydroxyflavanone, a monosaccharide derivative and a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones. It derives from a hesperetin. 
4-Methyl-1, 2-dihydroxypentane belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 2-diols. These are polyols containing an alcohol group at two adjacent positions. 4-Methyl-1, 2-dihydroxypentane is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a member of the class of phenols that is phenol which is substituted at the para- position by an octyl group. It has a role as a surfactant, a xenoestrogen and a metabolite. 
it (anhydrous) is an inorganic sodium salt having molybdate as the counterion. It has a role as a poison. It contains a molybdate. it is a crystalline powder essential for the metabolism and development of plants and animals as a cofactor for enzymes. (NCI) 
it, also known as a-podocarpene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ent-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ent-it can be found in barley, cereals and cereal products, and rice. This makes ent-it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless odorless gas. Insoluble in water and has a high thermal stability. Its vapors are heavier than air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Contact with the unconfined liquid can cause frostbite. Used as a refrigerant. it is a member of fluoromethanes. It has a role as a refrigerant. 
Anhydrous it is a colorless crystalline solid. it is also obtained as a hexahydrate, ZnSO4.6H2O, and as a heptahydrate ZnSO4.7H2O. All forms are soluble in water. All are noncombustible. The primary hazard is the threat posed to the environment. Immediate steps should be taken to limit its spread to the environment. It is used in the production of rayon, as a feed supplement, and as a fertilizer ingredient. it is a metal sulfate compound having zinc(2+) as the counterion. It has a role as a fertilizer. It is a metal sulfate and a zinc molecular entity. It contains a zinc(2+). 
it is an N-acyl-L-aspartic acid in which the acyl group is specified as acetyl. It has a role as a nutraceutical, an antioxidant, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a N-acetyl-L-amino acid and a N-acyl-L-aspartic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-aspartate(2-). 
it appears as a greenish-yellow odorless solid. used as a pigment Denser than water. Toxic by ingestion. Commonly but mistakenly called zinc chromate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-alkylindoles. 3-alkylindoles are compounds containing an indole moiety that carries an alkyl chain at the 3-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in beverages and fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 3-chloroalanine that has S configutation at the chiral centre. It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.50 (serine C-palmitoyltransferase) inhibitor. It is a D-alanine derivative and a 3-chloroalanine. It is an enantiomer of a 3-chloro-L-alanine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a benzyltetrahydroisoquinoline that is norlaudanosoline carrying four methyl substituents at positions N-1, O-6, O-7 and O-4'. It is a benzyltetrahydroisoquinoline, a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid, a member of phenols and an aromatic ether. It derives from a norlaudanosoline. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a cinchona alkaloid consisting of cinchonine with the hydrogen at the 6-position of the quinoline ring substituted by methoxy. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, an antimalarial, an anti-arrhythmia drug, a sodium channel blocker, a muscarinic antagonist, a potassium channel blocker, a P450 inhibitor, an EC 1.14.13.181 (13-deoxydaunorubicin hydroxylase) inhibitor, an EC 3.6.3.44 (xenobiotic-transporting ATPase) inhibitor and a drug allergen. It derives from a hydride of a cinchonan. it is an alkaloid extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree with class 1A antiarrhythmic and antimalarial effects. it stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses resulting in an increase of the threshold for excitation and decreased depolarization during phase 0 of the action potential. In addition, the effective refractory period (ERP), action potential duration (APD), and ERP/APD ratios are increased, resulting in decreased conduction velocity of nerve impulses. it exerts its antimalarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the heme polymer (hemazoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. 
it (all isomers) is a clear amber liquid with a sharp, penetrating odor. A mixture of three isomers (ortho, meta, and para). 
An inactive metabolite of PROGESTERONE by reduction at C5, C3, and C20 position. Pregnanediol has two hydroxyl groups, at 3-alpha and 20-alpha. It is detectable in URINE after OVULATION and is found in great quantities in the pregnancy urine. 
it is the gluconate salt of calcium. An element or mineral necessary for normal nerve, muscle, and cardiac function, calcium as the gluconate salt helps to maintain calcium balance and prevent bone loss when taken orally. This agent may also be chemopreventive for colon and other cancers. (NCI04) 
N,n-diisopropyl ethanolamine appears as a colorless liquid. Slightly soluble in water and less dense than water. Severely irritates skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a dihydropyridine that is 2,4,6-trimethyl-1,4-dihydropyridine substituted by ethoxycarbonyl groups at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a hepatic steatosis inducing agent. It is a dihydropyridine and an ethyl ester. 
it appears as a yellowish white crystalline solid. Noncombustible but accelerates the burning of all combustible material. If large quantities are involved in fire or if the combustible material is finely divided, an explosion may result. May explode under prolonged exposure to heat. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires. Used to make other chemicals and in chemical analysis. 
Metoprolol Fumarate is the fumarate salt form of metoprolol, a cardioselective competitive beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive properties and devoid of intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. Metoprolol antagonizes beta 1-adrenergic receptors in the myocardium, thereby reducing the rate and force of myocardial contraction, and consequently a diminished cardiac output. This agent may also reduce the secretion of renin with subsequent reduction in levels of angiotensin II thereby preventing vasoconstriction and aldosterone secretion. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefovecin, a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Cefovecin binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a member of the class of methyl myo-inositols that is cyclohexane-1,2,3,4,5-pentol substituted by a methoxy group at position 6 (the 1R,2S,3r,4R,5S,6r-stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
A family of gastrointestinal peptide hormones that excite the secretion of GASTRIC JUICE. They may also occur in the central nervous system where they are presumed to be neurotransmitters. 
it is an oligopeptide comprising of nine amino acids with sequence L-Ile-L-Ala-L-Arg-L-Arg-L-His-L-Pro-L-Tyr-L-Phe-L-Leu. It was originally isolated from pepsin-treated human plasma and shares some sequence homology with the C-terminal end of neurotensin. It is a potent histamine releaser and may serve as an inflammatory mediator. It has a role as a human metabolite and a histamine releasing agent. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is a secondary carboxamide resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of (1R,2R)-2-amino-1-(4-aminophenyl)propane-1,3-diol with the carboxy group of dichloroacetic acid. It is an intermediate used in the biosynthesis pathway of the antibiotic, chloramphenicol. It has a role as a prodrug. It is a secondary carboxamide, a diol, a substituted aniline and an organochlorine compound. 
it is a deoxypentose that is D-ribose in which the hydroxy group at position C-2 is replaced by hydrogen. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a D-ribose. 
it is a dialkyl ketone that is nonacosane substituted by an oxo group at position 10. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a nonacosane. 
(4-hydroxyphenyl)pyruvic acid is an oxo carboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 4-hydroxyphenyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an oxo carboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a pyruvic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)pyruvate. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow liquid with a fishlike odor, that is strongly corrosive. Irritating to skin, eyes and mucous membranes and moderately toxic by inhalation, absorption and ingestion. Flash point 185Â°F. Used in dyes and in the production of organic chemicals. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase Akt (protein kinase B) with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and inhibits the activity of Akt in a non-ATP-competitive manner, which may result in the inhibition of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway and tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. Activation of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis and dysregulated PI3K/Akt signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation between 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid and the alcoholic hydroxy group of hydroxy(3-phenoxyphenyl)acetonitrile. It has a role as a pyrethroid ester insecticide, a pyrethroid ester acaricide, an agrochemical and a molluscicide. It is an organochlorine compound, a nitrile, an aromatic ether and a cyclopropanecarboxylate ester. It derives from a 3-(2,2-dichlorovinyl)-2,2-dimethylcyclopropanecarboxylic acid. 
it is an azaarene that is the 9-aza derivative of phenanthrene. The parent of the class of its. It is a mancude organic heterotricyclic parent, a polycyclic heteroarene, a member of its and an azaarene. 
it is a member of the class of prostaglandins G that is 9,11-epidioxyprosta-5,13,17-trienoic acid carrying an additional hydroperoxy substituent at the 15S-position. It is a prostaglandins G, a peroxol and an olefinic compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a (6S)-it with a R configuration for the hydroxy group at position 9. It has a role as a phytotoxin and a metabolite. It is an enantiomer of a (6R,9S)-it. 
it is a hydrate that is the monohydrate form of anhydrous esculin. It has a role as an antioxidant. It contains an esculin. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenanthrenes and derivatives. These are polycyclic compounds containing a phenanthrene moiety, which is a tricyclic aromatic compound with three non-linearly fused benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, norbuprenorphine is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is pyruvic acid substituted at position 3 by a phospho group. It derives from a pyruvic acid and a phosphonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-phosphonatopyruvate(2-). 
A strong dicarboxylic acid occurring in many plants and vegetables. It is produced in the body by metabolism of glyoxylic acid or ascorbic acid. It is not metabolized but excreted in the urine. It is used as an analytical reagent and general reducing agent. 
it is a crystalline, carcinogenic aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of four fused rings and produced by the incomplete combustion of organic matter. it is primarily found in gasoline exhaust and tobacco smoke. it is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is an extended flavonoid that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 5, 2' and 4', a prenyl group at position 3 and a 2,2-dimethyl pyran group across positions 7 and 8. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a trihydroxyflavone and an extended flavonoid. 
it is a phosphatidic acid in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups are both oleoyl. It is a conjugate acid of a dioleoylphosphatidate(2-). 
it is a nucleoside triphosphate analogue that is 5'-O-[({[dichloro(phosphono)methyl](hydroxy)phosphoryl}oxy)(hydroxy)phosphoryl]adenosine carrying additional 2-(methylsulfanyl)ethyl and (3,3,3-trifluoropropyl)sulfanyl substituents at positions N6 and C2 respectively. Used (in the form of its tetrasodium salt) as an intravenous antiplatelet drug that prevents formation of harmful blood clots in the coronary arteries. It has a role as a platelet aggregation inhibitor and a P2Y12 receptor antagonist. It is a member of adenosines, a nucleoside triphosphate analogue, an organofluorine compound, an aryl sulfide, an organochlorine compound and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
Hydrogenated alprenolol derivative where the extra hydrogens are often tritiated. This radiolabeled form of ALPRENOLOL, a beta-adrenergic blocker, is used to label the beta-adrenergic receptor for isolation and study. 
it is adenosine with the hydroxy group at C-5' substituted with a methylthio (methylsulfanyl) group. It has a role as a human metabolite, an algal metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from an adenosine. 
Vescalin, also known as castalagin or vescalene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. Vescalin is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, vescalin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, vescalin can be found in nuts. This makes vescalin a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 5-(2,4-dihydroxy-5-isopropylphenyl)-4-[4-(morpholin-4-ylmethyl)phenyl]-1,2-oxazole-3-carboxylic acid with the amino group of ethylamine. It has a role as a Hsp90 inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent and an angiogenesis inhibitor. It is a member of isoxazoles, a member of resorcinols, a member of morpholines, a monocarboxylic acid amide and an aromatic amide. it is a derivative of 4,5-diarylisoxazole and a third-generation heat shock protein 90 (Hsp90) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it has been shown to bind with high affinity to and inhibit Hsp90, resulting in the proteasomal degradation of oncogenic client proteins; the inhibition of cell proliferation; and the elevation of heat shock protein 72 (Hsp72) in a wide range of human tumor cell lines. Hsp90, a 90 kDa molecular chaperone, plays a key role in the conformational maturation, stability and function of other substrate or client proteins within the cell, many of which are involved in signal transduction, cell cycle regulation and apoptosis, including kinases, transcription factors and hormone receptors. Hsp72 exhibits anti-apoptotic functions; its up-regulation may be used as a surrogate marker for Hsp90 inhibition. 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the condensation of the carboxylic acid group of (+)-abscisic acid with the anomeric hydroxy group of D-glucopyranose. It is a carboxylic ester and a D-glucoside. It derives from a (+)-abscisic acid and a D-glucopyranose. 
it is a monomethoxyflavone that is apigenin in which the hydroxy group at position 7 is methylated. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. It derives from an apigenin. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a fruity odor. Flash point 72 - 88Â°F. Density 7.4 lb / gal (less than water). Hence floats on water. Vapors heavier than air. it is the acetate ester of butanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a butan-1-ol. 
it appears as a castable mixture of 20-40% aluminum and 80-60% TNT. Explosive, especially under exposure to heat or fire. Primary hazard is blast of an instantaneous explosion, not flying projectiles or fragments. 
Nor-psi-tropine, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tropane alkaloids. These are organic compounds containing the nitrogenous bicyclic alkaloid parent N-Methyl-8-azabicyclo[3. 2. 1]octane. Nor-psi-tropine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, nor-psi-tropine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, nor-psi-tropine can be found in fruits. This makes nor-psi-tropine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an orally available, alpha-1 adrenoreceptor (alpha-1a) selective antagonist that can be used to relieve symptoms of benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH). Upon administration, it selectively binds alpha-1a receptors located in the human prostate and bladder with high affinity and blocks signaling pathways mediated by alpha-1a. Blockade of these receptors causes smooth muscle relaxation, lowers intraurethral pressure, and results in improved urine flow and a reduction in the symptoms of BPH, such as difficulty with urinating, painful urination, urinary frequency and incomplete bladder emptying. In addition, it may be used to improve lower urinary tract symptoms, which can occur after receiving radiation therapy for prostate cancer. 
it is an N-acetyl-L-amino acid that is L-alanine in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen is replaced by an acetyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a L-alanine derivative and a N-acetyl-L-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-acetyl-L-alaninate. 
it is a white to yellow solid with a weak aromatic odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) Acene is a polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon consisting of fused benzene rings in a rectilinear arrangement. It is an ortho-fused polycyclic arene and a member of acenes. it, also called it or it, a solid polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon (PAH) consisting of three benzene rings derived from coal-tar, is the simplest tricyclic aromatic hydrocarbon. It is on the EPA's priority pollutant list. It is ubiquitous in the environment as a product of incomplete combustion of fossil fuels. It has been identified in surface and drinking water, ambient air, exhaust emissions, smoke of cigarettes and cigars, and in smoked foods and edible aquatic organisms. It is primarily used as an intermediate in the production of dyes, smoke screens, scintillation counter crystals, and in organic semiconductor research. Although a large body of literature exists on the toxicity of PAHs, data for it are limited. Prolonged exposure causes variety of topical and systemic adverse reactions. Carcinogenicity bioassays with it generally gave negative results. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a mild to moderately strong odor. Less dense than water. Flash point 91Â°F. Boiling point 280Â°F. Vapors heavier than air. Moderately toxic by ingestion. Vapors may irritate skin and eyes. Used as a solvent and to make other chemicals. it is an alkyl alcohol that is pentane in which a hydrogen of one of the methyl groups is substituted by a hydroxy group. It has been isolated from Melicope ptelefolia. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an alkyl alcohol, a primary alcohol and a pentanol. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ketones. These are organic compounds in which a carbonyl group is bonded to two carbon atoms R2C=O (neither R may be a hydrogen atom). Ketones that have one or more alpha-hydrogen atoms undergo keto-enol tautomerization, the tautomer being an enol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, heptyl ketone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is a high-mannose oligosaccharide consisting of alpha-D-Glcp-(1->3)-alpha-D-Glcp-(1->3)-alpha-D-Manp-(1->2)-alpha-D-Manp-(1->2)-alpha-D-Manp-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Manp-(1->2)-alpha-D-Manp-(1->3)-[alpha-D-Manp-(1->2)-alpha-D-Manp-(1->6)]-alpha-D-Manp-(1->6)]-beta-D-Manp-(1->4)-beta-D-GlcpNAc-(1->4)-D-GlcpNAc. It is a high-mannose oligosaccharide, a glucosamine oligosaccharide and a polysaccharide derivative. It derives from a Glc(a1-3)Man(a1-2)Man(a1-2)Man(a1-3)[Man(a1-2)Man(a1-3)[Man(a1-2)Man(a1-6)]Man(a1-6)]Man(b1-4)GlcNAc(b1-4)GlcNAc. 
2-Acetyl-3, 5-dimethylfuran belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aryl alkyl ketones. These are ketones have the generic structure RC(=O)R', where R = aryl group and R'=alkyl group. 2-Acetyl-3, 5-dimethylfuran is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-acetyl-3, 5-dimethylfuran is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Acetyl-3, 5-dimethylfuran has a sweet and balsam taste. 
it is a pseudohalide anion obtained by deprotonation of the thiol group of thiocyanic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a pseudohalide anion and a sulfur molecular entity. It is a conjugate base of an isothiocyanic acid and a thiocyanic acid. 
it is a synthetic small molecule with radiosensitizing activity. it increases oxygen levels in hypoxic tumor tissues by binding non-covalently to the hemoglobin tetramer and decreasing hemoglobin-oxygen binding affinity. Increasing tumor oxygenation reduces tumor radioresistance. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyridoxines. These are pyridoxal derivatives in which the carbaldehyde group at position 2 of the pyridoxal moiety is replaced by a hydroxymethyl group. it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fats and oils. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a phthalic acid monoester obtained by formal condensation of one of the carboxy groups of phthalic acid with the hydroxy group of 2-ethyl-5-oxohexan-1-ol. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a human urinary metabolite. It is a methyl ketone and a phthalic acid monoester. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a fruity and herbal tasting compound that can be found in bilberry, citrus, fruits, and lemon. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a 26-carbon, straight-chain, saturated fatty acid. It is a very long-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of a cerotate. 
it dye is an organic dilithium salt having 6-amino-2-[(hydrazinocarbonyl)amino]-1,3-dioxo-2,3-dihydro-1H-benzo[de]isoquinoline-5,8-disulfonate as the counterion. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a lucifer yellow carbohydrazide dye(2-). 
it is an optically active form of 3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoic acid having (3S)-configuration. It derives from a (4S)-7-hydroxy-4-isopropenyl-7-methyloxepan-2-one. It is a conjugate acid of a (3S)-3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoate. It is an enantiomer of a (3R)-3-isopropenyl-6-oxoheptanoic acid. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-thiazoles carrying 3,4,4-trifluorobut-3-ene-1-sulfonyl and chloro substituents at positions 2 and 5 respectively. A nematicide that is effective against a number of plant parasitic nematodes in a range of agricultural and horticultural crops. It has a role as a nematicide and an agrochemical. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, an organochlorine pesticide, a sulfone, an organofluorine pesticide and an olefinic compound. 
it is a 1,6-dicarboxylic acid compound having an amino substituent at the 2-position and an oxo substituent at the 3-position. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an amino dicarboxylic acid and an oxo dicarboxylic acid. It derives from an adipic acid. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-tyrosine and L-arginine joined by a peptide linkage. It is a conjugate base of a L-tyrosiniumyl-L-arginine(1+). 
it is a 19-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo steroid, a 17-oxo steroid and an androstanoid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
Watery colorless liquid with a mild pleasant odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a hydroxamic acid resulting from the formal condensation of the primary amino group of N-(3-aminopropyl)-N-hydroxyacetamide (2 mol eq.) with the carboxy groups at positions 1 and 3 of citric acid. It is a siderophore produced by Bacillus megaterium and Anabaena species. It has a role as a siderophore and a bacterial metabolite. It is a hydroxamic acid and a 2-hydroxy carboxylic acid. It derives from a citric acid. 
17beta-estradiol 3-sulfate is a steroid sulfate obtained by the formal condensation of sulfuric acid with the 3-hydroxy group of 17beta-estradiol. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a steroid sulfate and a 17beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a 17beta-estradiol. It is a conjugate acid of a 17beta-estradiol 3-sulfate(1-). 
it is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is acetic acid in which one of the methyl hydrogens is substituted by a 2,2,3-trimethyl-5-oxocyclopent-3-en-1-yl group. It is a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a cyclic ketone. It derives from an acetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (2,2,3-trimethyl-5-oxocyclopent-3-en-1-yl)acetate. 
it is a dihydroxyanthraquinone that is chrysazin which is substituted by a 3-hydroxybutanoyl group at position 2 and by a 2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl at position 3. It is a dihydroxyanthraquinone, a polyketide, a polyphenol, a methyl ester and a beta-hydroxy ketone. 
it is an alpha-amino-acid anion resulting from the deprotonation of the carboxy group of 1-aminocyclopropanecarboxylic acid. It derives from a cyclopropanecarboxylate. It is a conjugate base of a 1-aminocyclopropanecarboxylic acid and a 1-aminocyclopropanecarboxylic acid zwitterion. 
3-(methylaminomethyl)indole(1+) is an organic cation obtained by protonation of the secondary amino function of 3-(methylaminomethyl)indole; major species at pH 7.3. It is an ammonium ion derivative and an organic cation. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion obtained by deprotonation of the phosphate OH group of 2-hydroxybenzoyl-AMP; the major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxybenzoyl-AMP. 
it is a heterotricyclic compound based on a 2,3,3a,8b-tetrahydro-1H-benzo[b]cyclopenta[d]furan framework substituted by hydroxy groups at positions C-1 and C-8b, a methoxycarbonyl group at C-2, a phenyl group at C-3, a 4-methoxyphenyl group at C-3a and methoxy groups at C-6 and C-8. A platelet aggregation inhibitor found in Aglaia elliptifolia and Aglaia odorata. It has a role as a metabolite and a platelet aggregation inhibitor. It is an organic heterotricyclic compound and a methyl ester. 
it appears as crystalline granules or white powder. Used as an anesthetic and sedative. it is the sodium salt of pentobarbital, a short-acting barbituric acid derivative with central nervous system (CNS) depressant property. it binds to the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)-A subtype receptor, resulting in modulation of chloride transport through receptor channels and potentiation of GABA-induced increases in chloride conductance. This enhances postsynaptic responses to the inhibitory actions of GABA and causes CNS depression. In addition, this agent inhibits glutamate induced nerve depolarization and depresses voltage-activated calcium currents. 
it is a nitrosourea compound with alkylating activity. it crosslinks DNA, resulting in the inhibition of DNA replication and eventually cellular proliferation. 
it is a pyranone that is 4H-pyran substituted by an oxo group at position 4. It derives from a hydride of a 4H-pyran. 
it is a pyridazinone that is pyridazin-3(2H)-one substituted by an amino group at position 5, a chloro group at position 4 and a phenyl group at position 2. It has a role as an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and a herbicide. It is a pyridazinone, an organochlorine compound, a primary amino compound and a member of benzenes. 
it is an amino disaccharide that is a 2-deoxy-2-(methylamino)-alpha-L-glucopyranose ring joined to a L-lyxose with a formyl substituent at position 3. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phthalazines. Phthalazines are compounds containing a phthalazine moiety, which consists of a benzene ring fused to a pyridazine, forming a 2, 3-benzodiazine skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
(3Z)-it is an enone that is 3-penten-2-one carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 4. It is an enol and an enone. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole which is substituted at positions 1, 3, and 5 by 4-sulfamoylphenyl, difluoromethyl and 3-fluoro-4-methoxyphenyl groups, respectively. A selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, it is used in veterinary medicine for the control of pain and inflammation associated with osteoarthritis in dogs. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a member of pyrazoles, an organofluorine compound and a sulfonamide. 
it is a itoid. It has a role as a non-narcotic analgesic, a voltage-gated sodium channel blocker and a TRPV1 agonist. it is a chili pepper extract with analgesic properties. it is a neuropeptide releasing agent selective for primary sensory peripheral neurons. Used topically, it aids in controlling peripheral nerve pain. This agent has been used experimentally to manipulate substance P and other tachykinins. In addition, it may be useful in controlling chemotherapy- and radiotherapy-induced mucositis. 
it is a member of the class of the class of phenylethanolamines that is (1R)-2-(methylamino)-1-phenylethan-1-ol carrying an additional hydroxy substituent at position 3 on the phenyl ring. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a cardiotonic drug, a mydriatic agent, a protective agent, a vasoconstrictor agent, a sympathomimetic agent and a nasal decongestant. It is a member of phenylethanolamines, a secondary amino compound and a member of phenols. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a direct-acting sympathomimetic amine chemically related to adrenaline and ephedrine with potent vasoconstrictor property. it is a post-synaptic alpha-adrenergic receptor agonist that causes vasoconstriction, increases systolic/diastolic pressures, reflex bradycardia, and stroke output. 
it is a heme. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. 
it is a quinolone that is 4-quinolone substituted at positions 1, 3, 5, 6 and 7 by ethyl, carboxy, amino, fluorine, and cyclohexylamino groups, respectively. It can directly bind to and block the transcription activity of the active forkhead box protein O1 (Foxo1), but not the Ser256-phosphorylated form. It induces cell death and growth arrest in Burkitt lymphoma cell lines at low concentrations. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, an anti-obesity agent, an autophagy inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an apoptosis inducer and a forkhead box protein O1 inhibitor. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, a quinolone, an organofluorine compound, a primary amino compound, a secondary amino compound and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is an organoammonium salt obtained by combining flunixin with one molar equivalent of 1-deoxy-1-(methylamino)-D-glucitol. A relatively potent non-narcotic, nonsteroidal analgesic with anti-inflammatory, anti-endotoxic and anti-pyretic properties; used in veterinary medicine for treatment of horses, cattle and pigs. It has a role as an antipyretic, a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It contains a flunixin(1-). 
it is a dipeptide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-threonine with the amino group of L-isoleucine. It derives from a L-threonine and a L-isoleucine. 
it is the D-enantiomer of phenylalanine. It is a phenylalanine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a D-phenylalaninium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-phenylalaninate. It is an enantiomer of a L-phenylalanine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is the synthetic dextro isomer of phenylalanine, an essential amino acid with anti-depressant and analgesic activities. it is converted into tyrosine and tyrosine in turn is converted into L-dopa, norepinephrine, and epinephrine, three key neurotransmitters. As a result this agent is associated with elevated levels of the neurotransmitters dopamine and norepinephrine in the brain, which may alleviate symptoms of depression. In addition, as an inhibitor of enkephalinase, which metabolizes endorphins, it may be used to treat chronic pain through blocking the break down of endorphins (natural pain killers). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03798366 (A Clinical Study to Test How Effective and Safe it is for Patients With Systemic Sclerosis). 
it is a medetomidine. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a non-narcotic analgesic, an analgesic and a sedative. It is an enantiomer of a levomedetomidine. it is an imidazole derivate and active d-isomer of medetomidine with analgesic, anxiolytic and sedative properties. it selectively binds to presynaptic alpha-2 adrenoceptors located in the brain, thereby inhibiting the release of norepinephrine from synaptic vesicles. This leads to an inhibition of postsynaptic activation of adrenoceptors, which inhibit sympathetic activity, thereby leading to sedation and anxiolysis. The analgesic effect of this agent is mediated by binding to alpha-2 adrenoceptors in the spinal cord. 
it is the maleic acid salt of the active (S)-enantiomer of timolol, comprising equimolar amounts of (S)-timolol and maleic acid. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, an anti-arrhythmia drug, a beta-adrenergic antagonist and an antiglaucoma drug. It contains a (S)-timolol (anhydrous). it is the maleate salt form of timolol, a propanolamine derivative and a non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with antihypertensive property. Timolol competitively binds to beta-1-adrenergic receptors in the heart and vascular smooth muscle and beta-2-receptors in the bronchial and vascular smooth muscle, resulting in a decrease in beta-adrenergic stimulation. Beta-1-receptor blockade results in a decrease in resting and exercise heart rate and cardiac output, a decrease in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and, possibly, a reduction in reflex orthostatic hypotension. Beta-2-blockade results in an increase in peripheral vascular resistance. The ultimate results include vasodilation, and negative chronotropic and inotropic effects. In addition, timolol reduces intra-ocular pressure possibly by decreasing aqueous humor production by reduction of blood flow to the ciliary processes and cAMP synthesis. 
it is a chlorophenoxyacetic acid that is phenoxyacetic acid in which the hydrogens at positions 3 and 4 of the phenyl group are replaced by chlorines. It has a role as a phenoxy herbicide. 
6-Phosphonatooxy-D-gluconate, also known as 6-phospho-D-gluconic acid, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as monosaccharide phosphates. These are monosaccharides comprising a phosphated group linked to the carbohydrate unit. 6-Phosphonatooxy-D-gluconate is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
(Â±)-it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene (Â±)-it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, (Â±)-it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an ammonium ion obtained by the protonation of all four amino groups of spermine. It has a role as a human metabolite and a fundamental metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a spermine. 
it appears as a liquid with a disagreeable odor. Less dense than water. May be toxic by inhalation and skin absorption. Irritates skin and eyes. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is an aminopyrimidine that is pyrimidine in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4, and 5 are replaced by methyl, amino, and hydroxymethyl substituents, respectively. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is an aminopyrimidine and an aromatic primary alcohol. 
it is a hydrogen butenedioate that is the conjugate base of maleic acid. It is a hydrogen butenedioate and a maleate. It is a conjugate base of a maleic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a maleate(2-). 
it is a valerate ester that is salicylic acid in which the phenolic hydrogen is replaced by a valeryl (pentanoyl) group. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 1 inhibitor. It is a member of benzoic acids, a valerate ester and a member of salicylates. It derives from a salicylic acid. 
Dantrolene Sodium is the sodium salt form of dantrolene, a hydantoin derivative and direct-acting skeletal muscle relaxant. Dantrolene depresses excitation-contraction coupling in skeletal muscle by binding to the ryanodine receptor 1, and decreasing intracellular calcium concentration. Ryanodine receptors mediate the release of calcium from the sarcoplasmic reticulum, an essential step in muscle contraction. 
it is an oxopurine that is 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione substituted by methyl groups at N-3 and N-7. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 7,9-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6,8(3H)-trione. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,7-dimethylurate anion. 
it is a member of the class of benzazocines that is (5Z)-1,2,3,4-tetrahydro-1-benzazocine which is substituted by a 2-methylpropyl, N-{4-[(S)-(1-propyl-1H-imidazol-5-yl)methanesulfinyl]phenyl}carboxamide and 4-(2-butoxyethoxy)phenyl groups at positions 1, 5 and 8, respectively. It is a potent chemokine 2 and 5 receptor antagonist currently in development for the treatment of liver fibrosis in adults with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). It has a role as a chemokine receptor 5 antagonist, an anti-HIV agent, a chemokine receptor 2 antagonist, an antirheumatic drug and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a diether, a member of imidazoles, a sulfoxide, an aromatic ether, a secondary carboxamide and a benzazocine. 
it is a member of the class of dihydroxy-1,4-benzoquinones that is 2,5-dihydroxy-1,4-benzoquinone which is substituted by an undecyl group at position 3. Isolated from Lysimachia punctata and Embelia ribes, it exhibits antimicrobial, antineoplastic and inhibitory activity towards hepatitis C protease. It has a role as a hepatitis C protease inhibitor, an antimicrobial agent, an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. 
it is phthalimide substituted at the 4- and 5-positions by anilino groups. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. 
it is an azaheterocycle sulfate salt that is a prodrug for isavuconazole, an antifungal agent used for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and invasive mucormycosis. It has a role as a prodrug, an ergosterol biosynthesis inhibitor, an EC 1.14.13.70 (sterol 14alpha-demethylase) inhibitor and an orphan drug. It is an azaheterocycle sulfate salt, a triazole antifungal drug and a conazole antifungal drug. It contains an isavuconazonium. it is the sulfate ester form of isavuconazonium, a prodrug of the triazole antifungal agent isavuconazole, with broad-spectrum antifungal activity. Upon administration, it is hydrolyzed by plasma esterases to yield the active moiety isavuconazole. Isavuconazole binds to and inhibits the fungal cytochrome P450 family enzyme lanosterol 14-alpha-demethylase (CYP51), which catalyzes the demethylation of lanosterol to yield ergosterol, an important component of the fungal cell membrane. Inhibition of CYP51 leads to a decrease in fungal ergosterol production and disrupts synthesis of the fungal cell membrane, which decreases membrane integrity, increases cell membrane permeability and promotes the loss of essential intracellular elements. This results in fungal cell lysis and death. 
it is a benzenetriol that is a derivative of filicinic acid. Isolated from the stems and leaves of Hypericum drummondii, it exhibits antibacterial activity against Gram-positive bacteria Staphylococcus aureus and Bacillus subtilis and the acid fast bacterium Mycobacterium smegmatis. It has a role as a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is an enol, an enone, a methyl ketone, a benzenetriol and an aromatic ketone. It derives from a filicinic acid. 
it is the N-amidino derivative of taurine. It is a member of guanidines and an organosulfonic acid. It derives from a taurine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the D-enantiomer of dopachrome. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-dopachrome. 
5-Hexyldihydro-4-methyl-2(3H)-furanone, also known as 3-methyl-4-decanolide or 5-hexyl-4-methyldihydro-2(3H)-furanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma butyrolactones. Gamma butyrolactones are compounds containing a gamma butyrolactone moiety, which consists of an aliphatic five-member ring with four carbon atoms, one oxygen atom, and bears a ketone group on the carbon adjacent to the oxygen atom. 5-Hexyldihydro-4-methyl-2(3H)-furanone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-hexyldihydro-4-methyl-2(3H)-furanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 5-Hexyldihydro-4-methyl-2(3H)-furanone is a floral tasting compound that can be found in citrus. This makes 5-hexyldihydro-4-methyl-2(3H)-furanone a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
[des-Phe(8), des-Arg(9)]-bradykinin is a seven-membered oligopeptide comprising Arg, Pro, Pro, Gly, Phe, Ser, and Pro residues joined in sequence by peptide bonds. It is a metabolite of bradykinin lacking the Phe residue at position 8 and the Arg residue at position 9. It has a role as a human metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a [des-Phe(8), des-Arg(9)]-bradykinin(1+). 
it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and a cyclohexenecarboxylic acid. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a perillate. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that has a furonaphthodioxole skeleton bearing a 3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl substituent. It is found in the roots and rhizomes of Podophyllum species and is used for the topical treatment of genital warts. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a keratolytic drug, a tubulin modulator, a microtubule-destabilising agent, an antimitotic and a plant metabolite. It is a furonaphthodioxole, a lignan and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. it is a pure, stabilized form of podophyllin, in which only the biologically active portion of the compound is present. it is a toxic, polycyclic antimitotic agent isolated primarily from the rhizome of the plant Podophyllum peltatum. This agent is formulated for topical applications. (NCI04) 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Irritating and narcotic in high concentrations. Used as a solvent and for making other chemicals and dyes. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid, or a dark-brown liquid. Strongly irritating to skin and eyes. Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Used as a military poison gas. 
it is a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having 5-methylcytidine as the nucleobase. It is a 2'-deoxycytidine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2'-deoxyribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a 2'-deoxy-5-methyl-5'-cytidylate(2-). 
it is a pyrimidine N-oxide that is pyrimidine-2,4-diamine 3-oxide substituted by a piperidin-1-yl group at position 6. It has a role as a vasodilator agent and an antihypertensive agent. It is a pyrimidine N-oxide, a member of piperidines and an aminopyrimidine. it is an orally administered vasodilator with hair growth stimulatory and antihypertensive effects. it is converted into its active metabolite it sulphate by sulphotransferase enzymes. it sulphate exerts its antihypertensive effect by opening of plasma membrane adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-sensitive potassium channels (KATP channels), thereby directly and rapidly relaxing arteriolar smooth muscle and subsequent reduction of elevated systolic and diastolic blood pressure by decreasing peripheral vascular resistance. This agent's hair growth stimulatory effect may be mediated through its vasodilatory activity, thereby increasing cutaneous blood flow, or due to its direct stimulatory effect on hair follicle cells and forcing them from their resting phase into their active growth phase. 
it is an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is acrylic acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from an acrylic acid. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is amino(oxo)acetic acid substituted by a carbamoylamino group at the nitrogen atom. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid and a member of ureas. It is a conjugate acid of an oxalurate. 
it is an amino acid amide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of L-glutamine with ammonia. It is an amino acid amide, a L-glutamine derivative and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. 
it is one of three naturally occurring cephamycin antibiotics, differing from the A and B forms in its carbamoyloxymethyl substituent at C-3. 
it is a triazolobenzothiazole that is [1,2,4]triazolo[5,1-b][1,3]benzothiazole substituted at positions 1 and 2 by 4-methylbenzoyl and thioxo groups respectively. It is a triazolobenzothiazole and a thiocarbonyl compound. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is 4,4,8-trimethylandrosta-1,14-diene substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 16, an acetoxy group at position 7 and a furan-3-yl group at position 17. Isolated from Azadirachta indica, it exhibits antimycobacterial and anti-inflammatory activities. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antimycobacterial drug and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is a limonoid, a tetracyclic triterpenoid, an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone and a member of furans. 
it is a tropane alkaloid obtained from leaves of the South American shrub Erythroxylon coca. It has a role as a local anaesthetic, a central nervous system stimulant, a sodium channel blocker, an adrenergic uptake inhibitor, a dopamine uptake inhibitor, a serotonin uptake inhibitor, a sympathomimetic agent, a vasoconstrictor agent, a xenobiotic, an environmental contaminant, a plant metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a methyl ester, a benzoate ester, a tertiary amino compound and a tropane alkaloid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). it is a tropane alkaloid with central nervous systems (CNS) stimulating and local anesthetic activity. it binds to the dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine transport proteins and inhibits the re-uptake of dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine into pre-synaptic neurons. This leads to an accumulation of the respective neurotransmitters in the synaptic cleft and may result in increased postsynaptic receptor activation. The mechanism of action through which it exerts its local anesthetic effects is by binding to and blocking the voltage-gated sodium channels in the neuronal cell membrane. By stabilizing neuronal membranes, it inhibits the initiation and conduction of nerve impulses and produces a reversible loss of sensation. 
it is a tan-colored liquid with a sulfide-like odor. (NIOSH, 2016) it is an organic thiophosphate, an organothiophosphate insecticide and an organosulfur compound. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. It derives from a 4-(methylsulfanyl)phenol. 
it is the calcium salt of atorvastatin, a synthetic lipid-lowering agent. Atorvastatin competitively inhibits hepatic hydroxymethyl-glutaryl coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate, a key step in cholesterol synthesis. This agent increases the number of LDL receptors on hepatic cell surfaces, enhancing the uptake and catabolism of LDL and reducing LDL production and the number of LDL particles, and lowers plasma cholesterol and lipoprotein levels. Like other statins, atorvastatin may also display direct antineoplastic activity, possibly by inhibiting farnesylation and geranylgeranylation of proteins such as small GTP-binding proteins, which may result in the arrest of cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. This agent may also sensitize tumor cells to cyctostatic drugs, possibly through the mTOR-dependent inhibition of Akt phosphorylation. 
2-(3,4,5-trimethoxyphenyl)-5,6,7,8-tetramethoxy-4H-1-benzopyran-4-one is a methoxyflavone that is flavone substituted by methoxy groups at positions 5, 6, 7, 8, 3', 4' and 5'. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from a flavone. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-oxobutanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and a short-chain fatty acid anion. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxobutanoic acid. 
A lipoxygenase metabolite of ARACHIDONIC ACID. It is a highly selective ligand used to label mu-opioid receptors in both membranes and tissue sections. The 12-S-HETE analog has been reported to augment tumor cell metastatic potential through activation of protein kinase C. (J Pharmacol Exp Ther 1995; 274(3):1545-51; J Natl Cancer Inst 1994; 86(15):1145-51) 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of chloric acid. It is a monovalent inorganic anion and a chlorine oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a chloric acid. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyindoles that is the N-feruloyl derivative of serotonin. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of hydroxyindoles, a member of cinnamamides, a member of phenols, an aromatic ether and a secondary carboxamide. It derives from a ferulic acid. 
it appears as a white crystalline or powder solid with a slight sulfur odor. Toxic by inhalation . Strongly irritates skin and tissue. Noncombustible, but may decompose to emit toxic oxide fumes of sulfur and sodium when heated to high temperature. A corrosive acid when mixed with water. Used as a food preservative and as a laboratory reagent. it is an inorganic sodium salt composed of sodium and disulfite ions in a 2:1 ratio. It has a role as a food antioxidant. It contains a disulfite. 
Acetyl is an organic radical derived from acetaldehyde. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It derives from an acetaldehyde. 
it is an adenosine 5'-phosphate obtained by formal condensation of the hydroxy group of thiamine with the triphosphate group of ATP. It derives from an ATP and a thiamine(1+). It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is an N-alkylpyrrolidine that is pyrrolidine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen has been replaced by a cyclohexyl group. 
Pyrimidine, 2, 4- bis[(trimethylsilyl)oxy]- belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrimidines and pyrimidine derivatives. Pyrimidines and pyrimidine derivatives are compounds containing a pyrimidne ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle which consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 3) and four carbon atoms. Pyrimidine, 2, 4- bis[(trimethylsilyl)oxy]- is slightly soluble (in water) and a strong basic compound (based on its pKa). Pyrimidine, 2, 4- bis[(trimethylsilyl)oxy]- has been primarily detected in feces. 
it is an indolecarboxamide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 6-chloro-3-[(dimethylamino)(oxo)acetyl]-1-methylindole-5-carboxylic acid with the secondary amino group of (2S,5R)-1-[(4-fluorophenyl)methyl]-2,5-dimethylpiperazine. It is a potent inhibitor of MAPK and exhibits anti-cancer properties. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.24 (mitogen-activated protein kinase) inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It is a N-acylpiperazine, a N-alkylpiperazine, an aromatic amide, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a chloroindole, an indolecarboxamide, a dicarboxylic acid diamide and an aromatic ketone. it is an orally bioavailable, small-molecule, p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) inhibitor with potential immunomodulating, anti-inflammatory, and antineoplastic activities. it specifically binds to and inhibits the phosphorylation of p38 MAPK, which may result in the induction of tumor cell apoptosis, the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, and the inhibition of tumor angiogenesis. This agent may also enhance proteasome inhibitor-induced apoptosis. p38 MAPK is a serine/threonine protein kinase involved in a MAPK signaling cascade that controls cellular responses to various environmental stresses, cytokines, and endotoxins. 
it appears as a yellowish white crystalline solid. Absorbs moisture from the air. Decomposed by water to form arsenic acid and hydrobromic acid, a corrosive. Intensely toxic. 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the reaction of decamethylenediguanidine with 2 mol eq. of hydrogen chloride. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent, a nephrotoxin and a hepatotoxic agent. It is a hydrochloride and a guanidinium salt. It contains a synthalin A(2+). 
it is the bromide salt of acetylcholine. It is a quaternary ammonium salt and a bromide salt. It contains an acetylcholine. 
it is a member of the class of sulfamides that is N-phenylsulfuric diamide substituted by two methyl groups at the amino nitrogen atom. It is a metabolite of the agrochemical dichlofluanid. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a ketotetrose phosphate that is D-erythrulose carrying a phosphono substituent at position O-4. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a D-erythrulose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it is a second-generation cisplatin analogue with antineoplastic activity. Containing a novel ring structure in which glycolate is bound to the platinum by a bidentate ligand, nedaplatin forms reactive platinum complexes that bind to nucelophillic groups in DNA, resulting in intrastrand and interstrand DNA cross-links, apoptosis and cell death. This agent appears to be less nephrotoxic and neurotoxic compared to both cisplatin and carboplatin. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03905109 (Safety Evaluation of it in Patients With Moderate to Severe Active Crohn's Disease). 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloartanols and derivatives. These are steroids containing a cycloartanol moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-epicycloeucalenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 3-epicycloeucalenol can be found in fruits. This makes 3-epicycloeucalenol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a triazine in which a 1,6-dihydro-1,3,5-triazine ring is substituted at N-1 by a 4-chlorophenyl group, at C-2 and -4 by amino groups and at C-6 by gem-dimethyl groups. A dihydrofolate reductase inhibitor, it is a metabolite of the antimalarial drug proguanil. It has a role as an EC 1.5.1.3 (dihydrofolate reductase) inhibitor, an antiinfective agent, an antiparasitic agent, an antimalarial, an antiprotozoal drug and an antifolate. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific. it is a synthetic cyclopropylpyrroloindole antineoplastic antibiotic. it binds to the minor groove of DNA and induces interstrand cross-linking of DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and RNA synthesis. it also enhances p53 and p21 induction and triggers G2/M cell-cycle arrest, resulting in cell senescence without apoptosis. (NCI04) 
1-methyl-3-propyl-7H-xanthine is an oxopurine that is 1-methyl-7H-xanthine in which the hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a propyl group. It has a role as a bronchodilator agent. It derives from a 1-methyl-7H-xanthine and an enprofylline. 
it is a dioxo monocarboxylic acid, a beta-diketone, a substituted aniline, a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid, a 4-oxo monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ketone. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-(2-aminophenyl)-2,4-dioxobutanoate. 
6beta-hydroxyandrost-4-ene-3,17-dione is a 6beta-hydroxy steroid that is androst-4-ene-3,17-dione substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 6. It is a 6beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid and a 17-oxo steroid. It derives from an androst-4-ene-3,17-dione. 
it is a trihydroxyanthraquinone that is 9,10-anthraquinone which is substituted by a methyl substituent at C-3 and by hydroxy groups at C-1, C-2 and C-8. It derives from a chrysophanol. 
Vinorelbine is a semisynthetic vinca alkaloid. Vinorelbine binds to tubulin and prevents formation of the mitotic spindle, resulting in the arrest of tumor cell growth in metaphase. This agent may also interfere with amino acid, cyclic AMP. and glutathione metabolism; calmodulin-dependent Ca++ -transport ATPase activity; cellular respiration; and nucleic acid and lipid biosynthesis. 
it is the D-enantiomer of leucine. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a leucine and a D-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate base of a D-leucinium. It is a conjugate acid of a D-leucinate. It is an enantiomer of a L-leucine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a fatty acid methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of tetradecanoic acid (myristic acid) with methanol. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a flavouring agent and a fragrance. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 
N-hexadecanoylsphingosine is a N-acylsphingosine in which the ceramide N-acyl group is specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a N-acylsphingosine, a Cer(d34:1) and a N-palmitoyl-sphingoid base. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. 
it is a D-galactopyranose 1-phosphate having alpha-configuration at the anomeric centre. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a D-galactopyranose 1-phosphate and an alpha-D-hexose 1-phosphate. It derives from an alpha-D-galactose. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-D-it(2-). 
it is a member of the juvenile hormone family of compounds that is the methyl ester of (2E,6E)-9-[(2R)-3,3-dimethyloxiran-2-yl]-3,7-dimethylnona-2,6-dienoic acid. it is found in most insect species. It is an epoxide, an enoate ester, a fatty acid methyl ester and a juvenile hormone. 
it is the tartrate salt of arformoterol, the (R,R)-enantiomer of formoterol and a long-acting beta-2 adrenergic agonist with bronchodilator activity. Arformoterol selectively binds to and activates beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchiolar smooth muscle, thereby causing stimulation of adenyl cyclase, the enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased intracellular cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and lead to an inhibition of release of inflammatory mediators from mast cells. This may eventually lead to an improvement of airway function. 
it is a 5-oxo-2-furylacetic acid having a carboxy group at the 2-position. It is a furoic acid and a 5-oxo-2-furylacetic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(carboxylatomethyl)-5-oxo-2,5-dihydro-2-furoate(2-). 
it is an it having unsubstituted hydroxy groups. It has a role as a human metabolite, a plant metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a glycerol 1-phosphate and a member of its. It derives from a glycerol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). It is an enantiomer of a sn-glycerol 1-phosphate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as organic oxides. These are organic compounds containing an oxide group. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a divalent inorganic anion composed of four chlorine atoms bound to a central zinc atom. It is a divalent inorganic anion and a zinc coordination entity. 
it is the amide resulting from the formal condensation of 4-[(biphenyl-2-ylcarbonyl)amino]benzoic acid with the benzazepine nitrogen of 2-methyl-1,4,5,6-tetrahydroimidazo[4,5-d][1]benzazepine. It is an antagonist for two of the three types of arginine vasopressin (AVP) receptors, V1a and V2. It is used as its hydrochloride salt for the treatment of hyponatraemia (low blood sodium levels) caused by syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH). It has a role as a vasopressin receptor antagonist. 
1, 3-Diphenyl-2-propanone, also known as benzyl ketone or 1, 3-diphenylacetone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as linear 1, 3-diarylpropanoids. These are organic compounds with a structure based on a C6-C3-C6 skeleton, where the two benzene rings are not linked together. 1, 3-Diphenyl-2-propanone exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 1, 3-diphenyl-2-propanone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 3-Diphenyl-2-propanone has an almond, benzaldehyde, and bitter taste. 
it appears as a white or creamy-white volatile lustrous crystal or crystalline powder with a pungent sour smell. Melting point 340 deg C. Density 3.954 g / cm3 . Toxic by ingestion and inhalation. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is 1,8-dihydroxy-9,10-anthraquinone which is substituted at position 2 and 3 by 3-amino-1-hydroxy-3-oxopropyl and carboxymethyl groups, respectively, in which the hydroxy group beta- to the carboxamide has undergone formal condensation with the carboxy group to give the corresponding delta-lactone. Isolated from various strains of Kitasatospora aureofaciens (Streptomyces aureofaciens), it inhibits the growth of Ehrlich ascites carcinoma in vitro. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is an anthraquinone, a delta-lactone, a primary carboxamide, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. 
it is a tetrahydroxy-monohydroxy-flavone, with the four hydroxy groups at C-3',-4',-5 and 6, and the methoxy group at C-7. It has been isolated from a number of plant species, including Eremosparton songoricum, Rabdosia japonica and Ruellia tuberosa. It has a role as an EC 1.17.3.2 (xanthine oxidase) inhibitor and a metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavone and a monomethoxyflavone. 
it is an insecticide alkaloid isolated from South American plant it speciosa. It has a role as a ite receptor modulator and a phytogenic insecticide. It is an alkaloid and a cyclic hemiketal. 
Lipoglycopeptide antibiotic from Actinoplanes teichomyceticus active against gram-positive bacteria. It consists of five major components each with a different fatty acid moiety. 
it is an optically active form of histidine having D-configuration. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and a histidine. It is a conjugate base of a ittidinium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a ittidinate(1-). It is an enantiomer of a L-histidine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
A synthetic peptide that is identical to the 24-amino acid segment at the N-terminal of ADRENOCORTICOTROPIC HORMONE. ACTH (1-24), a segment similar in all species, contains the biological activity that stimulates production of CORTICOSTEROIDS in the ADRENAL CORTEX. 
it appears as odorless white to yellowish or grayish powder. Contains mainly the clay mineral itite (Al2O3(SiO2)2(H2O)2), a hydrous aluminosilicate. itite has mp 740-1785Â°C and density 2.65 g/cm3. ite is insoluble in water but darkens and develops a earthy odor when wet. it is a mixture consisting principally of the mineral itite and containing varying amounts of other minerals such as muscovite, quartz, feldspar, and anatase. Also known as it, it is a soft white clay that is an essential ingredient in the manufacture of china and porcelain and is widely used in the making of paper, rubber, paint, drying agents, and many other products. It has a role as an excipient and an antidiarrhoeal drug. It contains a itite. 
it is a tetracyclic hapalindole alkaloid that is produced by the Stigonematales genus of cyanobacteria. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is an isocyanide, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a hapalindole. 
it is the orally active fumarate salt of the benzimidazole derivative liarozole with potential antineoplastic activity. As a retinoic acid metabolism blocking agent (RAMBA), liarozole inhibits cytochrome P450-dependent all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA)-4-hydroxylase, resulting in an increase in endogenous ATRA production, inhibition of cell proliferation, and induction of cell differentiation. This agent also inhibits aromatase, the enzyme that catalyzes the final, rate-limiting step in estrogen biosynthesis. 
it is a D-galactopyranuronic acid with a beta-configuration at the anomeric center. It is a conjugate acid of a beta-D-galacturonate. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylamines. These are organic compounds containing a dialkylamine group, characterized by two alkyl groups bonded to the amino nitrogen. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in pulses. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazolin-4-one substituted at positions 2, 3 and 6 by propoxy, propyl and iodo groups respectively. A fungicide with the potential to control powdery mildew in a range of crops including cereals and grapes. It has a role as an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of quinazolines, an organoiodine compound and an aromatic ether. 
it is a hydrochloride obtained by reaction of lorcaserin with one equivalent of hydrochloric acid. Used as an anti-obesity drug. It has a role as a serotonergic agonist and an appetite depressant. It contains a lorcaserin(1+). 
2, 3-Diacetyloxypropyl icosanoate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. 2, 3-Diacetyloxypropyl icosanoate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a synthetic ethyl-cyclohexanol derivative used for the treatment of depression, it is metabolized to O-desmethylvenlafaxine, which potentiates CNS activity. Both venlafaxine and its active metabolite inhibit neuronal reuptake of norepinephrine, dopamine, and serotonin. (NCI04) 
it is a harmala alkaloid in which the harman skeleton is methoxy-substituted at C-7. It has a role as a metabolite, an anti-HIV agent and an EC 1.4.3.4 (monoamine oxidase) inhibitor. It derives from a hydride of a harman. 
it is an organic heteropentacyclic compound and polyketide that is 11a,11b-dihydrobenzo[b]cyclopenta[2,3]indeno[4,5-e][1,4]dioxine-6,8,9(8aH)-trione which is substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 7, and by methyl groups at the 3, 8a, 11 and 11b positions. A cathepsin K inhibitor, it was first isolated from Paecilomyces carneus and subsequently obtained from Aspergillus nidulans cocultivated with a soil-dwelling actinomycete. It has a role as an EC 3.4.22.38 (cathepsin K) inhibitor and a fungal metabolite. It is a polyketide, a member of phenols and an organic heteropentacyclic compound. 
it is a hydroxy-1,4-naphthoquinone that is 1,4-naphthoquinone having three hydroxy substituents placed at the 2-, 5- and 7-positions. It has a role as an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it-2-olate. 
3-Oxodecanoyl-CoA, also known as 3-ketodecanoyl-coa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. 3-Oxodecanoyl-CoA is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). 3-Oxodecanoyl-CoA has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-oxodecanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, 3-oxodecanoyl-CoA is involved in the fatty acid metabolism pathway. 3-Oxodecanoyl-CoA is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the mitochondrial Beta-oxidation OF medium chain saturated fatty acids pathway, long-chain-3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (lchad), long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (lcad), and carnitine palmitoyl transferase deficiency (II). 
it, also known as it or arg-arg, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dipeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of exactly two alpha-amino acids joined by a peptide bond. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Methylprednisolone Acetate is the acetate salt of a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with immunosuppressive and antiinflammatory effects. Methylprednisolone acetate is converted into active prednisolone in the body, which activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. This includes inducing synthesis of anti-inflammatory protein IkappaB-alpha and inhibiting synthesis of nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB). As a result, proinflammatory cytokine production such as IL-1, IL-2 and IL-6 is down-regulated and cytotoxic T-lymphocyte activation is inhibited. Therefore, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions may be achieved. 
it is a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid that is estriol in which the hydroxy group at position 17 has been epimersied from beta- to alpha- configuration. It is a metabolite of estradiol and a selective estrogen receptor beta (ER-beta) agonist. It has a role as an estrogen receptor agonist, a human urinary metabolite and an estrogen. It is a 16alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 3-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of an estrane. 
it is a bright orange red crystalline solid. It is readily ignited and burns producing a voluminous green residue. If heated in a closed container, the container may rupture due to the decomposition of the material. It may also act as a strong oxidizing agent if mixed with or contaminated with combustible material. It is soluble in water. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ethyl 3-oxo-3-phenylpropanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, acetophenone, and bitter taste. 
it is a kinase inhibitor with enhanced specificity for RET tyrosine kinase receptors (RTKs) over other RTK classes. Enhanced RET (Rearranged during transfection) oncogene expression is a hallmark of many cancers. Although multikinase inhibitors, including [cabozantinib], [ponatinib], [sorafenib], [sunitinib], and [vandetanib], have shown efficacy in RET-driven cancers, their lack of specificity is generally associated with substantial toxicity. it (LOXO-292) and pralsetinib (BLU-667) represent the first generation of specific RET RTK inhibitors for the treatment of RET-driven cancers.  Although it is currently still under investigation in clinical trial NCT04211337, it was granted accelerated FDA approval on May 8, 2020, for specific RET-driven cancer indications. It is currently marketed under the brand name itâ„¢ by Loxo Oncology Inc. it is an orally bioavailable selective inhibitor of wild-type, mutant and fusion products involving the proto-oncogene receptor tyrosine kinase rearranged during transfection (RET), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it selectively binds to and targets wild-type RET as well as various RET mutants and RET-containing fusion products. This results in an inhibition of cell growth of tumors cells that exhibit increased RET activity. In addition, it targets, binds to and inhibits vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 1 (VEGFR1) and 3 (VEGFR3), and fibroblast growth factor receptor 1 (FGFR1), 2 (FGFR2), and 3 (FGFR3). RET overexpression, activating mutations, and fusions result in the upregulation and/or overactivation of RET tyrosine kinase activity in various cancer cell types; dysregulation of RET activity plays a key role in the development and progression of these cancers. 
it is a sulfonium compound that is the S-adenosyl derivative of L-methionine. It is an intermediate in the metabolic pathway of methionine. It has a role as a coenzyme, a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a S-adenosyl-L-methioninate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the arenesulfonate oxoanion that is 8-methoxypyrene-1,3,6-trisulfonic acid deprotonated at each of the three sulfonic acid substituents. It is a conjugate base of an 8-methoxypyrene-1,3,6-trisulfonic acid. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is 5-nitroimidazole in which the hydrogens at positions 1 and 2 are replaced by methyl groups. An antiprotozoal drug, it has been banned by both the Government of Canada and the European Union as a livestock feed additive owing to suspicions of it being carcinogenic. It has a role as an antiprotozoal drug and an antiparasitic agent. It is a C-nitro compound and a member of imidazoles. 
it is a compound showing blue fluorescence, formed by a photolysis of riboflavin in acid or neutral solution. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It derives from an alloxazine. It is a tautomer of a 7,8-dimethylisoalloxazine. 
Small colorless crystals or white crystalline powder. Aqueous solution slightly alkaline to litmus. pH (5% water solution) 7.5-9. Odorless. Slightly bitter taste. (NTP, 1992) it is a pyrazolone that is 1,2-dihydro-3H-pyrazol-3-one substituted by a dimethylamino group at position 4, methyl groups at positions 1 and 5 and a phenyl group at position 2. It exhibits analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antipyretic properties. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, an antipyretic, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a tertiary amino compound and a pyrazolone. 
it is an it carrying a carboxy group at position 3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an indole-3-carboxylate. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of the 4'-epi-isomer of the anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic doxorubicin. Epirubicin intercalates into DNA and inhibits topoisomerase II, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and ultimately, interfering with RNA and protein synthesis. This agent also produces toxic free-radical intermediates and interacts with cell membrane lipids causing lipid peroxidation. 
Solavetivone, also known as katahdinone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Solavetivone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, solavetivone is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, solavetivone can be found in alcoholic beverages and potato. This makes solavetivone a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a steroid sulfate that is lithocholic acid in which the hydroxy hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a sulfo group. It derives from a lithocholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a lithocholate sulfate(2-). 
it is a pyridazinone, an organochlorine insecticide and an organochlorine acaricide. It has a role as a mitochondrial NADH:ubiquinone reductase inhibitor. 
it is a pyrimidine 2',3'-dideoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate having thymine as the nucleobase. It is a thymidine phosphate and a pyrimidine 2',3'-dideoxyribonucleoside 5'-triphosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is an acene that consists of five ortho-fused benzene rings in a rectilinear arrangement. It is an acene and a member of its. 
N(6)-(Delta(2)-isopentenyl)adenosine is a nucleoside analogue in which adenosine has been modified by substitution at the 6-amino nitrogen by a Delta(2)-isopentenyl group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a plant growth regulator and a plant metabolite. It is a nucleoside analogue and a N-ribosyl-N(6)-isopentenyladenine. It derives from an adenosine. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinases (CDKs) and tropomyosin receptor kinase A (TRKA), with potential antineoplastic activity. CDK2/TRKA inhibitor it AC potently inhibits cyclin-dependent kinase 2 (CDK2) and exhibits activity against other CDKs including CDK1 and CDK4, in addition to TRKA. Inhibition of these kinases may result in cell cycle arrest and apoptosis of tumor cells that express these kinases. CDKs are serine/threonine kinases involved in regulation of the cell cycle and may be overexpressed in some cancer cell types. The neurotrophin receptor TRKA is mutated in a variety of cancer cell types. 
A beta-adrenergic agonist. Nylidrin causes peripheral vasodilation, a positive inotropic effect, and increased gastric volume of gastric juice. It is used in the treatment of peripheral vascular disorders and premature labor. 
it is an indole alkaloid that is the 1-methoxy derivative of canthinone. Isolated from Ailanthus altissima and Leitneria floridana, it exhibits anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is an indole alkaloid, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and an aromatic ether. It derives from a canthin-6-one. 
D-it is the D-enantiomer of it. It has a role as an antioxidant. It is a it and an it. It is an enantiomer of a L-it. 
it appears as colorless monoclinic crystals if pure; technical grade brownish-yellow crystals or a sandy brown solid. Used in manufacture of dyes, photography, organic synthesis. it is a phenylenediamine in which the two amino groups are ortho to each other. It has a role as a hydrogen donor. It derives from a hydride of a benzene. 
it is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 6.15 at 20 â„ƒ. It is an organosulfonic acid and a it. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-(N-morpholino)ethanesulfonate. It is a tautomer of a 2-(N-morpholiniumyl)ethanesulfonate. 
it is an L-tyrosine derivative that consists of L-tyrosine bearing an additional methyl substituent at position 2. An inhibitor of the enzyme tyrosine 3-monooxygenase, and consequently of the synthesis of catecholamines. It is used to control the symptoms of excessive sympathetic stimulation in patients with pheochromocytoma. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent and an EC 1.14.16.2 (tyrosine 3-monooxygenase) inhibitor. It is a L-tyrosine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. it is a methylated tyrosine, a catecholamine synthesis antagonist with antihypertensive property. it competitively inhibits tyrosine 3-monooxygenase, an enzyme that activates molecular oxygen to catalyze the hydroxylation of tyrosine to dihydroxyphenylalanine (Dopa), an intermediate to catecholamine (dopamine, norepinephrine, and epinephrine) production. This agent reduces the elevated levels of catecholamines associated with pheochromocytoma, thereby preventing hypertension. 
it is a nitro compound in which the nitrogen of the nitro group is bonded to a chlorine. It is used as a nitrating and chlorinating agent in organic synthesis. It has a role as an oxidising agent, an apoptosis inducer and a reagent. It is a nitro compound and a chlorine molecular entity. 
it is a member of the class of imidazolines that is 2-aminomethyl-2-imidazoline in which the exocyclic amino hydrogens are replaced by benzyl and phenyl groups. it is only found in individuals that have taken the drug. It has a role as a H1-receptor antagonist, a cholinergic antagonist and a xenobiotic. It is a tertiary amino compound, an aromatic amine and a member of imidazolines. it is an ethylenediamine derivative with histamine H1 antagonistic and sedative properties. it antagonizes histamine H1 receptor and prevents the typical allergic symptoms caused by histamine activities on capillaries, skin, mucous membranes, and gastrointestinal and bronchial smooth muscles. These histamine activities include vasodilation, bronchoconstriction, increased vascular permeability, pain, itching, and spasmodic contractions of gastrointestinal smooth muscles. it is used to provide symptomatic relieve of allergic symptoms. 
Lead tetraacetate is an acetate salt with formula it. It is used as a selective oxidising agent in organic synthesis. It has a role as an oxidising agent. It is an acetate salt and a lead molecular entity. It contains a lead(4+) and an acetate. 
it has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Dyslipidemia, Hyperlipidemia, Hypercholesterolemia, Hepatic Insufficiency, and Cardiovascular Disease. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is podophyllotoxin in which the methyl ether group at position 4 of the trimethoxyphenyl group has been cleaved to afford the corresponding phenol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a furonaphthodioxole, an organic heterotetracyclic compound and a member of phenols. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of sibutramine, a phenethylamine derivative with appetite depressant property. it metabolites M1 and M2 competitively inhibit the reuptake of norepinephrine, serotonin, and to a lesser degree dopamine by pre-synaptic nerve terminals, thereby promoting a sense of satiety, leading to a decrease in calorie intake, and possibly an increase in resting metabolic rate. This agent does not exhibit anticholinergic or antihistaminic effects. 
2-Benzyl-5-hydroxymethyl-1, 3-dioxolane, also known as 2-benzyl-1, 3-dioxolan-4-ylmethanol or 4-(hydroxymethyl)-2-benzyl-1, 3-dioxolane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 2-Benzyl-5-hydroxymethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-benzyl-5-hydroxymethyl-1, 3-dioxolane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Quinidine is an alkaloid extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree with class 1A antiarrhythmic and antimalarial effects. Quinidine stabilizes the neuronal membrane by binding to and inhibiting voltage-gated sodium channels, thereby inhibiting the sodium influx required for the initiation and conduction of impulses resulting in an increase of the threshold for excitation and decreased depolarization during phase 0 of the action potential. In addition, the effective refractory period (ERP), action potential duration (APD), and ERP/APD ratios are increased, resulting in decreased conduction velocity of nerve impulses. Quinidine exerts its antimalarial activity by acting primarily as an intra-erythrocytic schizonticide through association with the heme polymer (hemazoin) in the acidic food vacuole of the parasite thereby preventing further polymerization by heme polymerase enzyme. This results in accumulation of toxic heme and death of the parasite. 
it is a glycoside compound, extracted from the leaves and seeds of the common foxglove, with anti-arrhythmic property. it inhibits the enzymatic activity of the sodium-potassium ATPase pump in cardiac tissue, thereby increasing intracellular sodium and calcium levels and providing a positive inotropic effect. This results in increased force of myocardial muscle contraction. This agent also has a vagal effect on the parasympathetic nervous system, and as such slows the ventricular heart rate as well as helps eliminate fluid from body tissues. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, BREAST CANCER, Multiple Myeloma, and NUT Midline Carcinoma, among others. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of both phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) class I and pan histone deacetylase (HDAC) enzymes, with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, fimepinostat inhibits the activity of both PI3K class I isoforms and HDAC, thereby preventing the activation of the PI3K-AKT-mTOR signal transduction pathway that is often overactivated in many cancer cell types. This may prevent growth of PI3K and/or HDAC-expressing tumor cells. it shows an increased inhibition of tumor cell growth and induction of apoptosis when compared to inhibitors that target either PI3K or HDAC. 
it is an arabidopside that is arabidopside A in which the hydrogen of the hydroxy group at position 6 of the beta-D-galactosyl moiety is replaced by an alpha-D-galactosyl group. It is an arabidopside, a beta-D-galactoside, a diester, a glycosylgalactose derivative and a glycoglycerolipid. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Leukemia, Meningeal Neoplasm, and Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors. it is a synthetic oxazaphosphorine derivative with antineoplastic properties. it alkylates DNA, forming DNA cross-links and inhibiting DNA synthesis. Although closely related to cyclophosphamide, it, unlike cyclophosphamide, does not require hepatic activation to generate its active metabolite 4-hydroxy-cyclophosphamide; accordingly, it is potentially useful in the intrathecal treatment of neoplastic meningitis. (NCI04) 
it is the (3S)-trans-diastereomer of 3-hydroxy-L-proline. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is an it having myo- configuration. It has a role as a member of compatible osmolytes, a nutrient, an EC 3.1.4.11 (phosphoinositide phospholipase C) inhibitor, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. it is a natural sugar found in cell membrane phospholipids, plasma lipoproteins, and (as the phosphate form) in the nucleus with potential chemopreventive properties. As one of a number of intracellular phosphate compounds, it is involved in cell signaling and may stimulate tumor cell differentiation. (NCI04) 
it is a hydrate that is the hemihydrate form of lorcaserin hydrochloride. Used as an anti-obesity drug. It has a role as an appetite depressant and a serotonergic agonist. It contains a lorcaserin hydrochloride. 
it is an L-alanine derivative that is the amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-[(3,5-difluorophenyl)acetyl]-L-alanine with the amino group of (3S)-3-amino-1-methyl-5-phenyl-1,3-dihydro-2H-1,4-benzodiazepin-2-one. An inhibitor of memapsin 2 (gamma-secretase). It has a role as an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor. It is a 1,4-benzodiazepinone, a L-alanine derivative and a difluorobenzene. 
it is a cyclitol phosphate that is validamine carrying a single monophosphate substituent at position 7. It is an amino cyclitol and a cyclitol phosphate. It derives from a validamine. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
1-Ethyl-3, 5-dimethoxybenzene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dimethoxybenzenes. These are organic aromatic compounds containing a monocyclic benzene moiety carrying exactly two methoxy groups. 1-Ethyl-3, 5-dimethoxybenzene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
Norbixin, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyclic diterpenoids. These are diterpenoids (compounds made of four consecutive isoprene units) that do not contain a cycle. Norbixin is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, norbixin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, norbixin can be found in a number of food items such as red algae, pear, persian lime, and tree fern. This makes norbixin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is an alkyl alcohol that is 2,6-dimethylheptane carrying a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a Daphnia pulex metabolite. It is an alkyl alcohol and a primary alcohol. 
it, also known as glutamic acid, Î³-methyl ester, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glutamic acid and derivatives. Glutamic acid and derivatives are compounds containing glutamic acid or a derivative thereof resulting from reaction of glutamic acid at the amino group or the carboxy group, or from the replacement of any hydrogen of glycine by a heteroatom. it is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it, also known as fema 3489, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, banana, and cooling taste. 
it is a member of the class of oxanes carrying a vinyl substituent at position 2 as well as three methyl substituents at positions 2, 6 and 6. It is a member of oxanes and an olefinic compound. 
Artesunate is a water-soluble, semi-synthetic derivative of the sesquiterpine lactone artemisinin with anti-malarial, anti-schistosomiasis, antiviral, and potential anti-neoplastic activities. Upon hydrolysis of artesunate's active endoperoxide bridge moiety by liberated heme in parasite-infected red blood cells, reactive oxygen species and carbon-centered radicals form, which have been shown to damage and kill parasitic organisms. Additionally, in vitro studies demonstrate that this agent induces DNA breakage in a dose-dependent manner. Artesunate has also been shown to stimulate cell differentiation, arrest the cell cycle in the G1 and G2/M phases, inhibit cell proliferation, and induce apoptosis through mitochondrial and caspase signaling pathways. Artemisinin is isolated from the plant Artemisia annua. 
it is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. It is decomposed by water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. It is used as an intermediate for silicones. 
it is the acetate salt of a synthetic glucocorticoid receptor agonist with immunosuppressive and antiinflammatory effects. it is converted into active prednisolone in the body, which activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. This includes inducing synthesis of anti-inflammatory protein IkappaB-alpha and inhibiting synthesis of nuclear factor kappaB (NF-kappaB). As a result, proinflammatory cytokine production such as IL-1, IL-2 and IL-6 is down-regulated and cytotoxic T-lymphocyte activation is inhibited. Therefore, an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions may be achieved. 
it is a dihydroxybenzoic acid that is olivetolic acid in which the hydrogen at position 3 is substituted by a geranyl group. A biosynthetic precursor to Delta(9)-tetrahydrocannabinol, the principal psychoactive constituent of the cannabis plant. It is a dihydroxybenzoic acid, a diterpenoid, a polyketide, a member of resorcinols and a phytocannabinoid. It derives from an olivetolic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a cannabigerolate. 
A cyclic octapeptide with a thioether bridge between the cystine and tryptophan. It inhibits RNA POLYMERASE II. Poisoning may require LIVER TRANSPLANTATION. 
it is an amino alcohol that is propanol substituted by 1H-imidazol-4-yl group at position 3 and an amino group at position 2 (the 2S stereoisomer). It has a role as an EC 2.3.1.97 (glycylpeptide N-tetradecanoyltransferase) inhibitor, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a member of imidazoles and an amino alcohol. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols that is alpha-methylbenzyl alcohol substituted by a methoxy group at position 4. It is a monomethoxybenzene and a member of benzyl alcohols. 
Alpha-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-galactosyl-N-(pentacosanoyl)sphingosine is a it consisting of an alpha-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-galactosyl moiety attached at position 1 of N-(pentacosanoyl)sphingosine via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a mouse metabolite and a rat metabolite. It is a it and an alpha-D-galactosyl-(1->4)-beta-D-galactosyl-(1<->1')-ceramide(d18:1(4E)). It derives from a pentacosanoic acid and an alpha-D-Galp-(1->4)-beta-D-Galp. 
it is a branched alkane consisting of tridecane bearing a single methyl substituent at position 4. It has a role as a plant metabolite. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyfluorenes that is 9H-fluorene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 2. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
Nystatin is a topical and oral antifungal agent with activity against many species of yeast and candida albicans, which is used largely to treat skin and oropharyngeal candidiasis. Nystatin is not absorbed orally and has not been linked to drug induced liver injury. 
it is a DEA Schedule II controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule II have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence. 
it is an organic chloride salt having it(1+) as the counterion. It has a role as a dye, an apoptosis inducer and an antineoplastic agent. It contains a it(1+). 
it is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. It is decomposed by water to hydrochloric acid with evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it, also known as cuminic acetaldehyde or p-cymene-7-carboxaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an aldehydic, cortex, and cumin taste. 
it is an anthoit cation that is cyanidin(1+) carrying two beta-D-glucosyl residues at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an anthoit cation and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a cyanidin cation. It is a conjugate acid of a it betaine. 
it is the monoiodotyrosine that is L-tyrosine carrying an iodo-substituent at position C-3 of the benzyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite, an EC 1.14.16.2 (tyrosine 3-monooxygenase) inhibitor and a mouse metabolite. It is a L-tyrosine derivative, a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid and a monoiodotyrosine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is an intermediate in the production of thyroid hormones and derivative of tyrosine where the carbon at position 3 in the benzyl group has been iodinated by thyroid peroxidase. 3-iodotyrosine (mono-iodotyrosine) can be further iodinated by thyroid peroxidase to form di- and tri-iodo forms. Mono-iodotyrosine can combine with a di-iodotyrosine to form triiodothyronine (T3) and two di-iodotyrosines can combine to form thyroxine (T4). 
it is a benzoic acid compound having an iodyl substituent at the ortho-position. It is a member of benzoic acids and an organoiodine compound. It is a tautomer of a 1-hydroxy-1,3-dioxobenziodoxole. 
it is a methyl derivative of noroxymorphone with selective, opioid-receptor antagonistic activity. it displaces opioids from peripheral opioid receptors in the gastrointestinal tract, the bladder, and the skin, resulting in decreases in opioid-related constipation, urinary retention, and pruritis, respectively. it does not cross the blood-brain barrier and does not affect the centrally-mediated analgesic effect of opioids. 
it is a glycopeptide originally isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces verticillus which contains a (4'R)-4',5'-dihydro-2,4'-bi-1,3-thiazole-2',4-diyl moiety with a a 4-guanidylbutylaminocarbonyl group attached to the 4-position of the terminal thiazole ring. Like all phleomycins, it can form complexes with redox-active metals such as Co, Cu, and Fe. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antifungal agent, an antimicrobial agent, an antibacterial agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a chelate-forming peptide, a member of guanidines, a disaccharide derivative, a bi-1,3-thiazole and a glycopeptide. 
it, also known as it or fema 3055, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it has a sweet, brown, and caramel taste. 
it is the hydrochloride salt of mepivacaine. It is used as a local anaesthetic. It has a role as a local anaesthetic. It is a piperidinecarboxamide and a hydrochloride. It derives from a mepivacaine. it is the hydrochloride salt form of mepivacaine, an amide derivative with local anesthetic properties. At the injection site, it acts by binding to specific membrane sodium ion channels in the neuronal cell membranes, thereby inhibiting sodium influx. This leads to a blockage of nerve impulse conduction and results in a loss of sensation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as galloyl esters. These are organic compounds that contain an ester derivative of 3, 4, 5-trihydroxybenzoic acid. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, phenethyl 6-galloylglucoside is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, phenethyl 6-galloylglucoside can be found in green vegetables and herbs and spices. This makes phenethyl 6-galloylglucoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2-Ethyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine, also known as 2, 6-dimethyl-3-ethyl-pyrazine or fema 3150, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 2-Ethyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-ethyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Ethyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 2-Ethyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine is a burnt almonds, coffee, and potato tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as green vegetables, coffee and coffee products, cereals and cereal products, and tea. This makes 2-ethyl-3, 5-dimethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of glucocorticoids that is Delta(1)-progesterone substituted at positions 11beta and 17 by hydroxy groups, at position 6alpha by a methyl group and at position 9 by a fluoro group. Used for the treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug. It is a fluorinated steroid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a glucocorticoid, a 17alpha-hydroxy steroid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a Delta(1)-progesterone. it is a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic properties. it exerts its effects by interacting with cytoplasmic glucocorticoid receptors and subsequently activates glucocorticoid receptor mediated gene expression. The synthesis of certain anti-inflammatory proteins is induced while the synthesis of certain inflammatory mediators is inhibited. As a result, there is an overall reduction in chronic inflammation and autoimmune reactions. 
2, 3-Dihydro-5-methylthiophene, also known as 2-methyl-4, 5-dihydrothiophene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydrothiophenes. Dihydrothiophenes are compounds containing a dihydrothiophene moiety, which is a thiophene derivative with only one double bond. Within the cell, 2, 3-dihydro-5-methylthiophene is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a member of the class of acetamides that is acetamide in which one of the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen atom is replaced by a 2-(5-methoxy-1H-indol-3-yl)ethyl group. It is a hormone secreted by the pineal gland in humans. It has a role as a hormone, an anticonvulsant, an immunological adjuvant, a radical scavenger, a central nervous system depressant, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a member of acetamides and a member of tryptamines. It derives from a tryptamine. Therapeutic it is a therapeutic chemically synthesized form of the pineal indole it with antioxidant properties. The pineal synthesis and secretion of it, a serotonin-derived neurohormone, is dependent on beta-adrenergic receptor function. it is involved in numerous biological functions including circadian rhythm, sleep, the stress response, aging, and immunity. 
it is a pyridinium ion comprising nicotinamide having a methyl group at the 1-position. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a nicotinamide. 
A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium such as the aqueous humor. 
4-quinolone is a quinolone that is 1,4-dihydroquinoline substituted by an oxo group at position 4. It is a tautomer of a it. 
it is the R-enantiomer of etodolac. It is inactive, in contrast to the enantiomer, (S)-etodolac, which is a preferential inhibitor of cyclo-oxygenase 2 and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory. The racemate is commonly used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis, and for the alleviation of postoperative pain. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-etodolac. 
Alpha-L-Fucp-(1->3)-[beta-D-Galp-(1->4)]-D-GlcpNAc is an amino trisaccharide consisting of N-acetylglucosamine having a fucosyl residue attached at the 3-position via an alpha-linkage and a galactosyl residue attached at the 4-position via a beta-linkage. It has a role as an epitope and an antigen. It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is conjugate base of D-tagaturonic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-tagaturonic acid. 
Trans-5-O-caffeoyl-D-quinic acid is a cinnamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of trans-caffeic acid with the 5-hydroxy group of quinic acid. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a cyclitol carboxylic acid and a cinnamate ester. It derives from a (-)-quinic acid and a trans-caffeic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a trans-5-O-caffeoyl-D-quinate. 
it is an aromatic amino acid that is 2-amino-5-ethylphenylacetic acid in which one of the amino hydrogens is replaced by a 2,3,5,6-tetrafluorophenyl group. A selective cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor that is used in veterinary medicine for the relief of pain and inflammation in cats and dogs. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic and a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor. It is an aromatic amino acid, a monocarboxylic acid, an organofluorine compound, a secondary amino compound and a member of phenylacetic acids. 
it is a flavonoid phytoalexin that is (S)-naringenin in which the hydroxy group at position 7 is replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as an antimycobacterial drug and a plant metabolite. It is a dihydroxyflavanone, a monomethoxyflavanone, a flavonoid phytoalexin, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched alkanes. These are acyclic branched hydrocarbons having the general formula CnH2n+2. Thus, is considered to be a hydrocarbon lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, can be found in fruits, herbs and spices, and pulses. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of decanoic acid. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a decanoic acid and a coenzyme A. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is the sodium salt of methotrexate, an antimetabolite with antineoplastic and immunomodulating properties. Methotrexate binds to and inhibits the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase, resulting in inhibition of purine nucleotide and thymidylate synthesis and, subsequently, inhibition of DNA and RNA syntheses. Methotrexate also exhibits potent immunosuppressant properties. (NCI04) 
it is a tetrapeptide composed of two L-asparagine units, L-proline and L-serine joined in sequence by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-asparagine, a L-proline and a L-serine. 
it is a phenolate anion that is the conjugate base of it(1-). It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it is the sulfate salt form of metaproterenol, a short-acting and selective sympathomimetic beta-receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. it binds beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle and stimulates intracellular adenyl cyclase, thereby increasing the production of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, improve mucocliary clearance and reduce inflammatory cell mediator release, especially from mast cells. 
it is a tetrahydroxyflavanone having a structure of naringenin bearing an additional hydroxyl substituent at position 2' as well as a (2R)-5-methyl-2-(prop-1-en-2-yl)hex-4-en-1-yl (lavandulyl) substituent at position 8'. It has a role as an antioxidant, an antimalarial, an antimicrobial agent and a plant metabolite. It is a tetrahydroxyflavanone, a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones and a (2S)-flavan-4-one. It derives from a (S)-naringenin. 
it, also known as glutaconyl-1-CoA or pent-2-enoyl-CoA, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-enoyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a coenzyme A substructure linked to a 2-enoyl chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, glutaconyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a tetrachlorobiphenyl that is biphenyl in which the hydrogens at positions 2, 4, 5, and 2' are replaced by chlorines. It is a tetrachlorobiphenyl, a trichlorobenzene and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate having adenine as the nucleobase. It has a role as an EC 3.1.3.11 (fructose-bisphosphatase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.3.1 (alkaline phosphatase) inhibitor, an adenosine A1 receptor agonist, a nutraceutical, a micronutrient, a fundamental metabolite and a cofactor. It is an adenosine 5'-phosphate and a purine ribonucleoside 5'-monophosphate. It is a conjugate base of an it(1+). It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is the orally bioavailable malate salt of an indolinone-based tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Sunitinib blocks the tyrosine kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), platelet-derived growth factor receptor b (PDGFRb), and c-kit, thereby inhibiting angiogenesis and cell proliferation. This agent also inhibits the phosphorylation of Fms-related tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3), another receptor tyrosine kinase expressed by some leukemic cells. 
Gadofosveset Trisodium is the trisodium salt form of gadofosveset, an injectable, intravascular, amphiphilic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) used with magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) imaging. Gadofosveset is a stable gadolinium diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (Gd-DTPA) chelate derivative with a diphenylcyclohexylphosphate group. Upon injection, gadofosveset binds reversibly to endogenous serum albumin which increases its intravascular retention time compared to non-protein binding contrast agents. The serum albumin binding also increases T1-relaxivity of gadofosveset. This produces an increase in signal intensity of blood, thereby enhancing the visualization of blood vessels upon MRA and may aid in the diagnosis of certain blood vessels and heart disorders. 
it is a D-ribonucleotide having nicotinic acid as the nucleobase. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a nicotinate D-ribonucleotide(2-). 
it is a leptomycin having a (2E,10E,12E,16Z,18E)-double bond configuration as well as an ethyl substituent at position 17. It has a role as an antifungal agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a leptomycin and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. It derives from a tetracosanoic acid. 
it is a pyranoindolizinoquinoline that is camptothecin in which the hydrogen at position 9 has been replaced by a nitro group. It is a prodrug for 9-aminocamptothecin. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an EC 5.99.1.2 (DNA topoisomerase) inhibitor and a prodrug. It is a pyranoindolizinoquinoline, a C-nitro compound, a semisynthetic derivative, a tertiary alcohol and a delta-lactone. it is a semisynthetic agent related to camptothecin with potent antitumor and antiviral properties. it binds to and inhibits the enzyme topoisomerase I and induces protein-linked DNA single-strand breaks, thereby blocking DNA and RNA synthesis in dividing cells; this agent also prevents repair of reversible single-strand DNA breaks. (NCI04) 
it is a tetracyclic diterpenoid consisting of sordaricin in which the primary hydroxy hydrogen has been replaced by a 6-deoxy-beta-D-altropyranosyl group. It has a role as a fungal metabolite. It is a tetracyclic diterpenoid, a monosaccharide derivative, a glycoside, an aldehyde, a bridged compound and a 3-oxo monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it(1-) is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of hydroxyphosphanone. It is a monovalent inorganic anion and a phosphorus oxoanion. It is a conjugate base of a hydroxyphosphanone. 
it is a member of the class of guanidines that is tetrahydropyrimidin-2(1H)-imine in which the hydrogen of the imino group is replaced by a thiazol-2-yl group which in turn is substituted by a 2-(2,4-dimethylphenoxy)phenyl group at position 4. It has been used for the topical treatment of fungal nail infections. It has a role as an antifungal drug. It is a member of 1,3-thiazoles, an aromatic ether and a member of guanidines. 
it is a monohalogenated 8-hydroxyquinoline with activity against bacteria, fungi, and protozoa. it is reported to have activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis, including strains that show resistance to common first-line antibacterial agents. 
Glycocholic acid, also known as glycocholate or cholylglycine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as glycinated bile acids and derivatives. Glycinated bile acids and derivatives are compounds with a structure characterized by the presence of a glycine linked to a bile acid skeleton. Glycocholic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Glycocholic acid has been found in human hepatic tissue, prostate and liver tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as feces, urine, and blood. Within the cell, glycocholic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Glycocholic acid participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Chenodeoxycholic acid glycine conjugate and glycocholic acid can be biosynthesized from chenodeoxycholoyl-CoA and glycine; which is mediated by the enzyme bile acid-coa:amino acid N-acyltransferase. In addition, Glycocholic acid can be biosynthesized from choloyl-CoA and glycine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme bile acid-coa:amino acid N-acyltransferase. In humans, glycocholic acid is involved in congenital bile acid synthesis defect type II pathway, bile acid biosynthesis pathway, congenital bile acid synthesis defect type III pathway, and the cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) pathway. Glycocholic acid is also involved in a few metabolic disorders, which include the familial hypercholanemia (fhca) pathway, 27-hydroxylase deficiency, and the zellweger syndrome pathway. 
it is an acyl-CoA that results from the formal condensation of the thiol group of coenzyme A with the carboxy group of propionic acid. It has a role as a metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a coenzyme A and a propionic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a green-black odorless solid. It is toxic by ingestion and an irritant to skin. It may react with water to produce corrosive hydrochloric acid and toxic fumes. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with an ammonia-like odor. Flash point 70Â°F. Less dense (at 6.2 lb / gal) than water. Vapors heavier than air. Toxic oxides of nitrogen produced during combustion. it is a primary aliphatic amine that is ethylamine substituted by two methyl groups at position 1. It is a conjugate base of a tert-butylammonium. 
A methylpyrrole-carboxylate from RYANIA that disrupts the it RECEPTOR CALCIUM RELEASE CHANNEL to modify CALCIUM release from SARCOPLASMIC RETICULUM resulting in alteration of MUSCLE CONTRACTION. It was previously used in INSECTICIDES. It is used experimentally in conjunction with THAPSIGARGIN and other inhibitors of CALCIUM ATPASE uptake of calcium into SARCOPLASMIC RETICULUM. 
it is a tripeptide composed of one L-tyrosine and two glycine residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a metabolite. 
Hexamethyl disilazane appears as a liquid. May be toxic by ingestion. Irritates skin and eyes. Vapors are heavier than air. May emit highly toxic nitrogen oxide fumes when heated to decomposition. Used to make other chemicals. it is an N-silyl compound obtained from ammonia by replacement of two of the hydrogens with trimethylsilyl groups. it is a derivatisation agent used in gas chromatography mass spectrometry applications. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It derives from a hydride of an ammonia. 
(5alpha)-cholestan-3beta-ol is a cholestanoid that is (5alpha)-cholestane substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 3. It is a cholestanoid and a 3beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is kynurenic acid which is substituted by a methoxy group at position 8. It has a role as a metabolite, a carcinogenic agent and a mouse metabolite. It is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid and a monohydroxyquinoline. It derives from a kynurenic acid. 
it was researched in 1970s as an antidepressant but was never commercialized. it is an analog of pirandamine and it acts as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI). 
it is a macrolide that is 4,15-dioxabicyclo[9.3.1]pentadec-9-en-3-one substituted by a hydroxy group at position 14 and a methyl group at position 5 (the 1R,5S,9E,11R,14S stereoisomer). It is isolated from the marine-derived fungus Aspergillus ostianus and exhibits cytotoxic activity against mouse lymphocytic leukemia cells (L1210). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an Aspergillus metabolite. It is a macrolide, a secondary alcohol, a bridged compound and a cyclic ether. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid with formula C31H48O4, originally isolated from the roots of Tripterygium regelii. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid, a cyclic ketone, a secondary alcohol and a methyl ester. It derives from a hydride of an ursane. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
it is a lactone which is 9-methyl-1,5-dioxonane-2,6-dione substituted by a benzyl group at position 8, a [(3-hydroxy-pyridine-2-yl)carbonyl]amino group at position 3 and an isobutyryloxy group at position 7. It is isolated from the mycelia cake of Streptomyces sp. 517-02 and exhibits potent antifungal activity. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, an antifungal agent and a bacterial metabolite. It is a lactone, a monohydroxypyridine, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02514447 (it (it), a CDK 4/6 Inhibitor, in Patients With Previously Treated Extensive Stage SCLC Receiving Topotecan Chemotherapy). it is a small molecule, competitive inhibitor of cyclin dependent kinases 4 and 6 (CDK4/6), with potential antineoplastic and chemoprotective activities. Upon intravenous administration, it binds to and inhibits the activity of CDK4/6, thereby blocking the phosphorylation of the retinoblastoma protein (Rb) in early G1. This prevents G1/S phase transition, causes cell cycle arrest in the G1 phase, induces apoptosis, and inhibits the proliferation of CDK4/6-overexpressing tumor cells. In patients with CDK4/6-independent tumor cells, it may protect against multi-lineage chemotherapy-induced myelosuppression (CIM) by transiently and reversibly inducing G1 cell cycle arrest in hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells (HSPCs) and preventing transition to the S phase. This protects all hematopoietic lineages, including red blood cells, platelets, neutrophils and lymphocytes, from the DNA-damaging effects of certain chemotherapeutics and preserves the function of the bone marrow and the immune system. CDKs are serine/threonine kinases involved in the regulation of the cell cycle and may be overexpressed in certain cancer cell types. HSPCs are dependent upon CDK4/6 for proliferation. 
2-Amino-3-carboxymuconic acid semialdehyde, also known as 2-amino-3-(3-oxoprop-1-en-1-yl)but-2-enedioate or ACS, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha amino acids. These are amino acids in which the amino group is attached to the carbon atom immediately adjacent to the carboxylate group (alpha carbon). 2-Amino-3-carboxymuconic acid semialdehyde is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 2-Amino-3-carboxymuconic acid semialdehyde has been found in human brain, liver and kidney tissues. Within the cell, 2-amino-3-carboxymuconic acid semialdehyde is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Amino-3-carboxymuconic acid semialdehyde participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, 2-Amino-3-carboxymuconic acid semialdehyde can be biosynthesized from 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid; which is catalyzed by the enzyme 3, 4-dihydroxyphenylacetaldehyde. In addition, 2-Amino-3-carboxymuconic acid semialdehyde can be converted into 2-aminomuconic acid semialdehyde; which is mediated by the enzyme 2-amino-3-carboxymuconate-6-semialdehyde decarboxylase. In humans, 2-amino-3-carboxymuconic acid semialdehyde is involved in the tryptophan metabolism pathway. 
it, also known as PCh, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acyl cholines. These are acylated derivatives of choline. Choline or 2-Hydroxy-N, N, N-trimethylethanaminium is a quaternary ammonium salt with the chemical formula (CH3)3N+(CH2)2OH. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01487109 (A Phase 2 Study to Evaluate the Safety and Efficacy of it in Type 2 Diabetic Nephropathy Patients). 
belongs to the class of organic compounds known as butenolides. These are dihydrofurans with a carbonyl group at the C2 carbon atom. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). has a fruity and minty taste. 
it is the (S)-enantiomer of 3-(indol-3-yl)-2-oxobutyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (S)-3-(indol-3-yl)-2-oxobutyrate. It is an enantiomer of a (R)-3-(indol-3-yl)-2-oxobutyric acid. 
it is an eighteen-membered homodetic cyclic peptide which is isolated from Oscillatoria sp. and exhibits antimalarial activity against the W2 chloroquine-resistant strain of the malarial parasite, Plasmodium falciparum. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. It is a homodetic cyclic peptide, a macrocycle, a member of 1,3-oxazoles and a member of 1,3-thiazoles. 
it is a medium-chain fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of undecanoic acid; used in tandem with testosterone cation in the treatment of male hypogonadism. Major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a medium-chain fatty acid anion and a straight-chain saturated fatty acid anion. It is a conjugate base of an undecanoic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human liver and kidney tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. 
it is a valiolamine derivative and inhibitor of alpha-glucosidase with antihyperglycemic activity. it binds to and inhibits alpha-glucosidase, an enteric enzyme found in the brush border of the small intestines that hydrolyzes oligosaccharides and disaccharides into glucose and other monosaccharides. This prevents the breakdown of larger carbohydrates into glucose and decreases the rise in postprandial blood glucose levels. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid comprising hexanoic acid carrying an amino group at C-2. It does not occur naturally. It is a 2-aminohexanoic acid and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a L-2-aminohexanoate. It is an enantiomer of a D-it. It is a tautomer of a L-2-aminohexanoic acid zwitterion. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone that is a (3aS,9bS)-3-methylidenedecahydroazuleno[4,5-b]furan-2(3H)-one heterotricyclic ring system with a hydroxymethyl, hydroxy, acetate, and methyl group substituents at positions 6, 6a, 9, and 9a respectively. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a sesquiterpene lactone, a gamma-lactone, an organic heterotricyclic compound and an acetate ester. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of clonidine, an imidazoline derivate and centrally-acting alpha-adrenergic agonist as well as antagonist with antihypertensive activity. it binds to and stimulates central alpha-2 adrenergic receptors, thereby decreasing sympathetic outflow to the heart, kidneys, and peripheral vasculature. The reduction in sympathetic outflow, leads to decreased peripheral vascular resistance, decreased blood pressure, and decreased heart rate. 
it is a diphenylethane that is 1,2-dihydrostilbene substituted by a methyl group at position 1. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a 1,2-dihydrostilbene. 
(R)-it is a it having R-configuration. It has a role as an antidote to curare poisoning, a B vitamin and a human blood serum metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-pantothenate. it is a water-soluble vitamin ubiquitously found in plants and animal tissues with antioxidant property. it is a component of coenzyme A (CoA) and a part of the vitamin B2 complex. it is a growth factor and is essential for various metabolic functions, including the metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, and fatty acids. This vitamin is also involved in the synthesis of cholesterol, lipids, neurotransmitters, steroid hormones, and hemoglobin. 
Prednisolone Sodium Phosphate is the sodium phosphate salt form of prednisolone, a synthetic glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory and immunomodulating properties. As a glucocorticoid receptor agonist, prednisolone sodium phosphate binds to specific intracellular glucocorticoid receptors, and causes the ligand- receptor complex to be translocated to the nucleus where it initiates the transcription of glucocorticoid-responsive genes such as various cytokines and lipocortins. Lipocortins inhibit phospholipase A2, thereby blocking the release of arachidonic acid from membrane phospholipids and preventing the synthesis of prostaglandins and leukotrienes, both potent mediators of inflammation. This agent also decreases the number of circulating lymphocytes, induces cell differentiation, and stimulates apoptosis in sensitive tumor cell populations. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-alpha-aspartyl and L-phenylalanine residues. It is obtained after the hydrolysis of aspartame in intestinal lumen. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a human blood serum metabolite. 
it is a pyrazolopyrimidine that is pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidine bearing quinolin-4-yl and 4-isopropyloxyphenyl substituents at positions 3 and 6 respectively. It has a role as a protein kinase inhibitor, a bone morphogenetic protein receptor antagonist and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinolines, a pyrazolopyrimidine and an aromatic ether. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 
it is histamine having a gamma-L-glutamyl group attached to the side-chain nitrogen. It derives from a histamine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it appears as a white crystalline solid. Denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is the phosphate salt of chloroquine, a quinoline compound with antimalarial and anti-inflammatory properties. Chloroquine is the most widely used drug against malaria, except for those cases caused by chloroquine resistant Plasmodium falciparum. Although the mechanism of action is not fully understood, chloroquine is shown to inhibit the parasitic enzyme heme polymerase that converts the toxic heme into non-toxic hemazoin, thereby resulting in the accumulation of toxic heme within the parasite. Chloroquine may also interfere with the biosynthesis of nucleic acids. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-oxopentanoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid anion and a member of oxopentanoates. It derives from a valerate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxopentanoic acid. 
it is a steroid sulfate. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.33 (pantothenate kinase) inhibitor and a human metabolite. It derives from a pregnenolone. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a cyclic ether that is 16,17-dihydro-2H-8,4-(metheno)pyrazolo[4,3-h][2,5,11]benzoxadiazacyclotetradecin-15(10H)-one substituted by methyl groups at positions 2 and 10R, and by cyano, amino and fluoro groups at positions 3, 7 and 12 respectively. It is a small molecule inhibitor of ALK and ROS1 kinase developed by Pfizer for the treatment of ALK-positive non-small cell lung cancer. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an EC 2.7.10.1 (receptor protein-tyrosine kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of pyrazoles, a member of monofluorobenzenes, an aromatic ether, a nitrile, a member of benzamides, an azamacrocycle, an aminopyridine, a cyclic ether and an organic heterotetracyclic compound. it is an orally available, ATP-competitive inhibitor of the receptor tyrosine kinases, anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) and C-ros oncogene 1 (Ros1), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits both ALK and ROS1 kinases. The kinase inhibition leads to disruption of ALK- and ROS1-mediated signaling and eventually inhibits tumor cell growth in ALK- and ROS1-overexpressing tumor cells. In addition, it is able to cross the blood brain barrier. ALK belongs to the insulin receptor superfamily and plays an important role in nervous system development; ALK dysregulation and gene rearrangements are associated with a series of tumors. ROS1, overexpressed in certain cancer cells, plays a key role in cell growth and survival of cancer cells. 
it is a member of the class of pretetramides that is 6-methyltetracene-2-carboxamide carrying six hydroxy substituents at positions 1, 3, 4, 10, 11 and 12. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is an organic cation consisting of 7-(4-methylanilino)phenazine carrying additional methyl, amino and 4-methylphenyl substituents at positions 2, 3 and 5 respectively. One of four components of mauvaine, a syntheteic violet-coloured dye. It has a role as a histological dye. It is an organic cation and a member of phenazines. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of 2-hydroxybutyric acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a butyrate. It is a conjugate base of a 2-hydroxybutyric acid. 
(ent-16alpha)-16-Kauranol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as kaurane diterpenoids. These are diterpene alkaloids with a structure that is based on the kaurane skeleton. Kaurane is a tetracyclic compound that arises by cyclisation of a pimarane precursor followed by rearrangement. It possesses a [3, 2, 1]-bicyclic ring system with C15-C16 bridge connected to C13, forming the five-membered ring D (ent-16alpha)-16-Kauranol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, (ent-16alpha)-16-kauranol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (ent-16alpha)-16-kauranol can be found in fats and oils. This makes (ent-16alpha)-16-kauranol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is an arabinono-1,4-lactone. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a D-arabinonic acid. It is an enantiomer of a L-arabinono-1,4-lactone. 
Rescinnamine is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor used as an antihypertensive drug. It is an alkaloid obtained from Rauwolfia serpentina and other species of Rauwolfia. 
it is a dipeptide composed of L-proline and L-hydroxyproline residues. It is a biomarker for bone collagen degradation. It has a role as a diagnostic agent, a human metabolite and a biomarker. It derives from a L-proline and a trans-4-hydroxy-L-proline. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
3, 4, 5, 11, 13, 21, 22, 23-Octahydroxy-8, 18-dioxo-9, 14, 17-trioxatetracyclo[17. 4. 0. 0Â², â·. 0Â¹â°, Â¹âµ]tricosa-1(23), 2, 4, 6, 19, 21-hexaen-12-yl 3, 4, 5-trihydroxybenzoate, also known as 2-O-galloyl-4, 6-(S)-hexahydroxydiphenol-beta-D-glucose, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as hydrolyzable tannins. These are tannins with a structure characterized by either of the following models. In model 1, the structure contains galloyl units (in some cases, shikimic acid units) that are linked to diverse polyol carbohydrate-, catechin-, or triterpenoid units. In model 2, contains at least two galloyl units C-C coupled to each other, and do not contain a glycosidically linked catechin unit. 3, 4, 5, 11, 13, 21, 22, 23-Octahydroxy-8, 18-dioxo-9, 14, 17-trioxatetracyclo[17. 4. 0. 0Â², â·. 0Â¹â°, Â¹âµ]tricosa-1(23), 2, 4, 6, 19, 21-hexaen-12-yl 3, 4, 5-trihydroxybenzoate is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid that is caprylic (octanoic) acid substituted by a hydroxy group at position 2. It derives from an octanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-hydroxyoctanoate. 
it is a red-violet crystalline solid. Vinegar-like odor. (USCG, 1999) it is a cobalt salt in which the cobalt metal is in the +2 oxidation state and the counter-anion is acetate. It is a cobalt salt and an acetate salt. 
it is an acyclic carboxylic anhydride that is perfluorinated butyric anhydride. It is used as a derivatising reagent for gas chromatographic analyses. It has a role as a chromatographic reagent. It is an organofluorine compound and an acyclic carboxylic anhydride. It derives from a butyric acid. 
2-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-2-oxoacetic acid belongs to the class of organic compounds known as resorcinols. Resorcinols are compounds containing a resorcinol moiety, which is a benzene ring bearing two hydroxyl groups at positions 1 and 3. 2-(2, 4-Dihydroxyphenyl)-2-oxoacetic acid is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
S-butyl-DL-homocysteine (S,R)-sulfoximine is a sulfoximide that is the sulfoximine derivative of an analogue of DL-methionine in which the S-methyl group is replaced by S-butyl. It has a role as an EC 6.3.2.2 (glutamate--cysteine ligase) inhibitor. It is a sulfoximide, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a member of homocysteines. it is a synthetic amino acid. it irreversibly inhibits gamma-glutamylcysteine synthase, thereby depleting cells of glutathione, a metabolite that plays a critical role in protecting cells against oxidative stress, and resulting in free radical-induced apoptosis. Elevated glutathione levels are associated with tumor cell resistance to alkylating agents and platinum compounds. By depleting cells of glutathione, this agent may enhance the in vitro and in vivo cytotoxicities of various chemotherapeutic agents in drug-resistant tumors. it may also exhibit antiangiogenesis activity. (NCI04) 
it appears as white or off-white crystalline solid or powder. mp: 1127Â°C, Sublimes: 1800-1900Â°C, density: 6.95 g/cm3 Insoluble in water. Soluble in concentrated sulfuric acid, hydrochloric acid. Occurs in nature as the mineral it. Used as a catalyst, in putty, as a polishing powder for steel and glass, in ceramic glazes and colors. \ it is a tin oxide compound consisting of tin(IV) covalently bound to two oxygen atoms. 
Toluene sulfonic acid, liquid, with more than 5% free sulfuric acid appears as colorless to black solid. Odorless or nearly odorless. (USCG, 1999) Toluene-4-sulfonic acid is an arenesulfonic acid that is benzenesulfonic acid in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a methyl group. It is a member of toluenes and an arenesulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a toluene-4-sulfonate. 
it, also known as 3-ketopimeloyl-coa, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 3-oxo-acyl coas. These are organic compounds containing a 3-oxo acylated coenzyme A derivative. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely strong acidic compound (based on its pKa). it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
Clerosterol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stigmastanes and derivatives. These are sterol lipids with a structure based on the stigmastane skeleton, which consists of a cholestane moiety bearing an ethyl group at the carbon atom C24. Clerosterol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Clerosterol has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, clerosterol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, clerosterol can be found in a number of food items such as bitter gourd, common walnut, roselle, and muskmelon. This makes clerosterol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a member of the class of pyrrolidin-2-ones that is pyrrolidin-2-one in which the 3-pro-S-hydrogen is substituted by a 2-methoxy-2-oxoethyl group, while the 5-pro-S-hydrogen is substituted by a ({4'-[N-(methoxycarbonyl)carbamimidoyl]biphenyl-4-yl}oxy)methyl group. It is an orally active prodrug of fradafiban, a figrinogen receptor antagonist. It has a role as a prodrug and a platelet glycoprotein-IIb/IIIa receptor antagonist. It is a member of pyrrolidin-2-ones and a methyl ester. It derives from a fradafiban. 
A family of extracellular proteins that are related structurally to LAMININ. They function as CHEMOTACTIC FACTORS for CELL MIGRATION and AXON GUIDANCE, acting as chemoattractants for some cell types, and as chemorepellents for others. 
it is an oral, direct acting hepatitis C virus (HCV) protease inhibitor that is used in combination with other antiviral agents in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C, genotypes 1 and 4. it has been linked to isolated, rare instances of mild, acute liver injury during treatment and to occasional cases of hepatic decompensation in patients with preexisting cirrhosis. it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus (HCV) protease complex comprised of non-structural protein 3 and 4A (NS3/NS4A), with activity against HCV genotype 1. Upon administration, it reversibly binds to the active center and binding site of the HCV NS3/NS4A protease and prevents NS3/NS4A protease-mediated polyprotein maturation. This disrupts both the processing of viral proteins and the formation of the viral replication complex, which inhibits viral replication in HCV genotype 1-infected host cells. NS3, a serine protease, is essential for the proteolytic cleavage of multiple sites within the HCV polyprotein and plays a key role during HCV ribonucleic acid (RNA) replication. NS4A is an activating factor for NS3. HCV is a small, enveloped, single-stranded RNA virus belonging to the Flaviviridae family; HCV infection is associated with the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). 
it is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid that is mandelic acid carrying dimethylallyl and hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively. It is a 2-hydroxy monocarboxylic acid and a member of phenols. It derives from a mandelic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3-dimethylallyl-4-hydroxymandelate. 
it, stabilized appears as a colorless or yellow liquid with a pungent disagreeable odor. May be irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes; long-term exposure may result in adverse health effects. Vapors denser than air. Used to make other chemicals, plastics. 
it is an organochlorine compound and a D-gluconate adduct. It has a role as an antibacterial agent. It derives from a chlorhexidine. Chlorhexidine Gluconate is the gluconate salt form of chlorhexidine, a biguanide compound used as an antiseptic agent with topical antibacterial activity. it is positively charged and reacts with the negatively charged microbial cell surface, thereby destroying the integrity of the cell membrane. Subsequently, chlorhexidine gluconate penetrates into the cell and causes leakage of intracellular components leading to cell death. Since gram positive bacteria are more negatively charged, they are more sensitive to this agent. 
Neohesperidin is a flavanone glycoside that is hesperitin having an 2-O-(alpha-L-rhamnopyranosyl)-beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety attached to the 7-hydroxy group. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a neohesperidoside, a disaccharide derivative, a dihydroxyflavanone, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a monomethoxyflavanone, a flavanone glycoside and a member of 4'-methoxyflavanones. It derives from a hesperetin. 
it is a bile acid that is lithocholic acid carrying an additional oxo substituent at position 7. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a bile acid, a monohydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid, an oxo-5beta-cholanic acid and a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a lithocholic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 7-oxolithocholate. 
it, also known as dimethyl phenylethyl carbinol or 1, 1-dimethyl-3-phenyl-1-propanol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a clean, fresh, and green taste. 
2-Furanylmethyl propanoate, also known as 2-it or fema 3346, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2-Furanylmethyl propanoate is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-furanylmethyl propanoate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 2-Furanylmethyl propanoate has a sweet, banana, and coffee taste. 
it is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a 2-phenoxypropanamido group. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a synthetic tertiary amine and antimuscarinic agent with antispasmodic and antisecretory activities. it binds to and blocks the muscarinic receptor on smooth muscle. This agent has a direct relaxing effect on smooth muscle and therefore prevents spasms in the muscles of the gastrointestinal tract, inhibits gastrointestinal propulsive motility, decreases gastric acid secretion and controls excessive pharyngeal, tracheal and bronchial secretion. 
it is a benzoxazole in which the benzene ring is fused to a 1,2-oxazole ring across positions 4 and 5. It is a member of its and a mancude organic heterobicyclic parent. 
M-phthalodinitrile appears as white, crystalline or flaky solid with an almond-like odor. mp: 161-162Â°C (sublimes) Density 1.28 g/cm3 (at 25Â°C). Insoluble in water. Soluble in benzene and in acetone. Used as an intermediate in the manufacture of polyurethane paints and varnishes, pharmaceuticals, and agricultural chemicals. 
it is a phosphatidylcholine 36:1 in which the phosphatidyl acyl groups at positions 1 and 2 are specified as oleoyl and stearoyl respectively. It derives from an oleic acid and an octadecanoic acid. 
it is a synthetic small molecule with antimitotic and potential antineoplastic activities. it binds to a site on tubulin that is different from taxane- or Vinca alkaloid-binding sites, destabilizing tubulin polymerization and inducing tumor cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. This agent has been shown to be active against multidrug-resistant (MDR) and taxane- resistant tumor cell lines. 
it is a monohydroxyflavone a that is flavone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 6 and a methoxy group at position 2'. It is a monomethoxyflavone and a monohydroxyflavone. It derives from a flavone. 
Nitro-phenanthrenes occurring in ARISTOLOCHIACEAE and other plants. They derive from stephanine (APORPHINES) by oxidative ring cleavage. The nitro group is a reactive alkylator (ALKYLATING AGENTS) that binds to biological macromolecules. Ingestion by humans is associated with nephropathy (NEPHRITIS). There is no relationship to the similar named aristolochene (SESQUITERPENES). 
it is an indole compound having a 2-(dimethylamino)ethyl group at the 3-position and a (pyrrolidin-1-ylsulfonyl)methyl group at the 5-position. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a serotonergic agonist and a vasoconstrictor agent. It is a member of indoles, a sulfonamide and a tertiary amine. it is a sulfonamide triptan with extracerebral, intracranial vasoconstrictor activity. it selectively binds to and activates serotonin 5-HT 1B and 1D receptors in the central nervous system (CNS), thereby causing extracerebral, intracranial blood vessel constriction. This may lead to pain relief from vascular headaches. it may also relieve vascular headaches by preventing the release of vasoactive neuropeptides from perivascular trigeminal axons in the dura mater during a migraine, by reducing extravasation of plasma proteins, and by decreasing the release of other mediators of inflammation from the trigeminal nerve. 
it is a lipopeptide consisting of a 2-methyloct-7-ynoyl moiety attached to a linear tetrapeptide comprising of N-methyl-L-phenylalanyl, L-alanyl, N-methyl-L-alanyl and Nalpha,O-dimethyl-L-tyrosine units. It is isolated from a Panamanian strain of the marine cyanobacterium Lyngbya majuscula and displays antimalarial activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an antimalarial. 
it is the sodium salt form of phenylacetate with ammonia detoxifying activity. Upon administration, it binds to glutamine thereby forming phenylacetylglutamine and is thus excreted by the kidneys. By serving as an alternative to urea for the excretion of waste nitrogen, it is able to lower ammonia levels in the blood and prevent hyperammonemia. 
it is a diadenosyl tetraphosphate compound having the two 5'-adenosyl residues attached at the P(1)- and P(4)-positions. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a dicarboxylic acid that is malonic acid in which one of the methylene hydrogens is substituted by a methyl group. It has a role as a human metabolite. It derives from a malonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
5, 7-Dihydroxy-2-(3, 4, 5-trimethoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 4'-o-methylated flavonoids. These are flavonoids with methoxy groups attached to the C4' atom of the flavonoid backbone. 5, 7-Dihydroxy-2-(3, 4, 5-trimethoxyphenyl)-3, 4-dihydro-2H-1-benzopyran-4-one is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a first-generation sulfonylurea with hypoglycemic activity. it was one of the first sulfonylurea compounds used but was withdrawn from the market due to toxic effects on bone marrow. This agent has a long half-life. 
it is a triglyceride obtained by condensation of each of the three hydroxy groups of glycerol with hexanoic (caproic) acid. It has a role as an insect repellent. It is a triglyceride and a hexanoate ester. 
it is a long-chain unsaturated fatty acid anion that is the conjugate base of hexadec-9-enoic acid, obtained by deprotonation of the carboxy group; major species at pH 7.3. It is a long-chain fatty acid anion, an unsaturated fatty acid anion and a hexadecenoate. It is a conjugate base of a hexadec-9-enoic acid. 
it is propane-1,3-diamine in which a hydrogen attached to one nitrogen is substituted by a 3-aminoprop-1-yl group, and a hydrogen attached to the other nitrogen is substituted by a 4-aminobut-1-yl group. A polyamine natural product, its name arises from its similarity to spermine and the fact that it was first isolated from the extreme thermophile, Thermus thermophilus. It is a polyazaalkane and a tetramine. It is a conjugate base of a thermosperminium(4+). 
it is an orally available inhibitor of multiple kinases, including the receptor tyrosine kinase anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK), c-ros oncogene 1 (ROS1), the neurotrophic tyrosine receptor kinase (NTRK) types 1, 2 and 3, the proto-oncogene SRC, and focal adhesion kinase (FAK), with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon oral administration, it binds to and inhibits wild-type, point mutants and fusion proteins of ALK, ROS1, NTRK1-3, SRC, FAK and, to a lesser extent, other kinases. Inhibition of these kinases leads to the disruption of downstream signaling pathways and the inhibition of cell growth of tumors in which these kinases are overexpressed, rearranged or mutated. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains a rabeprazole(1-). it is the sodium salt of the prodrug rabeprazole, a substituted benzimidazole proton pump inhibitor, with potential anti-ulcer activity. After protonation, accumulation, and transformation to the active sulfenamide within the acidic environment of gastric ital cells, rabeprazole selectively and irreversibly binds to and inhibits the H+, K+ATPase (hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase) enzyme system located on the ital cell secretory surface, inhibiting gastric acid secretion. 
it is an aldehyde that is acetaldehyde in which one of the hydrogens of the methyl group is replaced by fluorine. It has a role as a cardiotoxic agent. It is an organofluorine compound and an aldehyde. It derives from an acetaldehyde. 
it is an aromatic hydrocarbon that consists of five fused rings and is formed during the incomplete combustion of organic matter. Cyclopenta[c,d]pyrene is primarily found in gasoline engine exhaust. This substance is used in laboratory research as a mutagen and carcinogen. Cyclopenta[c,d]pyrene is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a fluoroalkanoic acid that is dodecanoic acid in which all of the hydrogens attached to carbon atoms are replaced by fluorines. It is a highly persistent, bioaccumulative breakdown product of stain- and grease-proof coatings on food packaging, soft furnishings and carpets. It has a role as an environmental contaminant. It derives from a dodecanoic acid. 
it, also known as 7-sulfocholate or cholic acid 7-sulfate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dihydroxy bile acids, alcohols and derivatives. Dihydroxy bile acids, alcohols and derivatives are compounds containing or derived from a bile acid or alcohol, and which bears exactly two carboxylic acid groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
TG(I-15:0/i-15:0/i-15:0), also known as it or tracylglycerol(45:0), belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. TG(I-15:0/i-15:0/i-15:0) is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. TG(I-15:0/i-15:0/i-15:0) has been found in human adipose tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, TG(i-15:0/i-15:0/i-15:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. 
it is a terminal acetylenic compound that is undecane carrying a triple bond at position1. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a terminal acetylenic compound and an alkyne. 
it is a divalent metal cation, a it and a monoatomic dication. It has a role as a human metabolite and a cofactor. 
it is an alkylammonium sulfate salt obtained by combining amantadine and sulfuric acid in a 2:1 ratio. Used as an antiviral and antiparkinson drug. It has a role as an antiparkinson drug, an antiviral drug, a dopaminergic agent, a NMDA receptor antagonist and a non-narcotic analgesic. It contains an adamantan-1-aminium. it is the sulfate salt of amantadine, a synthetic tricyclic amine with antiviral, antiparkinsonian, and antihyperalgesic activities. Amantadine appears to exert its antiviral effect against the influenza A virus by interfering with the function of the transmembrane domain of the viral M2 protein, thereby preventing the release of infectious viral nucleic acids into host cells; furthermore, this agent prevents virus assembly during virus replication. Amantadine exerts its antiparkinsonian effects by stimulating the release of dopamine from striatal dopaminergic nerve terminals and inhibiting its pre-synaptic reuptake. This agent may also exert some anticholinergic effect through inhibition of N-methyl-D-aspartic acid (NMDA) receptor-mediated stimulation of acetylcholine, resulting in antihyperalgesia. 
Indigo carmine (acid form) is a member of the class of indolones obtained by formal 2,2'-oxidative coupling of two molecules of 3-oxo-2,3-dihydroindole-5-sulfonic acids. It has a role as a food colouring and a histological dye. It is a member of indolones, an olefinic compound, an enone, an arenesulfonic acid and a ring assembly. It is a conjugate acid of an indigo carmine(2-). 
Calcium arsenite, solid appears as a white granular powder. Insoluble in water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. Poisonous by ingestion and inhalation. 
it is a dihydroxy-5beta-cholanic acid that is (5beta)-cholan-24-oic acid substituted by beta-hydroxy groups at positions 3 and 7. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an isoursodeoxycholate. 
it appears as white to off-white crystalline powder. Odorless or with a slight odor. (NTP, 1992) it is an N-sulfonylurea that is 1-tosylurea in which a hydrogen attached to the nitrogen at position 3 is replaced by an azepan-1-yl group. A hypoglycemic agent, it is used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It has a role as a hypoglycemic agent and a potassium channel blocker. it is an intermediate-acting, first-generation sulfonylurea with hypoglycemic activity. it is converted into five major metabolites that are excreted into the urine. it is more potent than tolbutamide and similar in potency to chlorpropamide on a milligram basis. This agent may cause cholestatic jaundice. 
it is a member of the class of rotenones that is 13,13a-dihydro-3H-chromeno[3,4-b]pyrano[2,3-h]chromen-7(7aH)-one substituted with geminal methyl groups at position 3, hydroxy group at position 7a and methoxy groups at positions 9 and 10 (the 7aR,13aR stereoisomer). It is isolated from the leaves and twigs of Antheroporum pierrei and exhibits antineoplastic and pesticidal activities. It has a role as a pesticide, an antineoplastic agent and a metabolite. It is an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a cyclic ketone and a member of rotenones. 
it is 16alpha-Methylpregna-1,4-diene-3,20-dione bearing hydroxy substituents at the 11beta and 21 positions, fluorine at position 6 and chlorine at position 9. A medium potency corticosteroid, it is used as its 21-O-pivalate or caproate ester for the relief of inflammatory and pruritic (itching) skin disorders. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory drug and an antipruritic drug. It is a glucocorticoid, an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a fluorinated steroid, a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid, a chlorinated steroid and a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is a 20-oxo steroid obtained by acetylation of the 17-hydroxy group of (11beta,17alpha)-17-acetyl-11-[4-(dimethylamino)phenyl]-3-oxoestra-4,9-dien-17-ol (ulipristal). A selective progesterone receptor modulator, which is employed as an emergency contraceptive. It has a role as a contraceptive drug, a progestin and a progesterone receptor modulator. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a steroid ester, an acetate ester, a 20-oxo steroid and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from an estradiol. it is an orally bioavailable, acetate salt of ulipristal, a selective progesterone receptor modulator with anti-progesterone activity. Ulipristal binds to the progesterone receptor (PR), thereby inhibiting PR-mediated gene expression, and interfering with progesterone activity in the reproductive system. As a result, this agent may suppress the growth of uterine leiomyomatosis. Furthermore, by inhibiting or delaying ovulation and effecting endometrial tissue, ulipristal can be used as an emergency contraception 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is pyrido[3',2':4,5]furo[3,2-d]pyrimidine substituted at positions 2 and 4 by 3-hydroxyphenyl and morpholin-4-yl groups respectively. A dual-kinase inhibitor with anti-cancer properties. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor, a mTOR inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of morpholines, a member of phenols, an organic heterotricyclic compound, a tertiary amino compound and an aromatic amine. 
it is a member of the class of hydroxyindoles that is 1H-indole in which the hydrogen at position 5 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is an azobenzene that is N,N-diethylaniline substituted at position 4 by a phenylazo group. It has a role as a dye and a mutagen. It is a member of azobenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and a substituted aniline. 
it is a hexosamine phosphate having the phospho group at the 1-position. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a derivative of p-salicylic acid with chloro- substituents at C-3 and C-5 of the benzene ring. It is a monohydroxybenzoic acid and a dichlorobenzene. It derives from a benzoic acid and a 4-hydroxybenzoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3,5-dichloro-4-hydroxybenzoate. 
it is a DEA Schedule V controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule V have a low potential for abuse relative to substances listed in Schedule IV and consist primarily of preparations containing limited quantities of certain narcotics. 
it is a pregnane-based steroidal hormone produced by the outer-section (zona glomerulosa) of the adrenal cortex in the adrenal gland, and acts on the distal tubules and collecting ducts of the kidney to cause the conservation of sodium, secretion of potassium, increased water retention, and increased blood pressure. The overall effect of it is to increase reabsorption of ions and water in the kidney. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 21-hydroxy steroid, a 18-oxo steroid, a 20-oxo steroid, a C21-steroid hormone, a steroid aldehyde, a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a mineralocorticoid. It derives from a hydride of a pregnane. it is a mineralocorticoid hormone produced by it synthase (CYP11B2) in the zona glomerulosa of the adrenal cortex. it binds to mineralocorticoid receptors (MR; NR3C2) and MR-it complexes regulate the expression of genes involved in the retention of sodium, the secretion of potassium, and water reabsorption, all of which may result increased blood pressure. 
it is a synthetic psoralen, light-activated DNA and RNA crosslinking agent, with protective activity against pathogens such as bacteria, viruses, protozoa, and leukocytes. Prior to administration it is added to plasma and platelets, then in vivo this agent penetrates pathogens and targets DNA and RNA. Upon activation by ultraviolet A light, this agent is able to form interstrand DNA and RNA crosslinks and prevents replication. Inactivation of leukocytes can prevent graft versus host disease upon transfusion. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes that is salicylaldehyde in which the hydrogen ortho- to the hydroxy group is substituted by a methyl group. It is a member of benzaldehydes and a member of phenols. It derives from a salicylaldehyde. 
Apigenin 7-O-beta-D-glucoside is a glycosyloxyflavone that is apigenin substituted by a beta-D-glucopyranosyl moiety at position 7 via a glycosidic linkage. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a metabolite and an antibacterial agent. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a dihydroxyflavone, a glycosyloxyflavone and a monosaccharide derivative. It derives from an apigenin. It is a conjugate acid of an apigenin 7-O-beta-D-glucoside(1-). It is an enantiomer of an apigenin 7-O-beta-L-glucoside. 
it is an inorganic compound used as a laxative, dietary supplement and for electrolyte-replacement purposes. Phosphate, a predominant intracellular anion, plays an important role in energy storage, osteoblastic and osteoclastic activities, regulating serum calcium concentrations and numerous cellular phosphate-transfer reactions. it increases fluidity of the intestinal contents by retention of water by osmotic forces, thereby indirectly inducing intestinal smooth muscle constriction. 
17beta-hydroxy-5alpha-androstan-3-one is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is testosterone in which the 4,5 double bond has been reduced to a single bond with alpha-configuration at position 5. It has a role as an androgen, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17beta-hydroxyandrostan-3-one and a 3-oxo-5alpha-steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. 
it (OE) is a fatty acid ester of estrone. This hormone occurs naturally and is found circulating in various animal species and humans. It has been shown in animal studies to promote the loss of body fat while maintaining body protein storage, maintaining nitrogen balance.  Body protein loss is an unpleasant effect of fat loss by the restriction of calories, and studies show that this drug appears to avoid this effect. 
it is a 1-(5-hydroxyhexyl)-3,7-dimethyl-3,7-dihydro-1H-purine-2,6-dione that has (R)-configuration. A synthetic small molecule which was under development for the treatment of type 1 diabetes mellitus. It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and an immunomodulator. It is an enantiomer of a (S)-it. 
it is a branched, short-chain, saturated fatty acid anion; the conjugate base of isobutyric acid, formed by deprotonation of the carboxylic acid group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a branched-chain saturated fatty acid anion and a fatty acid anion 4:0. It derives from a propionate. It is a conjugate base of an isobutyric acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of hexadecanedioic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a hexadecanedioic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, D-glucosaminide is primarily located in the cytoplasm. In humans, D-glucosaminide is involved in the amino sugar metabolism pathway. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1,3-dimethylpyrazole which is substituted at positions 4 and 5 by 2,4-dichlorobenzoyl and p-tosyloxy groups, respectively. It is an obsolete proherbicide (via hydrolysis of the tosylate group to afford the corresponding 5-hydroxypyrazole), that was used to control weeds in rice paddy fields. It has a role as a proherbicide, an EC 1.13.11.27 (4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase) inhibitor, an agrochemical and a carotenoid biosynthesis inhibitor. It is a member of pyrazoles, a tosylate ester, an aromatic ketone and a dichlorobenzene. 
it is 2-[(3S)-1-Ethylpyrrolidin-3-yl]-2,2-diphenylacetamide in which one of the hydrogens at the 2-position of the ethyl group is substituted by a 2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran-5-yl group. It is a selective antagonist for the M3 muscarinic acetylcholine receptor, which is primarily responsible for bladder muscle contractions, and is used as the hydrobromide salt in the management of urinary incontinence. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist and an antispasmodic drug. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a member of pyrrolidines and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it, also known as pyrazine, 2-methyl-5-methoxy, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxypyrazines. These are pyrazines containing a methoxyl group attached to the pyrazine ring. it is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a tertiary amino compound that consists of cyclohexane having piperidin-1-yl and thiophen-2-yl groups attached at position 1. A dissociative anaesthetic drug with halluccinogenic and stimulant effects. Its effects are similar to those of phencyclidine (PCP, an analogue with the thienyl group replaced by phenyl), but it is rather more potent. It has a role as a central nervous system stimulant, a neuroprotective agent, a hallucinogen and a NMDA receptor antagonist. It is a member of piperidines, a tertiary amino compound and a member of thiophenes. 
it is a nitroarene that is pyrene substituted at the 1-position by a nitro group. A by-product of combustion, it is the predominant nitrated polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon emitted in a diesel engine. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It derives from a hydride of a pyrene. 
it is a monothiocarbamic ester that is carbamic acid in which the oxygen of the oxo group is replaced by sulfur, the hydrogens attached to the nitrogen are replaced by methyl and 6-methoxypyridin-2-yl groups, and the hydrogen of the hydroxy group is replaced by a p-tert-butylphenyl group. It has fungicidal and herbicidal activity and is used in paddy rice and turf production. It has a role as a sterol biosynthesis inhibitor, a herbicide and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a member of pyridines, an aromatic ether and a monothiocarbamic ester. 
it is an N-acyl-L-alanine resulting from the formal condensation of the amino group of L-alanine with the carboxy group of arachidonic acid. It has a role as a mammalian metabolite. It is a N-acyl-L-alanine and a N-(fatty acyl)-L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from an arachidonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a N-arachidonoyl-L-alaninate. 
it is a meroterpenoid produced by Aspergillus nidulans. It has a pentacyclic structure which incorporates three lactone functionalities and a spiro union. 
An N-acyl derivative of neuraminic acid. N-acetylneuraminic acid occurs in many polysaccharides, glycoproteins, and glycolipids in animals and bacteria. (From Dorland, 28th ed, p1518) 
it is a member of the class of dibenzothiophenes that is the 5-oxo derivative of dibenzothiophene. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a dibenzothiophene. 
it is an N-[4-(4-nitrophenylphospho)butanoyl]alanine that has R at the chiral carbon. It has a role as an epitope. It is a N-[4-(4-nitrophenylphospho)butanoyl]alanine and a D-alanine derivative. It is an enantiomer of a it. 
it is a naphthalenesulfonic acid that is the free acid form of the dye Evans blue. The tetrasodium salt is used as a counterstain, especially in fluorescent methods to suppress background autofluorescence. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker and a teratogenic agent. It is a bis(azo) compound, a naphthalenesulfonic acid, a member of azobenzenes, a member of naphthols, a member of biphenyls, an aminonaphthalene and a primary arylamine. It is a conjugate acid of an Evans blue(4-). 
it is a grayish white to yellow amorphous powder which can be fused into grayish lumps. If it comes in contact with air, spontaneous heating may result. This heat may be sufficient to ignite the material itself or surrounding combustible material. It is insoluble in water. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of oxymorphone, a semisynthetic opioid with a potent analgesic property. it binds to and activates opiate receptors, specifically mu-receptors, in the central nervous system (CNS). This results in sedation, analgesia, decreased gastrointestinal motility, and respiratory depression. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetracarboxylic acids and derivatives. These are carboxylic acids containing exactly four carboxyl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, 6-hydroxysandoricin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a pteroate that is the conjugate base of 7,8-dihydropteroic acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It has a role as a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It derives from a pteroate. It is a conjugate base of a 7,8-dihydropteroic acid. 
Cocculus appears as a poisonous berry, the dried fruit of Anamirta cocculus L. Contains several substances including about one percent picrotoxin. Pure picrotoxin occurs as shiny leaflets with an intensely bitter taste or as a microcrystalline powder. Very poisonous!. Used in medicine as a central nervous system stimulant and antidote for barbiturate poisoning. Not currently regarded as a useful therapeutic agent. 
it is a dihydroxyflavone that is chrysin substituted by a prenyl group at position 6. It is a 7-hydroxyflavonol and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a chrysin. 
it is a D-glucopyranose 6-phosphate in which the anomeric centre has beta-configuration. It has a role as an epitope and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-glucose. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT03680521 (Neoadjuvant it in Combination With Nivolumab in Patients With Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma). it is an orally bioavailable, receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Upon administration, it binds to and inhibits the activity of several RTKs including hepatocyte growth factor receptor (HGFR; c-Met; MET), tyrosine-protein kinase receptor UFO (AXL receptor tyrosine kinase; AXL), mast/stem cell growth factor receptor (SCFR; c-kit; KIT), the receptor tyrosine kinase MER, discoidin domain receptor 2 (DDR2), vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) types 1 (VEGFR-1; FLT1), 2 (VEGFR-2; KDR; Flk-1) and 3 (VEGFR-3), members of the platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) family, RET (rearranged during transfection), tropomyosin-related kinases (TRK) and members of the ephrin (Eph) family of receptor tyrosine kinases. This may result in both the inhibition of signal transduction pathways mediated by these RTKs and the reduction of tumor cell proliferation in cancer cell types that overexpress these RTKs. 
it is a magnesium salt of glycine that is available as dietary supplements as a source of magnesium. It is used in the treatment of magnesium deficiency. it is an orally available magnesium salt of glycine. Magnesium activates over 600 enzymes and is essential for DNA and RNA synthesis, cellular repair, and maintaining the antioxidant status of the cell. Magnesium plays a key role in bone and muscle function and assists in the activation of vitamin D, which helps regulate calcium and phosphate homeostasis to influence the growth and maintenance of bones. 
it is an anthocyanidin cation consisting of benzopyrylium with hydroxy substituents at the 3-, 5- and 7-positions and a 3,4,5-trihydroxyphenyl group at the 2-position. It is a plant pigment responsible for the colours of the plants of the genera Viola and Delphinium. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a biological pigment and a plant metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is the acetic acid ester of metacresol, an agent with antiseptic and analgesic properties. it is used in an otic solution to treat bacterial and fungal infections of the outer ear, and in endodontic procedures. 
it is a DEA Schedule III controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule III have a potential for abuse less than substances in Schedules I or II and abuse may lead to moderate or low physical dependence or high psychological dependence. 
Methyl 2, 3, 4, 6-tetra-O-galloyl-beta-D-glucopyranoside belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tannins. These are naturally occurring polyphenols which be categorized into four main classes: hydrolyzable tannin (based on ellagic acid or gallic acid), condensed tannins (made of oligomeric or polymeric proanthocyanidins), complex tannins (made of a catechin bound to a gallotannin or elagitannin), and phlorotannins (oligomers of phloroglucinol). Methyl 2, 3, 4, 6-tetra-O-galloyl-beta-D-glucopyranoside is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, methyl 2, 3, 4, 6-tetra-O-galloyl-beta-D-glucopyranoside is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, methyl 2, 3, 4, 6-tetra-O-galloyl-beta-D-glucopyranoside can be found in herbs and spices and tea. This makes methyl 2, 3, 4, 6-tetra-O-galloyl-beta-D-glucopyranoside a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is the acetate salt form of therapeutic angiotensin II, a synthetic form of the endogenous angiotensin II, a peptide hormone of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) that causes vasoconstriction and an increase in blood pressure, that may be used for the treatment of septic or other distributive shock. Upon administration, therapeutic angiotensin II binds to angiotensin II type 1 receptor on vascular smooth muscle cells which leads to Ca2+/calmodulin-dependent phosphorylation of myosin. This causes smooth muscle contraction and results in vasoconstriction and an increase in blood pressure. Therapeutic angiotensin II also increases blood pressure by stimulating the release of the steroid hormone aldosterone, which regulates the renal absorption of water and sodium. 
it is a synthetic long-acting octapeptide analogue of endogenous somatostatin. it binds to somatostatin receptors expressed by some neuroendocrine and non-neuroendocrine tumor cells, thereby initiating somatostatin receptor-mediated apoptosis. Other possible antineoplastic activities of this agent include suppression of tumor angiogenesis and tumor growth-promoting insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1). (NCI04) 
it is a quaternary ammonium ion that is choline in which the hydroxy group has been replaced by a chlorine. Its salts (particularly the chloride salt, known as it chloride) are used as plant growth retardants. It has a role as a plant growth retardant. 
Cefpodoxime Proxetil is a third generation semi-synthetic cephalosporin and a beta-lactam antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefpodoxime's effect is dependent on its binding to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located in the bacterial cytoplasmic membrane. Binding results in the inhibition of the transpeptidase enzymes, thereby preventing cross-linking of the pentaglycine bridge with the fourth residue of the pentapeptide and interrupting consequent synthesis of peptidoglycan chains. As a result, cefpodoxime inhibits bacterial septum and cell wall synthesis formation. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkyl-phenylketones. These are aromatic compounds containing a ketone substituted by one alkyl group, and a phenyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it, also known as anisyl methanoate or fema 2101, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzyloxycarbonyls. These are organic compounds containing a carbonyl group substituted with a benzyloxyl group. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, anisyl formate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it has an anisic, floral, and fruity taste. 
it is a DHET obtained by formal dihydroxylation across the 5,6-double bond of arachidonic acid. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. 
N-it appears as a colorless liquid with a mild odor. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. (USCG, 1999) 
it is a carboxylic ester resulting from the formal condensation between the carboxylic acid group of mycophenolic acid and the hydroxy group of 2-(morpholin-4-yl)ethanol. In the liver, it is metabolised to mycophenolic acid, an immunosuppressant for which it is a prodrug. It is widely used to prevent tissue rejection following organ transplants as well as for the treatment of certain autoimmune diseases. It has a role as an immunosuppressive agent, a prodrug, an EC 1.1.1.205 (IMP dehydrogenase) inhibitor and an anticoronaviral agent. It is a gamma-lactone, a member of phenols, an ether, a carboxylic ester and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a mycophenolic acid and a 2-(morpholin-4-yl)ethanol. it is the morpholinoethyl ester of mycophenolic acid (MPA) with potent immunosuppressive properties. Mycophenolate stops T-cell and B-cell proliferation through selective inhibition of the de novo pathway of purine biosynthesis. In vivo, the active metabolite, MPA, reversibly inhibits inosine 5'-monophosphate dehydrogenase, an enzyme involved in the de novo synthesis of guanine nucleotides. MPA displays high lymphocyte specificity and cytotoxicity due to the higher dependence of activated lymphocytes on both salvage and de novo synthesis of guanine nucleotides relative to other cell types. (NCI04) 
it is the conjugate base of 2-oxosuccinamic acid; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 2-oxosuccinamic acid. 
it is a synthetic derivative of morphine with analgesic activities. it mimics the actions of morphine, however, it is about 8 times more potent than morphine. This agent binds to opioid mu receptors, thereby producing analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia, and physical dependence. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
A narcotic analgesic similar to MEPERIDINE; it exists in four stereoisomers, two of which, the beta (isopromedol) and the gamma (trimeperidine) are active. 
it is a member of the class of benzoic acids that is 4-phenoxybenzoic acid in which the hydrogens ortho to the phenoxy group are substituted by butylamino and sulfamoyl groups. it is a diuretic, and is used for treatment of oedema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic and renal disease. It has a role as a diuretic and an EC 3.6.3.49 (channel-conductance-controlling ATPase) inhibitor. It is a sulfonamide, an amino acid and a member of benzoic acids. it is a potent sulfamoylanthranilic acid derivative belonging to the class of loop diuretics. In the brain, it may prevent seizures in neonates by blocking the it-sensitive sodium-potassium-chloride cotransporter (NKCC1), thereby inhibiting chloride uptake thus, decreasing the internal chloride concentration in neurons and may block the excitatory effect of GABA in neonates. 
it is a piperidinecarboxamide in which N-methylpipecolic acid and 2,6-dimethylaniline have combined to form the amide bond. It is used as a local amide-type anaesthetic. It has a role as a local anaesthetic and a drug allergen. it is an amide-type local anesthetic agent. At the injection site, it binds to specific voltage-gated sodium ion channels in neuronal cell membranes, which inhibits both sodium influx and membrane depolarization. This leads to a blockage of nerve impulse initiation and conduction and results in a reversible loss of sensation. Compared to other local anesthetics, this agent has a more rapid onset and moderate duration of action. 
3, 5-Dimethyl-2-propylpyrazine, also known as 2-propyl-3, 5(3, 6)-dimethylpyrazine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 3, 5-Dimethyl-2-propylpyrazine is slightly soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 3, 5-dimethyl-2-propylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 3, 5-Dimethyl-2-propylpyrazine is a burnt and hazelnut tasting compound that can be found in cocoa and cocoa products, crustaceans, and nuts. This makes 3, 5-dimethyl-2-propylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Stigmastane-3, 6-dione belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stigmastanes and derivatives. These are sterol lipids with a structure based on the stigmastane skeleton, which consists of a cholestane moiety bearing an ethyl group at the carbon atom C24. Thus, stigmastane-3, 6-dione is considered to be a sterol lipid molecule. Stigmastane-3, 6-dione exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Stigmastane-3, 6-dione has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, stigmastane-3, 6-dione is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, stigmastane-3, 6-dione can be found in cereals and cereal products and wheat. This makes stigmastane-3, 6-dione a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
Taxifolin is a pentahydroxyflavanone that is the 2,3-dihydro derivative of quercetin. It is a pentahydroxyflavanone, a member of dihydroflavonols, a member of 3'-hydroxyflavanones, a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a member of 4'-hydroxyflavanones. It derives from a quercetin. 
it is a 3-oxo Delta(4)-steroid that is androst-4-ene substituted by oxo groups at positions 3 and 17. It is a steroid hormone synthesized in the adrenal glands and gonads. It has a role as an androgen, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 17-oxo steroid, an androstanoid and a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid. Therapeutic it is a potent androgenic prohormone that is a direct precursor of testosterone and used as a supplement to increase plasma testosterone levels and muscle anabolism. (NCI) 
it is a monocarboxylic acid that is 2-methylpropanoic acid substituted by a 4-(4-chlorobenzoyl)phenoxy group at position 2. It is a metabolite of the drug fenofibrate. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite and a drug metabolite. It is a chlorobenzophenone, a monocarboxylic acid and an aromatic ketone. it is the active form of fenofibrate, a synthetic phenoxy-isobutyric acid derivate with antihyperlipidemic activity. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-tyrosine substituted by nitro groups at positions 3 and 5. It is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid, a C-nitro compound and a L-tyrosine derivative. 
it is a penicillin in which the substituent at position 6 of the penam ring is a (2R)-2-amino-2-(cyclohexa-1,4-dien-1-yl)acetamido group. It is a penicillin and a penicillin allergen. It derives from an ampicillin. it is an extended-spectrum, semisynthetic aminopenicillin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it is an orally bioavailable small molecule with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to and selectively inhibits hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) receptor c-MET and vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), which may result in the inhibition of tumor angiogenesis, tumor cell proliferation and metastasis. The proto-oncogene c-MET has been found to be over-expressed in a variety of cancers. VEGFR2 is found on endothelial and hematopoietic cells and mediates the development of the vasculature and hematopoietic cells through VEGF signaling. 
it is a gallate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of gallic acid with the (3R)-hydroxy group of epicatechin. A natural product found in Parapiptadenia rigida. It has a role as a metabolite, an EC 3.2.1.1 (alpha-amylase) inhibitor and an EC 3.2.1.20 (alpha-glucosidase) inhibitor. It is a catechin, a gallate ester and a polyphenol. It derives from a (-)-epicatechin and a gallic acid. 
Afzelechin belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavan-3-ols. These are flavans that bear and hydroxyl group at position 3 (B ring), but not at position 4. Afzelechin exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, afzelechin is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, afzelechin can be found in kiwi and peach. This makes afzelechin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1, 3-Diisopropylbenzene, also known as 3-isopropyltoluene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cumenes. These are aromatic compounds containing a prop-2-ylbenzene moiety. 1, 3-Diisopropylbenzene exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. 1, 3-Diisopropylbenzene has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 1, 3-diisopropylbenzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
1-trans-delta-9-it appears as brown amorphous semi-solid, viscous oil or chunky golden yellow solid. (NTP, 1992) Delta(9)-it is a diterpenoid that is 6a,7,8,10a-tetrahydro-6H-benzo[c]chromene substituted at position 1 by a hydroxy group, positions 6, 6 and 9 by methyl groups and at position 3 by a pentyl group. The principal psychoactive constituent of the cannabis plant, it is used for treatment of anorexia associated with AIDS as well as nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy. It has a role as a metabolite, a non-narcotic analgesic, a hallucinogen, a cannabinoid receptor agonist and an epitope. It is a diterpenoid, a benzochromene, a polyketide and a phytocannabinoid. it is an isomer of it (THC) that is the main and most active isomer found in the Cannabis sativa L. plant, with potential anti-emetic, analgesic and appetite stimulating activities. Upon administration, it, also called delta-9-THC, targets and binds to cannabinoid receptors (CBRs) located in the central nervous system (CNS). it acts directly on the appetite and vomiting control centers in the brain to stimulate appetite and prevent emesis. In addition, this agent induces analgesia. Urine levels may be used as a marker to determine the exposure to certain preparations containing parts of the cannabis plant, such as marijuana. 
Amylose, also known as amylose chain, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as o-glycosyl compounds. These are glycoside in which a sugar group is bonded through one carbon to another group via a O-glycosidic bond. Amylose participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, Amylose and uridine 5'-diphosphate can be biosynthesized from uridine diphosphate glucose through its interaction with the enzyme glycogen [starch] synthase, liver. In addition, Amylose can be converted into glycogen through its interaction with the enzyme 1, 4-alpha-glucan-branching enzyme. In humans, amylose is involved in the starch and sucrose metabolism pathway. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hepatitis, Hepatitis C, and Chronic Hepatitis C. it is a non-nucleoside polymerase inhibitor of the hepatitis C virus NS5B RNA-dependent RNA polymerase. it binds to the non-catalytic Thumb 2 site on viral polymerase and causes a decrease in viral RNA synthesis. 
it is a it that is a Good's buffer substance, pKa = 8.35 at 20 â„ƒ. It is a conjugate acid of a [bis(2-hydroxyethyl)amino]acetate. It is a tautomer of a [bis(2-hydroxyethyl)ammonio]acetate. 
it is an arenecarbaldehyde that is 1,3-benzodioxole substituted by a formyl substituent at position 5. It has been isolated from Piper nigrum. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a fragrance and an insect repellent. It is a member of benzodioxoles and an arenecarbaldehyde. 
it is an organic phosphonate that is the trisacetoxymethylester derivative of naphthalene substituted hydroxymethylphosphonic acid. It has been found to inhibit insulin receptor tyrosine kinase activity and insulin stimulated glucose oxidation. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It is an organic phosphonate, a member of naphthalenes and an acetate ester. It derives from a hydroxymethylphosphonic acid. 
it, also known as phytanoyl CoA, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acyl coas. These are acyl CoAs where the group acylated to the coenzyme A moiety is a long aliphatic chain of 13 to 21 carbon atoms. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, phytanoyl-CoA is primarily located in the cytoplasm, membrane (predicted from logP), peroxisome and mitochondria. In humans, phytanoyl-CoA is involved in the phytanic Acid peroxisomal oxidation pathway and the oxidation OF branched chain fatty acids pathway. it is also involved in the metabolic disorder called the refsum disease pathway. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligopeptides. These are organic compounds containing a sequence of between three and ten alpha-amino acids joined by peptide bonds. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, ustiloxin c is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ustiloxin c can be found in cereals and cereal products. This makes ustiloxin c a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase-resistant, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
ROCK2 Inhibitor KD025 is an orally administered inhibitor of Rho-associated coiled-coil kinase 2 (ROCK2; ROCK-II), with potential immunomodulating activity. Upon administration, ROCK2 inhibitor KD025 binds to and inhibits the serine/threonine kinase activity of ROCK2. This inhibits ROCK2-mediated signal transduction pathways and modulates various pro- and anti-inflammatory immune cell responses. ROCK2 is upregulated in various diseases, including various fibrotic, neurodegenerative and autoimmune diseases. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of ethametsulfuron with methanol. A herbicide used for the control of broad-leaved weeds in oil seed rape and fodder rape. It has a role as a herbicide and an EC 2.2.1.6 (acetolactate synthase) inhibitor. It is a diamino-1,3,5-triazine, a N-sulfonylurea, an aromatic ether, a benzoate ester and a methyl ester. It derives from an ethametsulfuron. 
it is a member of the class of resolvins that is (5Z,7E,9E,13Z,15E,19Z)-docosahexaenoic acid carrying three hydroxy substituents at positions 4, 11 and 17 (the 4S,11R,17R-stereoisomer) It has a role as an anti-inflammatory agent and a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a resolvin, a secondary allylic alcohol, a triol and a hydroxy polyunsaturated fatty acid. 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-benzoxazoles that is 1,3-benzoxazole-6-carboxylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 is replaced by a 3,5-dichlorophenyl group. Used (as its meglumine salt) for the amelioration of transthyretin-related hereditary amyloidosis. It has a role as a central nervous system drug. It is a member of 1,3-benzoxazoles, a monocarboxylic acid and a dichlorobenzene. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it appears as fine colorless crystals. Water insoluble. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydroxy seco-steroid that is (5Z,7E)-9,10-secocholesta-5,7,10(19)-triene in which the pro-S hydrogen at position 3 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is the inactive form of it, being hydroxylated in the liver to calcidiol (25-hydroxyit), which is then further hydroxylated in the kidney to give calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxyit), the active hormone. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a seco-cholestane, a hydroxy seco-steroid, a member of D3 vitamins, a secondary alcohol and a steroid hormone. it is a steroid hormone produced in the skin when exposed to ultraviolet light or obtained from dietary sources. The active form of it, 1,25-dihydroxyit (calcitriol) plays an important role in maintaining blood calcium and phosphorus levels and mineralization of bone. The activated form of it binds to vitamin D receptors and modulates gene expression. This leads to an increase in serum calcium concentrations by increasing intestinal absorption of phosphorus and calcium, promoting distal renal tubular reabsorption of calcium and increasing osteoclastic resorption. 
it is a phenylalkylamine that is benzene in which one of the hydrogens is substituted by a 3-aminopropyl group. It is a phenylalkylamine, a member of benzenes and a primary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a 3-phenylpropylaminium. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sulfated steroids. These are sterol lipids containing a sulfate group attached to the steroid skeleton. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been found throughout most human tissues, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a trideoxyhexose carrying a single amino substituent at position 3 and deoxygenated at positions 2, 3 and 6. It is an amino monosaccharide and a trideoxyhexose derivative. 
it is a selenoamino acid that is the selenium analogue of methionine. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of its and a selenoamino acid. it is a selenium (Se) analogue of methionine in which sulfur is replaced with the trace element selenium. it (SeMet) can incorporate into proteins in place of methionine with no effects on protein structure and function, providing a mechanism for reversible Se storage in organs and tissues. Free selenium is incorporated into selenocysteine, an amino acid found in more than thirty selenoproteins including the glutathione peroxidases (GPx) enzymes, thioredoxin reductase (TR) and the iodothyronine deiodinase enzymes. 
it is a dipeptide formed from L-valine and L-tyrosine residues. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-valine and a L-tyrosine. 
it is a L-serine derivative consisting of L-serine having a 1-glycerophospho group attached to the side-chain hydroxy function. It is a glycerol 1-phosphodiester, a L-serine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Halofuginone Hydrobromide is the hydrobromide salt of halofuginone, a semisynthetic quinazolinone alkaloid anticoccidial derived from the plant Dichroa febrifuga, with antifibrotic and potential antineoplastic activities. Halofuginone specifically inhibits collagen type I gene expression and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) gene expression, which may result in the suppression of angiogenesis, tumor stromal cell development, and tumor cell growth. These effects appear to be due to halofuginone-mediated inhibition of the collagen type I and MMP-2 promoters. Collagen type I and MMP-2 play important roles in fibro-proliferative diseases. 
2, 3, 5-Trimethylfuran belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. 2, 3, 5-Trimethylfuran is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Outside of the human body, 2, 3, 5-trimethylfuran can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes 2, 3, 5-trimethylfuran a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a polyatomic cation consisting of a dodecyl group and three phenyl groups attached to a central phosphonium. It is a polyatomic cation, a phosphorus molecular entity and a heteroorganic entity. 
it is a disaccharide derivative that is beta-D-apiofuranosyl-(1->6)-D-glucopyranose with a 4-(prop-2-en-1-yl)phenyl group substituent. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a beta-D-apiofuranosyl-(1->6)-D-glucopyranose. 
it is a quinolinium ion that is 1-methylquinolinium substituted by dimethylamino group at position 6 and a (E)-2-(2,5-dimethyl-1-phenyl-1H-pyrrol-3-yl)ethenyl at position 2. It is a anthelminthic drug active against pinworms. The salts of it can also be used as anticancer agents. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent and an anthelminthic drug. 
it is a neolignan that is 2,3-dihydro-1-benzofuran carrying 3,4-dimethoxyphenyl, methyl, formyl and methoxy substituents at positions 2, 3, 5 and 7 respectively. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of 1-benzofurans, a dimethoxybenzene, a neolignan, a ring assembly and an arenecarbaldehyde. 
it is a nitrogen hydride. It is a conjugate base of a hydrazine. It is a conjugate acid of a hydrazine-1,2-diide and a it. 
it is a hydroxy fatty acid that is palmitic (hexadecanoic) acid carrying a single hydroxy substituent at position 14. It is a hydroxy fatty acid and a long-chain fatty acid. It derives from a hexadecanoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 14-hydroxypalmitate. 
it, also known as fema 3318, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 3-phenyl-4-pentenal is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it appears as fine white plates or white powder. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of the class of phenylureas that is urea substituted by a 4-chlorophenyl group and a 3,4-dichlorophenyl group at positions 1 and 3 respectively. It has a role as a disinfectant, an antiseptic drug, an antimicrobial agent, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a dichlorobenzene, a member of monochlorobenzenes and a member of phenylureas. It derives from a 1,3-diphenylurea. it is a triclosan analogue with an antibacterial property. it exerts its effect by inhibiting the activity of enoyl-(acyl-carrier protein) (ACP) reductase, widely distributed in bacteria, fungi and plants. ACP reductase catalyses the last step in each cycle of fatty acid elongation in the type II fatty acid synthase systems. As a result, this agent interrupts cell membrane synthesis and leads to bacterial growth inhibition. 
it is an amber-colored liquid with a mild chemical odor. Used for control of ticks, flies, lice, and mites on cattle and for blowfly, lice, ked, and itchmite on sheep. Controls fleas and mites on dogs; not used on cats. Applied on organic wastes and breeding places of fly larvae. Also used as a foliage insecticide for potatoes, rice, maize, and sugar cane. Used to control soil insects. (EPA, 1998) it is an organic phosphate, an organophosphate insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide, an organochlorine acaricide and a dichlorobenzene. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.7 (acetylcholinesterase) inhibitor, an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor and an agrochemical. 
2-Hydroxy-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-6-one, also known as it or p-menth-8-ene-2, 6-dione, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as menthane monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids with a structure based on the o-, m-, or p-menthane backbone. P-menthane consists of the cyclohexane ring with a methyl group and a (2-methyl)-propyl group at the 1 and 4 ring position, respectively. The o- and m- menthanes are much rarer, and presumably arise by alkyl migration of p-menthanes. 2-Hydroxy-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-6-one is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 2-hydroxy-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-6-one is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 2-hydroxy-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-6-one can be found in herbs and spices. This makes 2-hydroxy-p-mentha-1, 8-dien-6-one a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Neokestose, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as oligosaccharides. These are carbohydrates made up of 3 to 10 monosaccharide units linked to each other through glycosidic bonds. Neokestose is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, neokestose is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, neokestose can be found in cereals and cereal products, common wheat, french plantain, and garden onion. This makes neokestose a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a benzyl alcohol derivative with vasodilator activity. The mechanism of action of it hydrochloride is controversial, because it has beta-adrenergic activities that could not be offset by beta-adrenergic blockers. Although stimulation of the beta adrenergic receptor increases blood flow to produce vasodilatation, this agent may also have direct effects on the contractility of smooth muscle. Additionally, it causes relaxation of uterine smooth muscle and may also produce positive inotropic and chronotropic effects on the myocardium. 
it is a pyrimidine derivative having amino substituents in the 2- and 6-positions, a hydroxy substituent at the 4-position and an N-methylformamido group at the 5-position. It is an aminopyrimidine, a formamidopyrimidine and a hydroxypyrimidine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyl ethers. These are organic compounds containing the dialkyl ether functional group, with the formula ROR', where R and R' are alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a black currant, cat, and catty tasting compound that can be found in fats and oils, fruits, and tea. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
2-ethoxyethyl 2-(4-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoate is a carboxylic ester that is the resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 2-(4-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid with the hydroxy group of 2-ethoxyethanol. It is an aromatic ether, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound, a member of pyridines and a carboxylic ester. It derives from a 2-(4-{[3-chloro-5-(trifluoromethyl)pyridin-2-yl]oxy}phenoxy)propanoic acid and a 2-ethoxyethanol. 
A long-acting derivative of cyclic AMP. It is an activator of cyclic AMP-dependent protein kinase, but resistant to degradation by cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase. 
it is a member of biladienes. It derives from a biladiene-ab. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it appears as a colorless highly reactive gas with a penetrating odor. mp: -150Â°C, bp: -56Â°C. Reacts violently with water. Soluble in diethyl ether and acetone. Severely irritates the eyes, the skin and the respiratory tract. Used is the manufacture of acetic anhydride, sorbic acid, cinnamic acids, chloroacetyl chloride and other materials. Readily polymerizes and cannot be shipped or stored. Is obtained instead as needed from diit.   DIit (CAS: 674-82-8; Formula: C4H2O2 ) is a colorless liquid with a pungent odor. mp: -6.5Â° C; bp: 127Â°C. Density 1.08 g/cm3. Reacts violently with water. Is obtained from the dimerization of it and can be stored and transported under refrigeration. A severe lachrymator (irritates the eyes, the respiratory tract, and the skin as well). Depolymerizes at 650Â°C to give it. 
it is an alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with sympathomimetic activity. it (PPA) binds to and activates alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors in the mucosa of the respiratory tract resulting in vasoconstriction and reduction in swelling of nasal mucous membranes and reduction in tissue hyperemia, edema, and nasal congestion. This agent also stimulates the release of norepinephrine from its storage sites resulting in the effects already described. Finally, PPA indirectly stimulates beta-receptors producing tachycardia and a positive inotropic effect. 
Solifenacin is an anticholinergic and antispasmodic agent used to treat urinary incontinence and the overactive bladder syndrome. Solifenacin has not been implicated in causing liver enzyme elevations or clinically apparent acute liver injury. 
it is a 1-beta-methylcarbapenem antibiotic with broad-spectrum activity against gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. it has a longer half-life than imipenem-cilastatin or meropenem and shows activity against methicillin-resistant S. aureus. 
it is an organoammonium phosphate. It derives from a disopyramide. it is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent with cardiac depressant properties. it exerts its actions by blocking both sodium and potassium channels in cardiac membrane during phase 0 of the action potential. This slows the impulse conduction through the AV node and prolongs the duration of the action potential of normal cardiac cells in atrial and ventricular tissues. Disopyramide prolongs the QT interval and causes a widening of the QRS complex. It also possesses some anticholinergic and local anaesthetic properties. it is used in the treatment of supraventricular tachycardia. 
2-Methyl-1, 3-cyclohexadiene, also known as 1, 3-cyclohexadiene, 3-methyl or 4, 5-dihydrotoluene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as branched unsaturated hydrocarbons. These are hydrocarbons that contains one or more unsaturated carbon atoms, and an aliphatic branch. 
2-hydroxy-3-(2-methoxyphenoxy)propyl carbamate is a carbamate ester that is glycerol in which one of the primary alcohol groups has been converted to its 2-methoxyphenyl ether while the other has been converted to the corresponding carbamate ester. It is a carbamate ester, a secondary alcohol and an aromatic ether. it is a carbamate with centrally acting muscle relaxant properties. Though the exact mechanism of action of it was not established, it's postulated to be via a mechanism similar of carbamate, inhibition of acetylcholinesterase at synapses in the autonomic nervous system, neuromuscular junction, and central nervous system. it has no direct effect on the contractile mechanism of striated muscle, the motor end plate or the nerve fiber. 
it is an anilide obtained by formal condensation of the amino group of aniline with the carboxy group of 2-methyl-5,6-dihydro-4,4-dioxo-1,4-oxathiine-3-carboxylic acid. A fungicide for the control of rust diseases on ornamentals, cereals and nursery trees as well as fairy rings on turf. It has a role as an EC 1.3.5.1 [succinate dehydrogenase (quinone)] inhibitor and an antifungal agrochemical. It is a sulfone, an anilide, an oxacycle, an organosulfur heterocyclic compound and an anilide fungicide. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of naratriptan, a sulfonamide with selective serotonin (5-HT) 1 receptor agonistic activity and anti-migraine property. it binds selectively and with high affinity to the 5-HT1D and 5-HT1B receptor subtypes. Activation of these 5-HT1D/B receptors located on intracranial blood vessels leads to vasoconstriction and provides relief of migraine headaches. it may also exerts its effect by stimulation of 5-HT1D/1B receptors on sensory nerve endings in the trigeminal system thereby decreasing the release of pro-inflammatory neuropeptides. 
it, also known as ceanothate or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ceanothic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ceanothic acid can be found in fruits and tea. This makes ceanothic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is conjugate base of N(omega)-it having anionic carboxy and phosphate groups and protonated amino and guanidino nitrogens. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and an alpha-amino-acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a N(omega)-it. 
it is a dibenzothiepine that is 10,11-dihydrodibenzo[b,f]thiepine bearing additional methylthio and 4-methylpiperazin-1-yl substituents at positions 8 and 10 respectively. Potent 5-HT2 antagonist, also active as 5-HT1 antagonist. Differentiates 5-HT1D sub-types. Also displays affinity for rodent 5-HT5B, 5-HT5A, 5-HT7 and 5-HT6 receptors (pK1 values are 6.6, 7.0, 8.4 and 8.7 respectively). It has a role as an antipsychotic agent, a dopaminergic antagonist and a serotonergic antagonist. It is a N-alkylpiperazine, a dibenzothiepine, an aryl sulfide and a tertiary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it, also known as 1-mercapto-2-methylbutane or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
Indole-4-carbaldehyde is a heteroarenecarbaldehyde that is indole in which the hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a formyl group. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is a member of indoles and a heteroarenecarbaldehyde. 
it is a benzoate ester obtained by the formal condensation of benzoic acid with tert-butanol. It is a benzoate ester and a tert-butyl ester. It derives from a benzoic acid. 
it is a sulfur-containing amino acid consisting of 2-aminodecanoic acid having a methylthio substituent at the 10-position. It is a sulfur-containing amino acid, a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid and a methyl sulfide. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
Isocyanic acid, 3,4-dichlorophenyl ester is a white to yellow solid. Used as a chemical intermediate and in organic synthesis. (EPA, 1998) 
it appears as white crystals. Practically neutral aqueous solution. (NTP, 1992) it is a quaternary ammonium salt with choline cation and chloride anion. It has a role as an animal growth promotant. It is a chloride salt and a quaternary ammonium salt. It contains a choline. 
, also known as it or 12-tricosanone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. Thus, is considered to be a fatty ester lipid molecule. exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. is a sweet, apple, and estery tasting compound that can be found in pineapple and soursop. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a nucleobase analogue that is cytosine in which the hydrogen at position 5 is replaced by a formyl group. It has a role as a metabolite. It is an aminopyrimidine, a pyrimidone, a nucleobase analogue and a heteroarenecarbaldehyde. It derives from a cytosine. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloheptafurans. These are organic heterocyclic compounds containing a cycloheptane derivative fused to a furan. Furan is a five-membered aromatic ring with four carbon atoms and one oxygen atom. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in lettuce and romaine lettuce. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a deoxycortisol that is 17xi-pregn-4-ene-3,20-dione substituted by a beta-hydroxy group at position 11 and an alpha-hydroxy group at position 17. It is a marker of virilizing adrenal hyperplasia caused by 21-hydroxylase deficiency. It has a role as a human blood serum metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an 11beta-hydroxy steroid, a 17alpha-hydroxy-C21-steroid, a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a deoxycortisol. 
P-hydroxyphenylbut-3-ene-2-one is an enone in which a 4-hydroxyphenyl group is attached to the beta-carbon atom of but-3-en-2-one. It is a member of phenols and an enone. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of 3,3-dimethylmalic acid. It derives from a succinic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-3,3-dimethylmalate(2-). 
it is a phosphonic acid consisting of propan-2-ol with the phospho group at the 1-position. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a member of phosphonic acids and a secondary alcohol. It derives from a phosphonic acid. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid dianion obtained by deprotonation of both carboxy groups of diphenic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it is a carotenone that consists of beta,beta-carotene-4,4'-dione bearing two hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 3' (the 3S,3'S diastereomer). A carotenoid pigment found mainly in animals (crustaceans, echinoderms) but also occurring in plants. It can occur free (as a red pigment), as an ester, or as a blue, brown or green chromoprotein. It has a role as an anticoagulant, an antioxidant, a food colouring, a plant metabolite and an animal metabolite. It is a carotenone and a carotenol. It derives from a hydride of a beta-carotene. it is a natural and synthetic xanthophyll and nonprovitamin A carotenoid, with potential antioxidant, anti-inflammatory and antineoplastic activities. Upon administration, it may act as an antioxidant and reduce oxidative stress, thereby preventing protein and lipid oxidation and DNA damage. By decreasing the production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and free radicals, it may also prevent ROS-induced activation of nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB) transcription factor and the production of inflammatory cytokines such as interleukin-1beta (IL-1b), IL-6 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-a). In addition, it may inhibit cyclooxygenase-1 (COX-1) and nitric oxide (NO) activities, thereby reducing inflammation. Oxidative stress and inflammation play key roles in the pathogenesis of many diseases, including cardiovascular, neurological, autoimmune and neoplastic diseases. 
3-(Cystein-S-yl)acetaminophen, also known as paracetamol-cysteine or PCM-C, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as l-cysteine-s-conjugates. L-cysteine-S-conjugates are compounds containing L-cysteine where the thio-group is conjugated. 3-(Cystein-S-yl)acetaminophen is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a methyl ester resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of 3,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid with methanol. It has a role as an antioxidant, a neuroprotective agent and a plant metabolite. It is a methyl ester and a member of catechols. It derives from a 3,4-dihydroxybenzoic acid. 
it is a cephalotaxine-derived alkaloid ester obtained from Cephalotaxus harringtonia; used for the treatment of chronic or accelerated phase chronic myeloid leukaemia. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an apoptosis inducer and an anticoronaviral agent. It is an alkaloid ester, a tertiary alcohol, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and an enol ether. It derives from a cephalotaxine. Omacetaxine Mepesuccinate is a semisynthetic formulation of the cytotoxic plant alkaloid it isolated from the evergreen tree Cephalotaxus with potential antineoplastic activity. it binds to the 80S ribosome in eukaryotic cells and inhibits protein synthesis by interfering with chain elongation. This agent also induces differentiation and apoptosis in some cancer cell types. 
it, solution appears as a clear to water-white liquid which may have a pungent odor. Contact may cause severe irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. It may be toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. It is used to make other chemicals. 
it is a 1,1-bis(phosphonic acid) that is (ethane-1,1-diyl)bis(phosphonic acid) having a hydroxy substituent at the 1-position. It inhibits the formation, growth, and dissolution of hydroxyapatite crystals by chemisorption to calcium phosphate surfaces. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, a chelator and an antineoplastic agent. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). As a member of the family of drugs known as bisphosphonates, it differs from endogenous pyrophosphate in its resistance to enzymatic hydrolysis. This agent adsorbs to hydroxyapatite cells and reduces the number of osteoclasts, thereby inhibiting abnormal bone resorption. Etidronate may also directly stimulate bone formation by osteoblasts. (NCI) 
it is an inhibitor of spleen tyrosine kinase (syk), with potential anti-inflammatory, immunomodulating, and antineoplastic activities. Spleen tyrosine kinase inhibitor mivavotinib may inhibit the activity of syk, which abrogates downstream B-cell receptor (BCR) signaling and leads to an inhibition of B-cell activation, chemotaxis, adhesion and proliferation. Syk, a BCR-associated non-receptor tyrosine kinase that mediates diverse cellular responses, including proliferation, differentiation, and phagocytosis, is expressed in hematopoietic tissues and is often overexpressed in hematopoietic malignancies. 
it is a terpene lactone isolated from the stems and roots of Kadsura lancilimba and has been shown to exhibit anti-HIV activity. It has a role as a metabolite and an anti-HIV agent. It is a terpene lactone, a tricyclic triterpenoid, a delta-lactone and a monocarboxylic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as gamma-keto acids and derivatives. These are organic compounds containing an aldehyde substituted with a keto group on the C4 carbon atom. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it appears as orange-red powder. Thin red needles decomposing at 188-190Â°C. An anti-cancer drug. Daunorubicin Hydrochloride is the hydrochloride salt of an anthracycline antineoplastic antibiotic with therapeutic effects similar to those of doxorubicin. Daunorubicin exhibits cytotoxic activity through topoisomerase-mediated interaction with DNA, thereby inhibiting DNA replication and repair and RNA and protein synthesis. 
it is a dihydropterin, a member of neopterins and a pterin phosphate. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 7,8-dihydroneopterin. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
Isoproterenol Sulfate is the sulfate salt form of isoproterenol, a beta-adrenergic receptor agonist with bronchodilator activity. Isoproterenol binds to beta-2 adrenergic receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, thereby activating intracellular adenyl cyclase, an enzyme that catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increased cAMP levels cause relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle, relieve bronchospasms, improve mucociliary clearance and inhibit the release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells. 
it, also known as 1-butanol, 4-methylthio or fema 3600, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkylthioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by two alkyl groups. it is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a cabbage, garlic, and green tasting compound that can be found in coffee and coffee products. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
4-Acetoxy-2-hexyltetrahydrofuran, also known as it or 2-hexyltetrahydrofuran-4-yl acetate, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. 4-Acetoxy-2-hexyltetrahydrofuran is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 4-acetoxy-2-hexyltetrahydrofuran is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 4-Acetoxy-2-hexyltetrahydrofuran has a sweet, floral, and fruity taste. 
it(2-) is dicarboxylate anion of it; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a linear tetrapyrrole anion and a dicarboxylic acid dianion. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a semi-synthetic derivative of tetracycline that was initially discovered by Paratek Pharmaceuticals from Boston, MA but then licensed to Warner Chilcott of Rockaway, NJ in July of 2007. After completing various phase-II and phase-III trials demonstrating its effectiveness in treating moderate to severe facial acne vulgaris the US Food and Drug Administration approved Barcelona based Almirall, S.A.'s Seysara (sarecylcine) as a new first in class narrow spectrum tetracycline derived oral antibiotic for the treatment of inflammatory lesions of non-nodular moderate to severe acne vulgaris in patients nine years of age and older. Seysara (it) was originally part of Allergan's US Medical Dermatology portfolio, before Almirall acquired the portfolio in the second half of 2018 as a means of consolidating and reinforcing the dermatology-focused pharmaceutical company's presence in the United States.  Acne vulgaris itself is a common chronic skin condition associated with the blockage and/or inflammation of hair follicles and their accompanying sebaceous glands. The acne often presents physically as a mixture of non-inflammatory and inflammatory lesions mainly on the face but on the back and chest as well. Based upon data from Global Burden of Disease studies, the acne vulgaris condition affects up to 85% of young adults aged 12 to 25 years globally - with the possibility of permanent physical and mental scarring resulting from cases of severe acne.  Subsequently, while a number of first line tetracycline therapies like doxycycline and minocycline do exist for treating acne vulgaris, it presents a new and innovative therapy choice because it exhibits the necessary antibacterial activity against relevant pathogens that cause acne vulgaris but also possesses a low propensity for resistance development in such pathogens and a narrower, more specific spectrum of antibacterial activity, resulting in fewer off-target antibacterial effects on endogenous intestinal flora and consequently fewer resultant adverse effects associated with diarrhea, fungal overgrowth, etc. 
Z-Val-Phe-H is a dipeptide resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of N-benzyloxycarbonyl-L-valine with the amino group of L-phenylalanine aldehyde. It is a potent cell-permeable inhibitor of calpain I and II, and is also a gamma-secretase inhibitor. It has a role as an EC 3.4.22.53 (calpain-2) inhibitor, an EC 3.4.22.52 (calpain-1) inhibitor, an EC 3.4.23.46 (memapsin 2) inhibitor, an antileishmanial agent and an apoptosis inhibitor. It is an aldehyde, a dipeptide and a carbamate ester. 
it is a polyprenylhydroquinone in which the polyprenyl substituent is octaprenyl at C-3; methoxy and methyl groups are also present at C-5 and C-2 respectively. It is a polyprenylhydroquinone and a member of hydroquinones. 
it is an N-sulfonyldiazepane resullting from the formal condensation of 5-iodo-1-naphthylsulfonic acid with one of the nitrogens of 1,4-diazepane. It is a selective inhibitor of myosin light chain kinase (EC 2.7.11.18). It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.18 (myosin-light-chain kinase) inhibitor. It is an organoiodine compound and a N-sulfonyldiazepane. 
it, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tetrahydrofurans. These are heterocyclic compounds containing a saturated, aliphatic, five-membered ring where a carbon is replaced by an oxygen. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanol can be found in nuts. This makes tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-furanol a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Dimethyltetradecanamine appears as a light yellow liquid with a fishlike odor. Insoluble in water and less dense than water. Hence floats on water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. Used to make other chemicals. 
it, also known as 5, 6-dithiadecane, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as dialkyldisulfides. These are organic compounds containing a disulfide group R-SS-R' where R and R' are both alkyl groups. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it is a sulfurous tasting compound that can be found in green vegetables and herbs and spices. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it, also known as 32'-dihydroxy flavone, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonols. Flavonols are compounds that contain a flavone (2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one) backbone carrying a hydroxyl group at the 3-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a white solid with a mild odor. Floats on water. (USCG, 1999) it is a C18 straight-chain saturated fatty acid component of many animal and vegetable lipids. As well as in the diet, it is used in hardening soaps, softening plastics and in making cosmetics, candles and plastics. It has a role as a plant metabolite, a human metabolite, a Daphnia magna metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a long-chain fatty acid, a straight-chain saturated fatty acid and a saturated fatty acid. It is a conjugate acid of an octadecanoate. It derives from a hydride of an octadecane. it is a saturated long-chain fatty acid with an 18-carbon backbone. it is found in various animal and plant fats, and is a major component of cocoa butter and shea butter. 
it is a 17-oxo steroid that is androst-4-ene-3,17-dione in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a hydroxy group. it was the first selective, type I steroidal aromatase inhibitor, suppressing oestrogen production from anabolic steroids or prohormones. It was formerly used in the treatment of oestrogen-receptor positive breast cancer in post-meopausal women. As it has poor oral bioavailability, it had to be administered by (fortnightly) intramuscular injection. It fell out of use with the subsequent development of cheaper, orally active aromatase inhibitors. it is listed by the World Anti-Doping Agency as a substance prohibited from use by athletes. It has a role as an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 17-oxo steroid, a hydroxy steroid and an enol. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. it is a synthetic steroidal substance with antineoplastic activity. it binds irreversibly to and inhibits the enzyme aromatase, thereby blocking the conversion of cholesterol to pregnenolone and the peripheral aromatization of androgenic precursors into estrogens. (NCI04) 
it is a carbamate ester that is the N-[1-(isobutyryloxy)ethoxy]carbonyl derivative of [1-(aminomethyl)cyclohexyl]acetic acid. The prodrug for gabapentin, used for treatment of neuropathic pain and restless legs syndrome. It has a role as a prodrug, an anticonvulsant and a calcium channel blocker. It is a monocarboxylic acid, a carbamate ester, a carboxylic ester and an acetal. It derives from a gamma-aminobutyric acid and a gabapentin. 
it is a camphene (2,2-dimethyl-3-methylenebicyclo[2.2.1]heptane) that has R configuration at position 1 and S configuration at position 4. It is an enantiomer of a (-)-camphene. 
1,2-palmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol) is a 1,2-diacyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol) in which both acyl groups are specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a 1,2-dipalmitoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho-(1'-sn-glycerol)(1-). 
it is a primary aliphatic amine that is butan-2-amine substituted by a methyl group at position 2. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. 
it is the tromethamine salt of ketorolac, a synthetic pyrrolizine carboxylic acid derivative with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic properties. it, a non-selective inhibitor of the cyclooxygenases (COX), inhibits both COX-1 and COX-2 enzymes. This agent exerts its anti-inflammatory effect by preventing conversion of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins at inflammation site mediated through inhibition of COX-2, which is undetectable in most tissues but is up-regulated at the inflammation sites. Since COX-1 is expressed virtually in all tissues, inhibition of COX-1 enzyme by this agent prevents normal state production of prostaglandins, which plays housekeeping roles in the protection of the gastrointestinal tract, regulating renal blood flow, and functioning in platelet aggregation. As a result, inhibition of COX-1 is usually associated with adverse effects such as gastrointestinal toxicity and nephrotoxicity. 
it is a heteropentacyclic compound that is (20alpha)-16,17-didehydro-18-oxayohimban which is substituted at position 16 by a methoxycarbonyl group and at position 19 by a methyl group. It is a metabolite found in several plant species. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a yohimban alkaloid, an organic heteropentacyclic compound and a methyl ester. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a clear orange oil with a disagreeable odor. (NTP, 1992) it is a dithiol that is propane substituted by thiol groups at positions 1 ans 3. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 4,4-difluorocyclohexanecarboxylic acid and the primary amino group of (1S)-3-[(3-exo)-3-(3-isopropyl-5-methyl-4H-1,2,4-triazol-4-yl)-8-azabicyclo[3.2.1]oct-8-yl]-1-phenylpropylamine. An antiretroviral drug, it prevents the interaction of HIV-1 gp120 and chemokine receptor 5 (CCR5) necessary for CCR5-tropic HIV-1 to enter cells. It has a role as an antiviral drug, a chemokine receptor 5 antagonist and a HIV fusion inhibitor. It is an azabicycloalkane, an organofluorine compound, a member of triazoles and a monocarboxylic acid amide. it is a C-C Chemokine Receptor Type 5 (CCR5) antagonist with activity against human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). it inhibits HIV-1 entry via CCR5 coreceptor interaction. 
it is an androstanoid that is 5alpha-androstane having a hydroxy substituent at the 3alpha-position and an oxo group at the 17-position. It is a metabolite of dehydroepiit. It has a role as an androgen, a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a 3alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 17-oxo steroid, an androstanoid and a C19-steroid. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-androstane. it is a steroid metabolite derived from sex hormones, which displays weak androgenic properties. In testes is formed from progesterone. it sulfate is clinically recognized as one of the major androgen metabolites found in urine, in males and females. It is made in the liver from the metabolism of testosterone. it glucuronide, a dihydrotestosterone metabolite, is present in serum. it is a weak anabolic hormone. (NCI04) 
it is an herbal preparation containing a defined quantity of specific cannabinoids formulated for oromucosal spray administration with potential analgesic activity. it contains a standardized extract of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the non-psychoactive cannabinoid cannabidiol (CBD), other minor cannabinoids, flavonoids, and terpenes from two cannabis plant varieties. Cannabinoids interact with G protein-coupled cannabinoid 1 (CB1) receptors in the central nervous system, resulting in analgesic, euphoric, and anticonvulsive effects. 
it, also known as 1-methyl-3-isopropylbenzene or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cumenes. These are aromatic compounds containing a prop-2-ylbenzene moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. it has been primarily detected in feces. Within the cell, 1-isopropyl-3-methylbenzene is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, 1-isopropyl-3-methylbenzene can be found in blackcurrant, fruits, and sweet basil. This makes 1-isopropyl-3-methylbenzene a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a UDP-amino sugar compound having 2-acetamido-2,6-dideoxy-beta-D-xylo-hexopyranosyl-4-ulose as the sugar residue. It is an UDP-amino sugar and a secondary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from an UDP-D-glucosamine. It is a conjugate acid of an it(2-). 
it is the 3-hydroxy derivative of N(6),N(6),N(6)-trimethyl-L-lysine It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a quaternary ammonium ion and a N(6),N(6),N(6)-trimethyl-L-lysine. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of hydroxyzine, a piperazine histamine H1-receptor antagonist with anti-allergic, antispasmodic, sedative, anti-emetic and anti-anxiety properties. it blocks the H1 histamine receptor and prevents the symptoms that are caused by histamine activity on capillaries, bronchial smooth muscle, and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, including vasodilatation, increased capillary permeability, bronchoconstriction, and spasmodic contraction of gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In addition, hydroxyzine hydrochloride crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts on the histamine H1-receptors in the central nervous system. (NCI05) 
it is dianion of 3'-dephospho-CoA. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a 3'-dephospho-CoA. 
it is the sulfate salt form of codeine, a naturally occurring phenanthrene alkaloid and opioid agonist with analgesic, antidiarrheal and antitussive activity. it mimics the actions of opioids by binding to the opioid receptors at many sites within the central nervous system (CNS). Stimulation of the mu-subtype opioid receptor stimulates the exchange of GTP for GDP on the G-protein complex and subsequently inhibits adenylate cyclase. This results in a decrease in intracellular cAMP and leads to a reduction in the release of neurotransmitters such as substance P, GABA, dopamine, acetylcholine and noradrenaline. The analgesic effect of codeine sulfate is likely due to its metabolite morphine, which induces opening of G-protein-coupled inwardly rectifying potassium (GIRK) channels and blocks the opening of N-type voltage-gated calcium channels, thereby resulting in hyperpolarization and reduced neuronal excitability. 
it is a 3beta-hydroxy steroid that is stigmastane substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 3, 5 and 6 (the 3beta,5alpha,6beta stereoisomer). It has been isolated from the roots of Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a triol, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid, a 5alpha-hydroxy steroid and a 6beta-hydroxy steroid. It derives from a hydride of a stigmastane. 
it is the sodium salt form of cefotaxime, a beta-lactam, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefotaxime sodium binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBP) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linking of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. Compared to the second and first generation cephalosporins, cefotaxime sodium is more active against gram-negative bacteria and less active against gram-positive bacteria. 
it is a cardenolide glycoside that is gitoxigenin in which the 3beta-hydroxy group has been glycosylated with tridigitoxose. It derives from a gitoxigenin. 
it is an ampakine compound created by Dr. Gary Lynch at UCI in 1993 and further developed by Cortex Pharmaceuticals, an Irvine company created to explore possible applications. It is one of a class of synthetic compounds that amplify the signal of glutamate, a neurotransmitter important for learning and memory. 
it appears as a colorless to yellow colored fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Density 14.7 lb / gal. Causes severe burns. Very toxic by inhalation. Corrosive to metals. 
it is trianion of coenzyme B. It is an organophosphate oxoanion and a monocarboxylic acid anion. It is a conjugate base of a coenzyme B. 
, also known as it or fema 3605, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohols. These are aliphatic alcohols consisting of a chain of a least six carbon atoms. Thus, is considered to be a fatty alcohol lipid molecule. exists as a liquid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. is a fatty, floral, and mushroom tasting compound that can be found in spearmint. This makes a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a glycopeptide antibiotic found in Streptomyces flavoviridis. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent and a bacterial metabolite. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a petroleum-like odor. Flash point 57Â°F. Boiling point 97Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Hence floats on water. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a straight chain alkane consisting of 5 carbon atoms. It has a role as a non-polar solvent and a refrigerant. It is a volatile organic compound and an alkane. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a choking or suffocating odor. Boiling point -10Â°C. Heavier than air. Very toxic by inhalation and may irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Under prolonged exposure to fire or heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Used to manufacture chemicals, in paper pulping, in metal and food processing.   Rate of onset: Immediate & Delayed  Persistence: Minutes to hours  Odor threshold: 1 ppm  Source/use/other hazard: Disinfectant and preserving in breweries and food/canning; textile industry; batteries. it is a sulfur oxide. It has a role as a food bleaching agent, a refrigerant and an Escherichia coli metabolite. 
it is a tertiary amine. It has a role as an estrogen antagonist and an estrogen receptor modulator. It derives from a hydride of a stilbene. it is the trans-isomer of clomiphene citrate (CC). it has a higher rate of clearance and is less active than the cis-isomer, cis-clomiphene. it citrate has been evaluated for antineoplastic activity against breast cancer. (NCI04) 
1, 1-Dimethoxyheptane, also known as fema 2541, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as acetals. Acetals are compounds having the structure R2C(OR')2 ( R' not Hydrogen) and thus diethers of geminal diols. Originally, the term was confined to derivatives of aldehydes (one R = H), but it now applies equally to derivatives of ketones (neither R = H ). Mixed acetals have different R' groups. 1, 1-Dimethoxyheptane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 1-dimethoxyheptane is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 1, 1-Dimethoxyheptane has a fruity, green, and orange taste. 
its, inorganic, n.o.s. appears as colorless solutions or crystalline solids. Denser than water. Contact may cause irritation to skin, eyes, and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. it is the nitrogen oxoanion formed by loss of a proton from nitrous acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a nitrogen oxoanion, a member of reactive nitrogen species and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a nitrous acid. 
it is a monothiocarbamic ester that is phenyl methanesulfonate in which the hydrogen at position 4 is replaced by a (methylcarbamoyl)sulfanediyl group. It is a fungicide used for the treatment of a range of fungal diseases in rice. It is a monothiocarbamic ester and a methanesulfonate ester. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2-arylbenzofuran flavonoids. These are phenylpropanoids containing the 2-phenylbenzofuran moiety. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits and mulberry. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is lup-20(29)-ene substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 1 and 3 respectively (the 1beta,3beta-stereoisomer). It has been isolated from Breynia fruticosa. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a diol and a pentacyclic triterpenoid. It derives from a hydride of a lupane. 
it is dianion of nicotinic acid D-ribonucleotide arising from deprotonation of carboxylic acid and phosphate functions. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a nicotinic acid D-ribonucleotide. 
it is a member of its. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it A(4+). it is the major component of the it complex, an aminoglycoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces kanamyceticus, with antibacterial activity. 
it, also known as fema 2944 or HCOOCH(CH3)2, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as carboxylic acid esters. These are carboxylic acid derivatives in which the carbon atom from the carbonyl group is attached to an alkyl or an aryl moiety through an oxygen atom (forming an ester group). it exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and an extremely weak basic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it is a cocoa, ethereal, and solvent tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, coffee and coffee products, fruits, and mushrooms. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a limonene monoterpenoid that consists of cyclohexanone bearing hydroxy and methyl substituents at position 2 as well as an isopropenyl substituent at position 5. It is a limonene monoterpenoid and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. 
it is an aldarolactone formed via intramolecular cyclocondensation of galactaric acid. It has a role as a bacterial xenobiotic metabolite. It is an aldarolactone and a carbohydrate acid. It derives from a galactaric acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
Ile(5)-it is an it that acts on the central nervous system (PDB entry: 1N9V). It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tautomer of an Ile(5)-it dizwitterion. 
An amphetamine analog that is rapidly taken up by the lungs and from there redistributed primarily to the brain and liver. It is used in brain radionuclide scanning with I-123. 
it is an alpha,omega-dicarboxylic acid that is the 1,6-dicarboxy derivative of hexane. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a suberate(2-) and a suberate. 
it is an iron cation and a monoatomic trication. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. 
it is an N-acylglucosamine where the N-acyl group is specified as glycoloyl and the configuration of the glucosamine is beta-D. It has a role as an epitope. It is a N-acyl-hexosamine, an amino monosaccharide and a N-acylglucosamine. 
N-(3-fluorophenyl)-2-(pyridin-4-yl)quinazolin-4-amine is a member of the class of quinazolines that is quinazoline which is substituted at positions 2 and 4 by pyridin-4-yl and (3-fluorophenyl)nitrilo groups, respectively. It is a member of quinazolines, a secondary amino compound, an aromatic amine, a member of pyridines, a member of monofluorobenzenes and a substituted aniline. 
it is d-Ribitol in which the hydroxy group at position 5 is substituted by a 7,8-dimethyl-2,4-dioxo-3,4-dihydrobenzo[g]pteridin-10(2H)-yl moiety. It is a nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables, but the richest natural source is yeast. The free form occurs only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide. It has a role as a photosensitizing agent, a metabolite, a B vitamin, a food colouring, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). it is an essential human nutrient that is a heat-stable and water-soluble flavin belonging to the vitamin B family. it is a precursor of the coenzymes flavin mononucleotide (FMN) and flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD). These coenzymes are of vital importance in normal tissue respiration, pyridoxine activation, tryptophan to niacin conversion, fat, carbohydrate, and protein metabolism, and glutathione reductase mediated detoxification. it may also be involved in maintaining erythrocyte integrity. This vitamin is essential for healthy skin, nails, and hair. 
it is a synthetic pyridinylmethylene-diacetate ester derivative stimulant laxative, it acts with a parasympathetic effect directly on mucosal sensory nerves, increasing peristaltic contractions. It is used for occasional constipation, in pre- and postoperative treatment, and in conditions that require facilitation of defecation. (NCI04) 
it, also known as fema 2733 or mephaneine, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, methyl benzeneacetate is primarily located in the cytoplasm. it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a sweet, almond, and floral tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as fruits, pepper (c. frutescens), coffee and coffee products, and corn. This makes methyl benzeneacetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a carbapenemcarboxylic acid in which the azetidine and pyrroline rings carry 1-hydroxymethyl and in which the azetidine and pyrroline rings carry 1-hydroxymethyl and 5-(dimethylcarbamoyl)pyrrolidin-3-ylthio substituents respectively. It has a role as an antibacterial drug, an antibacterial agent and a drug allergen. It is a carbapenemcarboxylic acid, a pyrrolidinecarboxamide, an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid and an organic sulfide. it is the anhydrous form of it, a broad-spectrum carbapenem with antibacterial properties, synthetic it inhibits cell wall synthesis in gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. It penetrates cell walls and binds to penicillin-binding protein targets. it acts against aerobes and anaerobes including Klebsiella, E. coli, Enterococcus, Clostridium sp.. (NCI04) 
it is a chelate that is used as a source of dietary iron. Forming a ring structure when reacting with glycine, it acts as both a chelate and a nutritionally functional. It is found in foods for food enrichment or in supplements for the treatment of iron deficiency or iron deficiency anemia. 
it is the (R)-enantiomer of it. It is a conjugate acid of a (2R)-it(3-). It is an enantiomer of a (2S)-it. 
it is a selective pan-Class I phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K/Phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase/phosphatidylinositide 3-kinase) inhibitor that was first developed by Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The drug targets the enzyme that plays a role in regulating cell growth and survival. it was granted accelerated approval on September 14, 2017 under the market name it for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma and a treatment history of at least two prior systemic therapies. Follicular lymphoma is a slow-growing type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma that is caused by unregulated proliferation and growth of lymphocytes. The active ingredient in Aliquopa intravenous therapy is it dihydrochloride. it is a phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it inhibits the activation of the PI3K signaling pathway, which may result in inhibition of tumor cell growth and survival in susceptible tumor cell populations. Activation of the PI3K signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis and dysregulated PI3K signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
it is an S-substituted L-cysteine where the S-substituent is specified as a sulfo group. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a human metabolite. It is an organic thiosulfate and a S-substituted L-cysteine. It is a conjugate acid of a S-sulfo-L-cysteinate(1-). 
it is 1,4-Dihydro-2H-3,1-benzoxazin-2-one substituted at the 4 position by cyclopropylethynyl and trifluoromethyl groups (S configuration) and at the 6 position by chlorine. A non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor with activity against HIV, it is used with other antiretrovirals for combination therapy of HIV infection. It has a role as a HIV-1 reverse transcriptase inhibitor and an antiviral drug. It is a benzoxazine, an acetylenic compound, an organochlorine compound, an organofluorine compound and a member of cyclopropanes. it is a synthetic non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase (RT) inhibitor with antiviral activity. it binds directly to the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) RT, an RNA-dependent DNA polymerase, blocking its function in viral DNA replication. In combination with other antiretroviral drugs, this agent has been shown to significantly reduce HIV viral load, retarding or preventing damage to the immune system and reducing the risk of developing AIDS. it induces activity of the cytochrome P450 system, accelerating its own metabolism. 
it appears as a colorless oily flammable liquid. Density about the same as water. Vapors much heavier than air. Vapors may irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are released during combustion. Used as a propellant and as a solvent. it is a nitroalkane that is propane substituted at C-1 by a nitro group. It derives from a hydride of a propane. 
it is the sodium salt form of Brequinar. Brequinar inhibits the enzyme dihydroorotate dehydrogenase, thereby blocking de novo pyrimidine biosynthesis. This agent may also enhance the in vivo antitumor effect of antineoplastic agents such as 5-FU. (NCI04) 
Lansioside a belongs to the class of organic compounds known as terpene glycosides. These are prenol lipids containing a carbohydrate moiety glycosidically bound to a terpene backbone. Lansioside a exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, lansioside a is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, lansioside a can be found in fruits. This makes lansioside a a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a vinca alkaloid, an alkaloid ester, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, a methyl ester and a hemiaminal. It has a role as an antihypertensive agent, a vasodilator agent and a metabolite. It derives from an eburnamenine. 
it is a hydroxychrysene that is chrysene in which the hydrogen at position 1 has been replaced by a hydroxy group. It is a metabolite of the polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon chrysene. It has a role as a xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a toluate that is the conjugate base of m-toluic acid. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a m-toluic acid. 
it is a liposomal small-molecule glutathione analog inhibitor of glutathione S-transferase (GST) P1-1 with hematopoiesis-stimulating activity. After intracellular de-esterification, the active form of it (TLK117) binds to and inhibits GST P1-1, thereby restoring Jun kinase and MAPK pathway activities and promoting MAPK-mediated cellular proliferation and differentiation pathways. This agent promotes the proliferation and maturation of hematopoietic precursor cells, granulocytes, monocytes, erythrocytes and platelets. 
it is an isoquinoline alkaloid that is 1',2'-didehydroemetan bearing two hydroxy substituents at positions 6' and 9 as well as three methoxy substituents at positions 7', 10 and 11. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is an isoquinoline alkaloid, a member of isoquinolines, a pyridoisoquinoline, a polyphenol and an aromatic ether. It derives from a hydride of an emetan. 
it is a dioxolane that is 1,3-dioxolane substituted by an isopropyl group at position 2. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a hydride of a 1,3-dioxolane. 
it is a salt that consists of two lactate anions for each calcium cation (Ca2+). It is prepared commercially by the neutralization of lactic acid with calcium carbonate or calcium hydroxide. Approved by the FDA as a direct food substance affirmed as generally recognized as safe, it is used as a firming agent, flavoring agent, leavening agent, stabilizer, and thickener. it is also found in daily dietary supplements as a source of calcium. It is also available in various hydrate forms, where it pentahydrate is the most common. 
5-Isopropyl-2-methylphenol acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as aromatic monoterpenoids. These are monoterpenoids containing at least one aromatic ring. 5-Isopropyl-2-methylphenol acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 5-isopropyl-2-methylphenol acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, 5-isopropyl-2-methylphenol acetate can be found in fats and oils. This makes 5-isopropyl-2-methylphenol acetate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of 1-(2-chlorophenyl)isoquinoline-3-carboxylic acid with the amino group of sec-butylmethylamine It has a role as an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of isoquinolines, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an aromatic amide and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is an L-alpha-amino acid that is L-serine in which the hydroxy group at position 3 is converted to the corresponding 2-aminoethyl ether. An antimetabolic antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces reseoviridofuscus. It has a role as an antimetabolite, an antineoplastic agent, a metabolite and an antimicrobial agent. It is a L-serine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is the parenterally-administered synthetic valerate ester of estradiol, a steroid sex hormone vital to the maintenance of fertility and secondary sexual characteristics in females. As the primary, most potent estrogen hormone produced by the ovaries, estradiol binds to and activates specific nuclear receptors. This agent exhibits mild anabolic and metabolic properties, and increases blood coagulability. (NCI04) 
it is a hydrate that is the tetrahydrate form of cadmium nitrate. It is a hydrate, a calcium salt and an inorganic nitrate salt. It contains a calcium nitrate. 
it is a glutathione derivative that is glutathione in which the hydrogen attached to the sulfur is replaced by a selenol group. It has a role as a metabolite and an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a glutathione derivative and a thioselenide. It contains a selenol group. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, and Neoplasms, Hormone-Dependent. it is a synthetic steroidal substance with antineoplastic activity. it binds irreversibly to and inhibits the enzyme aromatase, thereby blocking the conversion of cholesterol to pregnenolone and the peripheral aromatization of androgenic precursors into estrogens. (NCI04) 
it is a member of the class of 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acids that is 1,3-thiazole-4-carboxylic acid in which the hydrogen at position 2 has been replaced by a 6-hydroxy-1,3-benzothiazol-2-yl group. It has a role as a luciferin and an animal metabolite. It is a 1,3-thiazolemonocarboxylic acid, a member of benzothiazoles, a member of phenols and a biaryl. 
Rilematovir is under investigation in clinical trial NCT04056611 (Effects of JNJ-53718678 in Adult and Adolescent Participants Who Had a Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation and Who Are Infected With Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV)). 
Ginsenoside RB1, also known as sanchinoside E1 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Ginsenoside RB1 exists as a solid, slightly soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Ginsenoside RB1 has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, ginsenoside RB1 is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, ginsenoside RB1 can be found in tea. This makes ginsenoside RB1 a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is the orally bioavailable malate salt of an indolinone-based tyrosine kinase inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Sunitinib blocks the tyrosine kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), platelet-derived growth factor receptor b (PDGFRb), and c-kit, thereby inhibiting angiogenesis and cell proliferation. This agent also inhibits the phosphorylation of Fms-related tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT3), another receptor tyrosine kinase expressed by some leukemic cells. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a sweet fat-like odor. Flash point 180Â°F. Less dense than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. it is a fatty alcohol consisting of a hydroxy function at C-1 of an unbranched saturated chain of ten carbon atoms. It has a role as a metabolite and a protic solvent. It is a primary alcohol and a fatty alcohol. 
it is the sulfate salt form of tranylcypromine, an orally bioavailable, nonselective, irreversible, non-hydrazine inhibitor of both monoamine oxidase (MAO) and lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1/BHC110), with antidepressant and anxiolytic activities, and potential antineoplastic activities. Upon oral administration, tranylcypromine exerts its antidepressant and anxiolytic effects through the inhibition of MAO, an enzyme that catalyzes the breakdown of the monoamine neurotransmitters serotonin, norepinephrine, epinephrine and dopamine. This increases the concentrations and activity of these neurotransmitters. Tranylcypromine exerts its antineoplastic effect through the inhibition of LSD1. Inhibition of LSD1 prevents the transcription of LSD1 target genes. LSD1, a flavin-dependent monoamine oxidoreductase and a histone demethylase, is upregulated in a variety of cancers and plays a key role in tumor cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. 
it is a member of the class of perimidines that is 2,2-dimethyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-perimidine carring a [4-(phenyldiazenyl)naphthalen-1-yl]diazenyl substituent at position 6. A fat-soluble dye predominantly used for demonstrating triglycerides in frozen sections and for staining of protein bound lipids in paraffin sections. It has a role as a histological dye. It is a member of azobenzenes, a bis(azo) compound and a member of perimidines. 
it is a secondary alcohol that is cyclohexanol substituted by two methyl groups at the 3-position and one methyl group at the 5-position. It exhibits inhibitory activity against HMG-CoA reductase ( EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88). It has a role as an EC 1.1.1.34/EC 1.1.1.88 (hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA reductase) inhibitor. It is a member of cyclohexanols and a secondary alcohol. 
it is an analog of D-alanine that is active against gram-negative bacteria. it is an irreversible inhibitor of bacterial alanine racemase, an enzyme required for the generation of the bacterial cell wall precursor, D-alanine. 
it is an organoiodine compound, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It derives from a doxorubicin. It is a conjugate acid of a itium. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of moricizine, a phenothiazine analog with class I antiarrhythmic activity. it blocks the rapid flow of sodium ions into the myocardial cell during phase 0 of the action potential. This decreases excitability, slows the impulse conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node and depresses depolarization. 
it is an icosenoic acid having a cis- double bond at position 9. It has a role as an algal metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a gadoleate. it is a monounsaturated long-chain fatty acid with a 20-carbon backbone and the sole double bond originating from the 11th position from the methyl end, with the bond in the cis- configuration. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indolonaphthyridine alkaloids. These are a numerous and relatively straightforward subgroup of the b-carbolines, e. g. Canthin-6-one, in which an additional C3 unit is attached between C-1 and the indole nitrogen to form an additional ring. The group includes a few dimeric examples, such as Haplophytine. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is hexanoic acid with four hydroxy groups at C-3, C-4, C-5, C-6, and an amino group at C-2. It has a role as a bacterial metabolite. It derives from a D-gluconic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-amino-2-deoxy-D-gluconate. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a monovalent inorganic anion obtained by deprotonation of iodous acid. It is an iodine oxoanion and a monovalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of an iodous acid. 
it is an azaheterocycle sulfate salt. It derives from an indinavir. it is a synthetic antiviral agent. Indinavir selectively binds to the active site of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) protease and inhibits its activity, preventing the protease-mediated cleavage of gag-pol viral polyproteins; as a result immature, noninfectious virions are produced. 
it is the methyl ester of phenylglyoxylic acid with methanol. Metabolite observed in cancer metabolism. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a methyl ester and an alpha-ketoester. It derives from a phenylglyoxylic acid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, methoxybauerenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. 
it is a 3beta-sterol that is ergosta-7,22-dien-3-ol substituted by additional hydroxy groups at positions 5, 6 and 9 (3beta,5alpha,6beta,22E stereoisomer). It has been isolated from the endophytic fungus, Chaetomium globosum. It has a role as a Chaetomium metabolite. It is a 3beta-sterol, a 5alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 6beta-hydroxy steroid and a 9-hydroxy steroid. 
RU 58668 is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is 17beta-estradiol in the the hydrogen at the 11beta position has been replaced by a p-({5-[(4,4,5,5,5-pentafluoropentyl)sulfonyl]pentyl}oxy)phenyl group. RU 58668 is a pure anti-estrogen that downregulates estrogen receptor expression (IC50 = 0.04 nM). It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an anti-estrogen and an estrogen receptor antagonist. It is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid, a 3-hydroxy steroid, a sulfone, an organofluorine compound and an aromatic ether. 
it is a primary alcohol, a secondary alcohol, an amino dicarboxylic acid, a L-cysteine thioether and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It derives from a leukotriene E4. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a tripeptide composed of one L-glutamic acid and two L-cysteine units joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid and a L-cysteine. 
3-Allyl-1-cyclohexene belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cycloalkenes. These are unsaturated monocyclic hydrocarbons having one endocyclic double bond. 3-Allyl-1-cyclohexene is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is the organic anion resulting from the removal of a proton from the hydrogen-bearing nitrogen atom of dantrolene. It is a conjugate base of a dantrolene. 
it, also known as CP-25673it or CP 25673, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as diarylthioethers. These are organosulfur compounds containing a thioether group that is substituted by two aryl groups. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it, also known as 4-hydroxy-3-methoxy mandelaldehyde, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). it participates in a number of enzymatic reactions. In particular, it can be biosynthesized from normetanephrine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme amine oxidase [flavin-containing] a. In addition, it can be biosynthesized from metanephrine; which is catalyzed by the enzyme amine oxidase [flavin-containing] a. In humans, it is involved in the disulfiram action pathway and the tyrosine metabolism pathway. it is also involved in several metabolic disorders, some of which include the hawkinsinuria pathway, tyrosinemia, transient, OF the newborn pathway, dopamine beta-hydroxylase deficiency, and the tyrosinemia type I pathway. Outside of the human body, it can be found in a number of food items such as pot marjoram, grass pea, nuts, and green vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
1, 1-Dimethoxy-2-phenylethane, also known as phenacetaldehyde dimethyl acetal or (2, 2-dimethoxyethyl)-benzene, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzene and substituted derivatives. These are aromatic compounds containing one monocyclic ring system consisting of benzene. 1, 1-Dimethoxy-2-phenylethane is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 1-dimethoxy-2-phenylethane is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 1, 1-Dimethoxy-2-phenylethane has a bitter, earthy, and floral taste. 
it, also known as glycyram or dermacrin, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpene saponins. These are glycosylated derivatives of triterpene sapogenins. The sapogenin moiety backbone is usually based on the oleanane, ursane, taraxastane, bauerane, lanostane, lupeol, lupane, dammarane, cycloartane, friedelane, hopane, 9b, 19-cyclo-lanostane, cycloartane, or cycloartanol skeleton. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, glycyrrhizin is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is a mild and spicy tasting compound that can be found in herbs and spices and root vegetables. This makes glycyrrhizin a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a benzazepine alkaloid isolated from Cephalotaxus harringtonia. It is a benzazepine alkaloid, a benzazepine alkaloid fundamental parent, an organic heteropentacyclic compound, an enol ether, a cyclic acetal, a secondary alcohol and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is an amino sugar phosphate. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a N-acetylneuraminate. 
NSC 56820 is an amino sulfonic acid that is 4-[(4-methylenecyclohexa-2,5-dien-1-ylidene)amino]benzenesulfonic acid in which the hydrogens of the methylene group are replaced by 4-amino-3-methyl-5-sulfophenyl and 4-[(4-sulfophenyl)amino]phenyl groups. The disodium salt is the biological stain C.I. Acid Blue 22, also known as water blue. It is an organosulfonic acid, a ketimine and an amino sulfonic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a NSC 56820(2-). 
Maltitol, also known as E965 or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides. Fatty acyl glycosides of mono- and disaccharides are compounds composed of a mono- or disaccharide moiety linked to one hydroxyl group of a fatty alcohol or of a phosphorylated alcohol (phosphoprenols), a hydroxy fatty acid or to one carboxyl group of a fatty acid (ester linkage) or to an amino alcohol. Maltitol exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Maltitol has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as blood and urine. Within the cell, maltitol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Maltitol can be biosynthesized from alpha-D-glucose and D-glucitol. 
it is a white crystalline powder with a fragrant caramel-butterscotch odor. pH (5% aqueous solution) 5.3. (NTP, 1992) it is a member of 4-pyranones. It has a role as a metabolite. 
it is a 2,2'-iminobis[1-(6-fluoro-3,4-dihydro-2H-chromen-2-yl)ethanol] that has (1R,1'R,2R,2'S)-configuration. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It is an enantiomer of a (R,S,S,S)-nebivolol. Nebivolol is a beta-1 adrenergic receptor antagonist with antihypertensive and vasodilatory activity. Nebivolol binds to and blocks the beta-1 adrenergic receptors in the heart, thereby decreasing cardiac contractility and rate. This leads to a reduction in cardiac output and lowers blood pressure. In addition, nebivolol potentiates nitric oxide (NO), thereby relaxing vascular smooth muscle and exerting a vasodilatory effect. 
it is an optically active version of it having L-configuration. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid and a it. 
A cellulose derivative which is a beta-(1,4)-D-glucopyranose polymer. It is used as a bulk laxative and as an emulsifier and thickener in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals and as a stabilizer for reagents. 
it is a deoxyhexose derivative that is 5-methylhexanal which has been substituted at position 4 by a methoxy group and at positions 2, 3, and 5 by hydroxy groups (the 2R,3S,4R stereoisomer). It derives from an aldehydo-L-lyxose. 
it is a 17beta-hydroxy steroid that is testosterone that contains an additional double bond between positions 6 and 7. It is a 3-oxo-Delta(4) steroid, a 17beta-hydroxy steroid and an enone. It derives from a testosterone. 
it is a synthetic C-terminal octapeptide identical to the sequences of the endogenous cholecystokinin hormone. Mimic action of cholecystokinin, it induces gallbladder smooth muscle contraction directly, thereby reducing gallbladder size, inducing bile evacuation, and secretion of pancreatic enzymes. In addition, this agent decreases esophageal sphincter tone and delays gastric emptying via cholinergic signaling. 
it is a C-nitro compound that is a chloramphenicol phosphonate hapten which acts as a transition state analogue for the hydrolysis of chloramphenicol esters mediated by the catalytic antibody 7C8. It has a role as a hapten. It is an organochlorine compound, a C-nitro compound and a trifluoroacetamide. It derives from a chloramphenicol. 
it is a sesquiterpene lactone isolated from the whole plants of Ainsliaea macrocephala; exhibits inhibitory activity against production of nitric oxide (NO). It has a role as a metabolite and an EC 1.14.13.39 (nitric oxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a spiro compound and a sesquiterpene lactone. 
it is a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid from tubers of Stephania; stimulates recovery of immunologic function in lymphatic system after administration of antineoplastic agents or x-irradiation. It is a member of isoquinolines and a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid. 
Generally white crystalline solids. Toxic by dust ingestion, inhalation or skin contact. it is a divalent inorganic anion obtained by removal of both protons from selenic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a selenium oxoanion and a divalent inorganic anion. It is a conjugate base of a hydrogenit. 
Santalyl acetate belongs to the class of organic compounds known as sesquiterpenoids. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units. Santalyl acetate is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, santalyl acetate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Santalyl acetate has a bitter, cashew, and floral taste. 
it is an orally bioavailable inhibitor of acyl-Coenzyme A:cholesterol acyltransferase (ACAT) that prevents cholesterol deposition in the arterial wall. Research was discontinued due to difficulties in assaying the effects of it on preventing plaque formation and due to its ability to increase the activity of Cytochrome P450 3A4, thus increasing the removal of other drugs from the body. 
it is an abietane diterpenoid that is abieta-8,11,13-triene substituted by a hydroxy group at positions 12. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antibacterial agent, a protective agent and a plant metabolite. It is an abietane diterpenoid, a member of phenols, a carbotricyclic compound and a meroterpenoid. 
it, also known as T-2 triol or toxin T 3, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as trichothecenes. These are sesquiterpene mycotoxins structurally characterized by the presence of an epoxide ring and a benzopyran derivative with a variant number of hydroxyl, acetyl, or other substituents. The most important structural features causing the biological activities of trichothecenes are the 12, 13-epoxy ring, the presence of hydroxyl or acetyl groups at appropriate positions on the trichothecene nucleus and the structure and position of the side-chain. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide formed between benzylpenicillin and benzylamine. It has a role as an allergen. It is a thiazolidinemonocarboxylic acid and a monocarboxylic acid amide. It contains a benzylpenicilloyl group. It derives from a benzylamine and a benzylpenicillin. 
it is a monoterpene glycoside with formula C23H28O14S, originally isolated from the roots of Paeonia lactiflora. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a beta-D-glucoside, a benzoate ester, a bridged compound, a cyclic acetal and a monoterpene glycoside. It derives from a paeoniflorin. 
it is a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. it Sulfate is the sulfate form of cefpirome, a semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, fourth-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it is a tryptamine alkaloid that is N,N-dimethyltryptamine substituted by a methoxy group at position 5. It has a role as a hallucinogen and a plant metabolite. It is a tryptamine alkaloid, an aromatic ether and a tertiary amino compound. It derives from a bufotenin. 
it is an aromatic ether in which the substituents on oxygen are 6-[(2S)-1-hydroxypropan-2-yl]-2-naphthyl and methyl. It has a role as a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a non-narcotic analgesic and an antipyretic. 
it is a cholestanoyl-CoA formed by thioester linkage between 3alpha,7alpha,12alpha-trihydroxy-5beta-cholestan-26-oic acid and coenzyme A. It has a role as a metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It derives from a 3alpha,7alpha,12alpha-trihydroxy-5beta-cholestan-26-oic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(4-). 
it is a nine-membered oligopeptide that consists of tyrosyl, threonyl, prolyl, lysyl, valyl, prolyl, tyrosyl, methionyl and methyl S-farnesylcysteinate residues joined in sequence. A peptide pheromone released by Schizosaccharomyces pombe cells of the cellular mating type Minus. It is an oligopeptide, a peptide pheromone and a methyl ester. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a Progestin. The chemical classification of it is Progesterone Congeners. it is a synthetic derivative of progesterone with antiestrogenic activity. it binds to and activates nuclear receptors which subsequently bind to and activate target genes for transcription. As an antiestrogen, this agent may inhibit the growth-stimulating effects of estrogen on estrogen-sensitive tumor cells. In addition, it stimulates appetite in cachectic subjects. 
6, 7-Dihydro-5-methyl-5H-cyclopenta[b]pyrazine, also known as 5-methyl -6, 7-dihydrocyclopentapyrazine or fema 3306, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 6, 7-Dihydro-5-methyl-5H-cyclopenta[b]pyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 6, 7-dihydro-5-methyl-5H-cyclopenta[b]pyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 6, 7-Dihydro-5-methyl-5H-cyclopenta[b]pyrazine is a baked, earthy, and nut tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as potato, tea, coffee and coffee products, and green vegetables. This makes 6, 7-dihydro-5-methyl-5H-cyclopenta[b]pyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Density 1.85 g / cm3. Burns in air and may explode if large quantities are involved. Toxic by ingestion. Toxic oxides of nitrogen are produced in fires. it is the sodium salt of hydrogen azide (hydrazoic acid). It has a role as a mutagen, an antibacterial agent and an explosive. It contains an azide anion. 
it, also known as it or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty acid esters. These are carboxylic ester derivatives of a fatty acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 3-methylbutyl nonanoate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it is an apricot, floral, and fruity tasting compound that can be found in fruits. This makes 3-methylbutyl nonanoate a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
(-)-Morphine belongs to the class of organic compounds known as morphinans. These are polycyclic compounds with a four-ring skeleton with three condensed six-member rings forming a partially hydrogenated phenanthrene moiety, one of which is aromatic while the two others are alicyclic (-)-Morphine exists as a solid, soluble (in water), and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, (-)-morphine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, (-)-morphine can be found in green vegetables. This makes (-)-morphine a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a 17-oxo steroid that is estrone in which the hydrogen at position 4 has been replaced by a methoxy group. It has a role as an estrogen, a human metabolite, a genotoxin and a biomarker. It is a 17-oxo steroid, a 3-hydroxy steroid, an aromatic ether and a member of phenols. It derives from an estrone. 
it is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, beta-lactamase resistant, third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity. Cefditoren pivoxil is a prodrug that is rapidly hydrolyzed by intestinal esterases during absorption to the microbiologically active cefditoren, an active aminothiazolyl cephalosporin. Cefditoren inactivates penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) thereby interfering with peptidoglycan synthesis and inhibiting bacterial cell wall synthesis. Another consequence of beta-lactam exposure results in the loss of lipoteichoic acids from the cell wall. Lipoteichoic acids inhibit murein hydrolase activity and their absence from the cell wall triggers uncontrolled autolytic activity rendering bacterial cells susceptible to osmotic shock. This results in a reduction of cell wall stability and causes cell lysis. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 2'-hydroxychalcones. These are organic compounds containing chalcone skeleton that carries a hydroxyl group at the 2'-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an endocannabinoid and an endogenous agonist of the cannabinoid receptors (CB1 and CB2). It is an ester formed from omega-6-arachidonic acid and glycerol. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is an endocannabinoid and a 2-acylglycerol 20:4. It derives from an arachidonic acid. 
it is a tripeptide composed of three L-glutamic acid units joined by peptide linkages. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a L-glutamic acid. 
it is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid isolated from the root of Zanthoxylum simulans, Chelidonium majus L., and other Papaveraceae. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.13 (protein kinase C) inhibitor, an antibacterial agent and an antineoplastic agent. It is a benzophenanthridine alkaloid and an organic cation. 
it is an organic heterotetracyclic compound that is dibenzo[cd,f]indol-4(5H)-one carrying two methoxy substituents at positions 1 and 5 as well as a hydroxy substituent at position 2. It has a role as a plant metabolite, an antioxidant and an anti-inflammatory agent. It is an organic heterotetracyclic compound, an aromatic ether, a gamma-lactam, a phenol and an alkaloid. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pleasant odor. Flash point 73Â°F. Less dense than water. Vapors heavier than air. 
N-(tetradecanoyl)ethanolamine is an N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine resulting from the formal condensation of the carboxy group of tetradecanoic acid (myristic acid) with the amino group of ethanolamine. It is a N-(long-chain-acyl)ethanolamine and a N-(saturated fatty acyl)ethanolamine. It derives from a tetradecanoic acid. 
C.i. pigment yellow 100 is a yellow to greenish-yellow powder. (NTP, 1992) it is an organic sodium salt which is the trisodium salt of it acid. A synthetic lemon yellow azo dye used as a food colouring. It has a role as a histological dye and a food colouring. It contains a it(3-). 
it is a 1-acyl-2-tetradecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphate in which the 1-acyl group is specified as hexadecanoyl (palmitoyl). It is a 1-acyl-2-tetradecanoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphate and a tetradecanoate ester. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it, also known as ethyl cysteinate dimer (ECD), is a N,N'-1,2-ethylene-di-yl-bis-L-cysteinate diethyl ester. It is used in conjunction with technetium Tc99m as a tracer to measure cerebral blood flow with single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT). The complex of it and technetium Tc99m as a kit was developed by Lantheus Medcl and FDA-approved on November 23, 1994. 
it is a diterpenoid obtained by formal oxidation of the CH2OH group of (E,E,E)-geranylgeraniol to the corresponding carboxylic acid. It is a diterpenoid, a methyl-branched fatty acid, a trienoic fatty acid and an alpha,beta-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid. It derives from an (E,E,E)-geranylgeraniol. It is a conjugate acid of a (2E,6E,10E)-geranylgeranate. 
it is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine that is 6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine in which one of the hydrogens of the amino group is replaced by a propan-2-yl group. It has a role as a marine xenobiotic metabolite. It is a chloro-1,3,5-triazine and a diamino-1,3,5-triazine. It derives from a 6-chloro-1,3,5-triazine-2,4-diamine. 
it is a clear colorless highly volatile liquid with a sweet chloroform-like odor . Density 1.875 g / cm3. Boiling point 122.4Â°F (50.2Â°C). Noncombustible. it is a haloalkane comprising ethane having three flouro substituents at the 1-position as well as bromo- and chloro substituents at the 2-position. It has a role as an inhalation anaesthetic. It is a haloalkane, an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and an organobromine compound. it is a nonflammable, halogenated, hydrocarbon and general inhalation anesthetic. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, it provides relatively rapid induction of anesthesia by depressing the central nervous system, thereby producing a reversible loss of consciousness and sensation. (NCI05) 
it is a steroid acid consisting of 3beta-hydroxy-4beta-methyl-5alpha-cholest-7-ene having a carboxy group at the 4-position. It is a steroid acid, a 3beta-hydroxy steroid and a hydroxy monocarboxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 3beta-hydroxy-4beta-methyl-5alpha-cholest-7-ene-4alpha-carboxylate. It derives from a hydride of a 5alpha-cholestane. 
it is a beta-diketone that is curcumin in which one of the double bonds has been reduced to a single bond. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a polyphenol, a beta-diketone, an enone and a diarylheptanoid. It derives from a curcumin. 
Diphenylamine chloroarsine is in the form of yellow crystals. The vapors are very irritating to the eyes and mucous membranes and are also nauseating. 
it is the sodium salt of risedronic acid, a synthetic pyridinyl bisphosphonate. Risedronic acid binds to hydroxyapatite crystals in bone and inhibits osteoclast-dependent bone resorption. 
it is a member of the class of benzyl alcohols in which the hydrogen at position 4 on the phenyl ring of benzyl alcohol has been replaced by an isopropyl group. It has a role as a fragrance, an insect repellent, a volatile oil component, a plant metabolite and a xenobiotic metabolite. It is a p-menthane monoterpenoid and a member of benzyl alcohols. It derives from a p-cymene. 
Unstable isotopes of potassium that decay or disintegrate emitting radiation. K atoms with atomic weights 37, 38, 40, and 42-45 are it isotopes. 
it is a phenothiazine substituted at position 2 (para to the S atom) by a methylsulfinyl group, and on the nitrogen by a 2-(1-methylpiperidin-2-yl)ethyl group. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist and a first generation antipsychotic. It is a member of phenothiazines, a sulfoxide and a tertiary amino compound. 
it is conjugate base of it. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it. 
it is a tripeptide composed of N-acetylleucyl, leucyl and norleucinal residues joined in sequence. It has a role as a cysteine protease inhibitor. It is a tripeptide and an aldehyde. 
it, also known as it or fema 3468, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as furoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of furoic acid. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ethyl 2-phenyl-3-furancarboxylate is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it has a cherry and fruity taste. 
it is a tetramethoxyflavone that consists of quercetagetin in which the hydroxy groups at positions 3, 6, 7 and 4' have been replaced by methoxy groups. It has been isolated from Eremophila mitchellii. It has a role as an apoptosis inducer and a plant metabolite. It is a tetramethoxyflavone and a dihydroxyflavone. It derives from a quercetagetin. 
it is an organosulfonate oxoanion that is the conjugate base of taurodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a taurodeoxycholic acid. 
it appears as odorless colorless liquid or solid (depending upon temperature). (USCG, 1999) it is a butanediol that is butane in which one hydrogen of each of the methyl groups is substituted by a hydroxy group. A colourless, water-miscible, viscous liquid at room temperature (m.p. 16â„ƒ) with a high boiling point (230â„ƒ), it is mainly used for the production of other organic chemicals, particularly the solvent oxolane (also known as tetrahydrofuran or THF). It has a role as a neurotoxin, a protic solvent and a prodrug. It is a butanediol and a glycol. 
it appears as a colorless to pale yellow fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Vapor and liquid may cause burns. More dense than water. Vapors are heavier than air. 
TG(13:0/13:0/13:0), also known as it, 8CI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triacylglycerols. These are glycerides consisting of three fatty acid chains covalently bonded to a glycerol molecule through ester linkages. Thus, TG(13:0/13:0/13:0) is considered to be a triradylglycerol lipid molecule. TG(13:0/13:0/13:0) exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. TG(13:0/13:0/13:0) has been found in human adipose tissue tissue, and has also been primarily detected in blood. Within the cell, TG(13:0/13:0/13:0) is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and adiposome. 
it is a D-alpha-amino acid that is the D-isomer of arginine. It has a role as an EC 4.1.1.19 (arginine decarboxylase) inhibitor and a mouse metabolite. It is a D-alpha-amino acid and an arginine. It is a conjugate base of a itium(1+). It is a conjugate acid of a itate. It is an enantiomer of a L-arginine. 
it is a dTDP-sugar having beta-L-mycarose as the sugar component. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of a it(2-). 
it is a member of the class of cyclohexenones that is cyclohex-2-en-1-one substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 2, 4, 5 and 6 (the 4R,5S,6R-stereoisomer). It is a member of cyclohexenones, an enone and an enol. It derives from a cyclohex-2-enone. It is a conjugate acid of a (3R,4S,5R)-3,4,5-trihydroxy-6-oxocyclohex-1-en-1-olate. It is a tautomer of a 3D-3,5/4-trihydroxycyclohexane-1,2-dione. 
N(2)-acetyl-L-ornithine is an N(2)-acyl-L-ornithine where the acyl group is specified to be acetyl. It has a role as a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is an acetyl-L-ornithine and a N2-acyl-L-ornithine. It is a tautomer of a N(2)-acetyl-L-ornithine zwitterion. 
it is an agent belonging to the glitazone class of antidiabetic agents with antihyperglycemic activity. Besides its activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) gamma, it is also a potent agonist for PPARalpha. 
it is a biladiene that is a homologue of bilirubin IXalpha (vinyl groups reduced to ethyl), a natural product of heme catabolism and the primary pigment of bile acid. 
it is a bisbiguanide compound with a structure consisting of two (p-chlorophenyl)guanide units linked by a hexamethylene bridge. It has a role as an antiinfective agent and an antibacterial agent. It is a member of biguanides and a member of monochlorobenzenes. It derives from a biguanide. it is a biguanide compound used as an antiseptic agent with topical antibacterial activity. it is positively charged and reacts with the negatively charged microbial cell surface, thereby destroying the integrity of the cell membrane. Subsequently, it penetrates into the cell and causes leakage of intracellular components leading to cell death. Since gram positive bacteria are more negatively charged, they are more sensitive to this agent. 
it is an N-acylurea that is urea in which a hydrogen attached to one of the nitrogens is replaced by a 2,6-difluorobenzoyl group, while a hycrogen attached to the other nitorgen is replaced by a 3,5-dichloro-4-(1,1,2,2-tetrafluoroethoxy)phenyl group. It is a benzoylurea insecticide, an organofluorine insecticide, an organochlorine insecticide, a dichlorobenzene, a N-acylurea and an aromatic ether. 
it appears as a liquid with a sharp odor. Less dense than water. Flash point 34Â°F. Mildly toxic by ingestion and inhalation. Severely irritates skin and eyes. Vapors heavier than air. Used to make other chemicals. it is a diether that is the 1,2-dimethyl ether of ethane-1,2-diol. It has a role as a non-polar solvent. It derives from an ethylene glycol. 
it is the mesylate salt of an orally active small molecule with antineoplastic and hematopoiesis- stimulating activities. By cleaving N-terminal Xaa-Pro or Xaa-Ala residues, talabostat inhibits dipeptidyl peptidases, such as fibroblast activation protein (FAP), resulting in the stimulation of cytokine and chemokine production and specific T-cell immunity and T-cell dependent activity. This agent may also stimulate the production of colony stimulating factors, such as granulocyte colony stimulating factor (G-CSF), resulting in the stimulation of hematopoiesis. Dipeptidyl peptidases are involved in the activation of polypeptide hormones and chemokines. 
it is a derivative of the antitumor antibiotic spergualin with immunosuppressant activity. Gusperimus inhibits the interleukin-2-stimulated maturation of T cells to the S and G2/M phases and the polarization of the T cells into IFN-gamma-secreting Th1 effector T cells, resulting in the inhibition of growth of activated naive CD4 T cells; this agent may suppress growth of certain T-cell leukemia cell lines. (NCI04) 
it is a sesquiterpene that is cyclohexane substituted at positions 1, 1, 2, and 4 by methyl, vinyl, isopropenyl and isopropylidene groups, respectively (the S,S stereoisomer). It has a role as a plant metabolite and a volatile oil component. It is a sesquiterpene, a monocyclic hydrocarbon and an olefinic compound. 
it is a propanoic acid derivative having an (R)-hydroxy substituent at the 2-position and a 1H-indol-3-yl group at the 3-position. It derives from a propionic acid and a 1H-indole. It is a conjugate acid of a (R)-indole-3-lactate. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a pungent odor. Flash point about 190Â°F. Corrosive to skin and mucous membranes. It is very toxic by inhalation. it is acetaldehyde substituted at C-2 by chlorine. It derives from an acetaldehyde. 
it appears as a clear colorless liquid with a chloroform-like odor. Flash point 56Â°F. Denser than water and insoluble in water. Vapors are heavier than air. Density 10.4 lb / gal. it is a member of the class of chloroethanes substituted by two chloro groups at positions 1 and 2. It has a role as a non-polar solvent and a mutagen. Ethylene Dichloride is a clear, colorless, oily, synthetic, flammable liquid chlorinated hydrocarbon with a pleasant chloroform-like smell that emits toxic fumes of hydrochloric acid when heated to decomposition. it is primarily used to produce vinyl chloride. Inhalation exposure to this substance induces respiratory distress, nausea and vomiting and affects the central nervous system, liver and kidneys. It is mutagenic in animals and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is a carbohydrazide that is hydrazine in which one of the hydrogens is replaced by an acetyl group. It has a role as a drug metabolite. It is a tautomer of an acetohydrazonic acid. 
Tetrachloronaphthalene is a colorless to pale-yellow solid with an intense aromatic odor. Melting Point :182 C. Presents an environmental danger. Used in lubricants and in the manufacture of insulation for electrical wire. If released into the environment, bioaccumulation takes place in fish. Will persist in the environment causing long-term adverse effects. The halowaxes are technical-grade chlorinated naphthalenes containing tetrachloronaphthalene in its various isomers together with (mainly) trichloro- pentachloro- and hexa-chloronapthalenes in their various isomers. 
it is the hydrochloride form of cytarabine, an antimetabolite analogue of cytidine with a modified sugar moiety (arabinose instead of ribose). Cytarabine is converted to the triphosphate form within the cell and then competes with cytidine for incorporation into DNA. Because the arabinose sugar sterically hinders the rotation of the molecule within DNA, DNA replication ceases, specifically during the S phase of the cell cycle. This agent also inhibits DNA polymerase, resulting in a decrease in DNA replication and repair. 
Brevianamide b belongs to the class of organic compounds known as azaspirodecane derivatives. These are organic compounds containing a spirodecane moiety with at least one nitrogen atom. Brevianamide b exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, brevianamide b is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
5-O-Phosphonato-alpha-D-ribofuranosyl diphosphate(5-), also known as 5-phospho-a-D-ribose 1-diphosphoric acid or 5-O-phosphonato-a-D-ribofuranosyl diphosphoric acid pentaanion, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pentose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a pentose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. 5-O-Phosphonato-alpha-D-ribofuranosyl diphosphate(5-) is soluble (in water) and a moderately acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
4-Methyl-2, 3-pentanedione, also known as it or fema 2730, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alpha-diketones. These are organic compounds containing two ketone groups on two adjacent carbon atoms. 4-Methyl-2, 3-pentanedione is soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4-methyl-2, 3-pentanedione is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 4-Methyl-2, 3-pentanedione is a sweet, buttery, and creamy tasting compound that can be found in alcoholic beverages, cereals and cereal products, coffee and coffee products, and crustaceans. This makes 4-methyl-2, 3-pentanedione a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
4, 4alpha, 5, 6-Tetrahydro-7-methyl-2(3H)-naphthalenone, also known as fema 3715, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as cyclohexenones. Cyclohexenones are compounds containing a cylohexenone moiety, which is a six-membered aliphatic ring that carries a ketone and has one endocyclic double bond. 4, 4alpha, 5, 6-Tetrahydro-7-methyl-2(3H)-naphthalenone is slightly soluble (in water) and an extremely weak acidic (essentially neutral) compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 4, 4alpha, 5, 6-tetrahydro-7-methyl-2(3H)-naphthalenone is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it appears as odorless white to pale-yellow or tan crystalline powder with a sweetish taste. (NTP, 1992) it is an aminobenzoic acid that is benzoic acid having a single amino substituent located at position 2. It is a metabolite produced in L-tryptophan-kynurenine pathway in the central nervous system. It has a role as a water-soluble vitamin, a mouse metabolite and a human metabolite. It is a conjugate acid of an anthranilate. 
it is a HETE having an (8S)-hydroxy group and (5Z)-, (9E)-, (11Z)- and (14Z)-double bonds. It derives from an icosa-5,9,11,14-tetraenoic acid. It is a conjugate acid of an it(1-). It is an enantiomer of an 8(R)-HETE. 
it is the hydrochloride salt form of ceftiofur, a semisynthetic, beta-lactamase-stable, broad-spectrum, third-generation cephalosporin with antibacterial activity. Ceftiofur binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. PBPs are enzymes involved in the terminal stages of assembling the bacterial cell wall and in reshaping the cell wall during growth and division. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and causes cell lysis. 
it (Ethrane, 2-chloro-1,1,2-trifluoroethyldifluoromethyl ether) is a nonflammable halogenated hydrocarbon that exists as a clear, colorless, odorless to sweet, volatile liquid at ordinary temperature and pressure. Bp: 56.8Â°C. Density 1.50 g cm-3 at room temperature. Used as an anesthetic. it is an ether in which the oxygen atom is connected to 2-chloro-1,1,2-trifluoroethyl and difluoromethyl groups. It has a role as an anaesthetic. It is an organofluorine compound, an organochlorine compound and an ether. It derives from a methoxyethane. it is a fluorinated ether and very potent and stable general anaesthetic agent. The mechanism through which it exerts its effect is not clear, it probably acts on nerve cell membranes to disrupt neuronal transmission in the brain, probably via an action at the lipid matrix of the neuronal membrane. it may also enhance the activity of the inhibitory neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid on synaptic transmission. it may also inhibit glutamatergic excitatory transmission. 
it is a member of the class of pyrazoles that is 1H-pyrazole which is substituted at positions 1, 3 and 5 by 4-sulfamoylphenyl, trifluoromethyl and p-tolyl groups, respectively. A cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor, it is used in the treatment of arthritis. It has a role as a cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitor and a non-narcotic analgesic. It is a sulfonamide, a member of pyrazoles and an organofluorine compound. it is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with a diaryl-substituted pyrazole structure. it selectively inhibits cyclo-oxygenase-2 activity (COX-2); COX-2 inhibition may result in apoptosis and a reduction in tumor angiogenesis and metastasis. 
it is a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde that is (2E)-non-2-ene which is carrying an oxo group at position 1. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a monounsaturated fatty aldehyde, an enal and a medium-chain fatty aldehyde. 
it, also known as it or fema 2422, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzoic acid esters. These are ester derivatives of benzoic acid. it exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). it exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. it is a sweet, anise, and balsam tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as papaya, peach, cloves, and alcoholic beverages. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. it is a potentially toxic compound. 
Ionamin is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. it is the hydrochloride salt form of phentermine, a sympathomimetic amine with central nervous system (CNS) stimulant and appetite depressant properties. it stimulates the release of norepinephrine and dopamine from nerve endings and blocks the reuptake of these monoamines at the neuronal junctions, resulting in CNS stimulation and metabolic effects, including appetite-suppression, decreased gastric acid secretion and increased blood pressure. 
it is the trisodium salt form of gadofosveset, an injectable, intravascular, amphiphilic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) used with magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) imaging. Gadofosveset is a stable gadolinium diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (Gd-DTPA) chelate derivative with a diphenylcyclohexylphosphate group. Upon injection, gadofosveset binds reversibly to endogenous serum albumin which increases its intravascular retention time compared to non-protein binding contrast agents. The serum albumin binding also increases T1-relaxivity of gadofosveset. This produces an increase in signal intensity of blood, thereby enhancing the visualization of blood vessels upon MRA and may aid in the diagnosis of certain blood vessels and heart disorders. 
it is a 2-oxo monocarboxylic acid that is glyoxylic acid in which the aldehyde hydrogen is substituted by a phenyl group. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite and a biomarker. It derives from a glyoxylic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a phenylglyoxylate. 
RNA consisting of two strands as opposed to the more prevalent single-stranded RNA. Most of the double-stranded segments are formed from transcription of DNA by intramolecular base-pairing of inverted complementary sequences separated by a single-stranded loop. Some double-stranded segments of RNA are normal in all organisms. 
it is the simplest member of the class of 4'methoxyisoflavones that is isoflavone substituted by a methoxy group at position 4'. It derives from an isoflavone. 
it is a benzophenone that is the methyl ester of 2-(2,6-dihydroxy-4-methylbenzoyl)-5-hydroxy-3-methoxybenzoic acid. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a member of benzophenones, a carboxylic ester and a member of phenols. It derives from a demethylit. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). 
it is a kanamycin that is kanamycin B bearing an N-(2S)-4-amino-2-hydroxybutyryl group on the aminocyclitol ring. It has a role as an antimicrobial agent, a protein synthesis inhibitor, an antibacterial agent and an antibacterial drug. It is a member of kanamycins and an aminoglycoside. It derives from a kanamycin B. it is a semisynthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from dibekacin with activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria. it is most commonly used in the treatment of multi-resistant bacterial infections. 
it is a water-soluble para-aminophenol derivative and ester prodrug of acetaminophen in which acetaminophen is bound to the carboxylic acid diethylglycine, with analgesic and antipyretic activities. Upon intravenous administration, it is hydrolyzed by plasma esterases into its active form acetaminophen. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated despite its widespread use, acetaminophen enters the central nervous system and acts centrally. This agent binds to cyclooxygenase (COX) and prevents the metabolism of arachidonic acid to prostaglandin. A reduction in prostaglandin formation relieves pain and reduces fever. Acetaminophen may also act centrally on cannabinoid receptors and on N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors. 
it is a 17-oxo steroid that is androsta-1,4-diene-3,17-dione in which the hydrogens at position 6 are replaced by a double bond to a methylene group. A selective inhibitor of the aromatase (oestrogen synthase) system, it is used in the treatment of advanced breast cancer. It has a role as an EC 1.14.14.14 (aromatase) inhibitor, an antineoplastic agent, an environmental contaminant and a xenobiotic. It is a 17-oxo steroid and a 3-oxo-Delta(1),Delta(4)-steroid. It derives from a hydride of an androstane. it is a synthetic androgen analogue. it binds irreversibly to and inhibits the enzyme aromatase, thereby blocking the conversion of cholesterol to pregnenolone and the peripheral aromatization of androgenic precursors into estrogens. (NCI04) 
it is a monoterpenyl phosphate that is the O-diphospho derivative of (+)-borneol. It is a bornane monoterpenoid and a monoterpenyl phosphate. It derives from a (+)-borneol. It is a conjugate acid of a it(3-). It is an enantiomer of a (-)-bornyl diphosphate. 
it appears as a pale yellow liquid with a pungent odor. Density 14.3 lb /gal. Solidifies at 50Â°F. Insoluble in water. Noncombustible. Very toxic by skin absorption and inhalation. Corrosive to tissue. 
it is a dibenzoazepine that is 5H-dibenzo[b,f]azepine, reduced across the C-10,11 positions and carrying a carbamoyl substituent at the azepine nitrogen and a hydroxy function at C-10. A voltage-gated sodium channel blocker with anticonvulsant and mood-stabilizing effects, it is related to oxcarbazepine and is an active metabolite of oxcarbazepine. It has a role as a sodium channel blocker, an anticonvulsant and a drug allergen. It is a carboxamide, a dibenzoazepine and a member of ureas. It derives from a carbamazepine. 
it is trimethylamine in which hydrogen atoms attached to different methyl groups are substituted by 1-naphthyl and 4-tert-butylphenyl groups. It is an inhibitor of squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes, and is used as its hydrochloride salt for treatment of dermatological fungal infections. It has a role as an EC 1.14.13.132 (squalene monooxygenase) inhibitor and an antifungal drug. It is a tertiary amine and a member of naphthalenes. 
it is a DEA Schedule IV controlled substance. Substances in the DEA Schedule IV have a low potential for abuse relative to substances in Schedule III. 
A water-soluble, colorless crystal with an acid taste that is used as a chemical intermediate, in medicine, the manufacture of lacquers, and to make perfume esters. It is also used in foods as a sequestrant, buffer, and a neutralizing agent. (Hawley's Condensed Chemical Dictionary, 12th ed, p1099; McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific and Technical Terms, 4th ed, p1851) 
Ocimenol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as tertiary alcohols. Tertiary alcohols are compounds in which a hydroxy group, -OH, is attached to a saturated carbon atom R3COH (R not H ). Ocimenol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, ocimenol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Ocimenol exists in all eukaryotes, ranging from yeast to humans. 
it is an epoxide resulting from the formal epoxidation of the double bond between positions 2 and 3 of geranial. It is an aldehyde and an epoxide. It derives from a geranial. 
10-Keto stearic acid, also known as 10-keto stearate or ahpba deriv. 43, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as long-chain fatty acids. These are fatty acids with an aliphatic tail that contains between 13 and 21 carbon atoms. 10-Keto stearic acid exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. 10-Keto stearic acid has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, 10-keto stearic acid is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP), cytoplasm and adiposome. Outside of the human body, 10-keto stearic acid can be found in milk and milk products. This makes 10-keto stearic acid a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
Benzaldehyde glyceryl acetal, also known as benzalglycerin or benzylideneglycerol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 1, 3-dioxanes. These are organic compounds containing 1, 3-dioxane, an aliphatic six-member ring with two oxygen atoms in ring positions 1 and 3. Benzaldehyde glyceryl acetal is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, benzaldehyde glyceryl acetal is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is a trihydroxyflavone that is flavone substituted by hydroxy groups at positions 4', 5 and 7. It induces autophagy in leukaemia cells. It has a role as a metabolite and an antineoplastic agent. It is a conjugate acid of an it-7-olate. 
4-Ethenyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol, also known as 4-vinylsyringol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as methoxyphenols. Methoxyphenols are compounds containing a methoxy group attached to the benzene ring of a phenol moiety. 4-Ethenyl-2, 6-dimethoxyphenol is slightly soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid that is undecanoic acid in which one of the hydrogens of the terminal methyl group is replaced by a hydroxy group. It is an omega-hydroxy fatty acid, a medium-chain fatty acid and a straight-chain fatty acid. It derives from an undecanoic acid. 
it is a racemate comprising equimolar amounts of (R,R)- and (S,S)-it. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It contains a (R,R)-it and a (S,S)-it. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
it is a member of the class of imines that is 2,3-dihydro-1,4-naphthoquinone imine in which the imine hydrogen has been replaced by a 3,5-dichloro-4-hydroxyphenyl group. It is a member of tetralins, an imine, a chlorophenol and a dichlorobenzene. 
Dienestrol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1, 2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. Dienestrol is a drug which is used for use in the treatment of atrophic vaginitis and kraurosis vulvae. Dienestrol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Dienestrol has been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, dienestrol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as 3-hydroxyflavonol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as flavonols. Flavonols are compounds that contain a flavone (2-phenyl-1-benzopyran-4-one) backbone carrying a hydroxyl group at the 3-position. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is an acyl derivative of morpholinomethylurea (MMU) with clofibric acid with antihyperlipidemic activity. In trials it showed better gastric tolerance and a lower incidence of adverse events than did clofibrate. 
Ochratoxin b belongs to the class of organic compounds known as ochratoxins and related substances. These are a group of chemically related metabolites containing a 3, 4-dihydro-3-methylisocoumarin moiety linked through a carboxyl group to L-beta-phenylalanine by a secondary amine bond. Ochratoxin b exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, ochratoxin b is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Ochratoxin b is a potentially toxic compound. 
Nedaplatin is a second-generation cisplatin analogue with antineoplastic activity. Containing a novel ring structure in which glycolate is bound to the platinum by a bidentate ligand, nedaplatin forms reactive platinum complexes that bind to nucelophillic groups in DNA, resulting in intrastrand and interstrand DNA cross-links, apoptosis and cell death. This agent appears to be less nephrotoxic and neurotoxic compared to both cisplatin and carboplatin. 
it is a pyrazole that is antiipyrine substituted at C-4 by a methyl(sulfomethyl)amino group, the sodium salt of which, ite sodium, was widely used as a powerful analgesic and antipyretic, but withdrawn from many markets from the 1970s due to a risk of causing risk of causing agranulocytosis. It has a role as an antipyretic, an antirheumatic drug, a non-narcotic analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, a peripheral nervous system drug, a prodrug and a cyclooxygenase 3 inhibitor. It is a member of pyrazoles and an amino sulfonic acid. It derives from an antipyrine. It is a conjugate acid of a ite(1-). 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Dyslipidemia, Constipation, Chronic Constipation, Functional Constipation, and Chronic Idiopathic Constipation. 
A hallucinogen formerly used as a veterinary anesthetic, and briefly as a general anesthetic for humans. Phencyclidine is similar to KETAMINE in structure and in many of its effects. Like ketamine, it can produce a dissociative state. It exerts its pharmacological action through inhibition of NMDA receptors (RECEPTORS, N-METHYL-D-ASPARTATE). As a drug of abuse, it is known as PCP and Angel Dust. 
Taraxerol, also known as alnulin or it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as scalarane sesterterpenoids. These are sesterterpenoids with a structure based on the scalarane backbone. Scalarane is a tetracyclic compound, which is similar the homoandrostane with five methyl groups at the 4-, 4-, 8-, 17-, 17a-positions. Taraxerol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, taraxerol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, taraxerol can be found in a number of food items such as millet, peach, bitter gourd, and oat. This makes taraxerol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a cyclohexane-1,2-diol with trans-configuration. It is a metabolite of cyclohexene oxide and other such compounds. It has a role as a human xenobiotic metabolite. 
it is a ketone that is 4-phenylbutan-2-one in which the phenyl ring is substituted at positions 3 and 4 by methoxy and hydroxy groups respectively. The major pungent component in ginger. It has a role as an antioxidant, an anti-inflammatory agent, a radiation protective agent, an antiemetic, a flavouring agent and a fragrance. It is a member of phenols, a ketone and a monomethoxybenzene. 
it, anhydrous is a colorless fuming liquid with a pungent odor. It is soluble in cold water and decomposed by hot water to form hydrochloric acid with the evolution of heat. It is corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a thiouridine that is 2-thiouridine bearing an additional carboxymethylaminomethyl substituent at position 5 on the thiouracil ring. It has a role as a Mycoplasma genitalium metabolite. It is a thiouridine and a glycine derivative. 
Rimexolone, also known as vexol or rimexel, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as 20-oxosteroids. These are steroid derivatives carrying a C=O group at the 20-position of the steroid skeleton. Rimexolone is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Rimexolone has been found in human hepatic tissue tissue, and has also been detected in multiple biofluids, such as urine and blood. Within the cell, rimexolone is primarily located in the cytoplasm and membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is a fluoroquinolone derivative with antineoplastic activity. it disrupts the interaction between the nucleolin protein and a G-quadruplex DNA structure in the ribosomal DNA (rDNA) template, a critical interaction for rRNA biogenesis that is overexpressed in cancer cells; disruption of this G-quadruplex DNA:protein interaction in aberrant rRNA biogenesis may result in the inhibition of ribosome synthesis and tumor cell apoptosis. 
5-methyl-2-[4-methyl-5-oxo-4-(propan-2-yl)-4,5-dihydro-1H-imidazol-2-yl]pyridine-3-carboxylic acid is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid that is 5-methylpyridine-3-carboxylic acid which is substituted at position 2 by a 4,5-dihydro-imidazol-2-yl group, which in turn is substituted at positions 4, 4, and 5 by isopropyl, methyl, and oxo groups, respectively. It is a pyridinemonocarboxylic acid, an imidazolone, a member of imidazolines and a member of methylpyridines. 
it is a tetramine that is N,N'-bis(6-aminohexyl)octane-1,8-diamine where the primary amino groups both carry 2-methoxybenzyl substituents. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist. It is a tetramine and an aromatic ether. It is a conjugate base of a methoctramine(4+). 
it is the sodium salt of the S-isomer of omeprazole, with gastric proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, esomeprazole is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulfenamide; the active sulfenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. Omeprazole Sodium is the sodium salt form of a benzimidazole with selective and irreversible proton pump inhibitor activity. In the acidic compartment of parietal cells, omeprazole is protonated and converted into the active achiral sulfenamide; the active sulfenamide forms one or more covalent disulfide bonds with the proton pump hydrogen-potassium adenosine triphosphatase (H+/K+ ATPase), thereby inhibiting its activity and the parietal cell secretion of H+ ions into the gastric lumen, the final step in gastric acid production. H+/K+ ATPase is an integral membrane protein of the gastric parietal cell. 
it is an organic heterotricyclic compound that is [1,2,4]triazolo[3,4-f][1,6]naphthyridin-3(2H)-one substituted at positions 8 and 9 respectively by 4-(1-aminocyclobutyl)phenyl and phenyl groups. It has a role as an EC 2.7.1.137 (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase) inhibitor. It derives from a 1,6-naphthyridine. Akt Inhibitor MK2206 is an orally bioavailable allosteric inhibitor of the serine/threonine protein kinase Akt (protein kinase B) with potential antineoplastic activity. Akt inhibitor MK2206 binds to and inhibits the activity of Akt in a non-ATP competitive manner, which may result in the inhibition of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway and tumor cell proliferation and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. Activation of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway is frequently associated with tumorigenesis and dysregulated PI3K/Akt signaling may contribute to tumor resistance to a variety of antineoplastic agents. 
it is an aromatic ketone that is 2-fluoro-4'-bromobenzophenone in which the hydrogen at position 4 (meta to the fluoro group) is replaced by a 6-[methyl(prop-2-en-1-yl)amino]hexyl}oxy group. An inhibitor of lanosterol synthase. It has a role as an EC 5.4.99.7 (lanosterol synthase) inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is an aromatic ketone, an aromatic ether, a member of monofluorobenzenes, a member of bromobenzenes, a tertiary amino compound and an olefinic compound. It derives from a benzophenone. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). 
1, 2-Propanedithiol, also known as 1, 2-dimercaptopropane or fema 3520, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as alkylthiols. These are organic compounds containing the thiol functional group linked to an alkyl chain. 1, 2-Propanedithiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 1, 2-propanedithiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it, also known as 3-mercapto-2-methyltetrahydrothiophene or MGT, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiolanes. These are organic compounds containing thiolane, a five-member saturated ring containing four carbon atoms and a sulfur atom. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, tetrahydro-2-methyl-3-thiophenethiol is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 
it is an organic sodium salt resulting from the replacement of two protons from etidronic acid (one from from each of the phosphonic acid groups) by sodium ions. It has a role as a bone density conservation agent, an antineoplastic agent and a chelator. It contains an etidronic acid(2-). it is a synthetic therapeutic diphosphonate analogue of endogenous pyrophosphate. As a member of the family of drugs known as bisphosphonates, it differs from endogenous pyrophosphate in its resistance to enzymatic hydrolysis. This agent adsorbs to hydroxyapatite cells and reduces the number of osteoclasts, thereby inhibiting abnormal bone resorption. Etidronate may also directly stimulate bone formation by osteoblasts. (NCI04) 
Sulforhodamine G is an organic sodium salt and a xanthene dye. It has a role as a fluorochrome. It contains a sulforhodamine G anion. 
it is the stable isotope of lithium with relative atomic mass 7.016004, 92.5 atom percent natural abundance and nuclear spin 3/2. 
it is a phthalate that is the dianion obtained by the deprotonation of the carboxy groups of terephthalic acid. It is a conjugate base of a it(1-). 
it is a hydrochloride resulting from the formal reaction of equimolar amounts of naloxone and hydrogen chloride. A specific opioid antagonist, it is used to reverse the effects of opioids, both following their use of opioids during surgery and in cases of known or suspected opioid overdose. It has a role as an antidote to opioid poisoning, a mu-opioid receptor antagonist and a central nervous system depressant. It contains a naloxone(1+). it is the hydrochloride salt of naloxone, a thebaine derivate with opioid antagonist activity. Naloxone binds to opioid receptors in the CNS in a competitive manner, reversing or inhibiting characteristic opioid effects, including analgesia, euphoria, sedation, respiratory depression, miosis, bradycardia, and physical dependence. This agent binds to mu-opioid receptors with a high affinity, and a lesser degree to kappa- and gamma-opioid receptors. 
it is a hippurate that is the conjugate base of p-aminohippuric acid, arising from deprotonation of the carboxy group. It is a conjugate base of a p-aminohippuric acid. 
Atropine Sulfate is the sulfate salt of atropine, a naturally-occurring alkaloid isolated from the plant Atropa belladonna. Atropine functions as a sympathetic, competitive antagonist of muscarinic cholinergic receptors, thereby abolishing the effects of parasympathetic stimulation. This agent may induce tachycardia, inhibit secretions, and relax smooth muscles. (NCI04) 
A nonapeptide messenger that is enzymatically produced from KALLIDIN in the blood where it is a potent but short-lived agent of arteriolar dilation and increased capillary permeability. Bradykinin is also released from MAST CELLS during asthma attacks, from gut walls as a gastrointestinal vasodilator, from damaged tissues as a pain signal, and may be a neurotransmitter. 
it is a diazabicyclooctane beta-lactamase inhibitor, similar in structure to [avibactam]. It includes a piperidine ring which reduces export from bacterial cells by producing a positive charge. It is currently available in a combination product which includes [imipenem] and [cilastatin] to treat complicated urinary tract infections (UTIs), pyelonephritis, and complicated intra-abdominal infections in adults. It is considered to be a last-line treatment option and gained FDA approval as part of the combination product Recarbrioâ“‡ in July 2019. 
Malvin is an anthocyanin cation that is malvidin carrying two beta-D-glucosyl residues at positions 3 and 5. It has a role as a biological pigment and a metabolite. It is an anthocyanin cation and a beta-D-glucoside. It derives from a malvidin. 
it is a member of the class of 2,2'-bithiophenes that is 2,2'-bithiophene substituted by a 3-buten-1-ynyl group at position 5. It has a role as a plant metabolite. It is a member of 2,2'-bithiophenes and an enyne. 
2, 6-Dimethylbenzenethiol, also known as 2, 6-dimethyl thiophenol or 2, 6-xylenethiol, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as thiophenols. Thiophenols are compounds containing a thiophenol ring, which a phenol derivative obtained by replacing the oxygen atom from the hydroxyl group (attached to the benzene) by a sulfur atom. 2, 6-Dimethylbenzenethiol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 2, 6-dimethylbenzenethiol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 2, 6-Dimethylbenzenethiol has a meaty, metallic, and phenolic taste. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid diamide that is N-phenyl-N'-(4-fluorophenyl)cyclopropane-1,1-dicarboxamide in which the hydrogen at position 4 on the phenyl ring is substituted by a (6,7-dimethoxyquinolin-4-yl)oxy group. A multi-tyrosine kinase inhibitor, used (as its malate salt) for the treatment of progressive, metastatic, medullary thyroid cancer. It has a role as a tyrosine kinase inhibitor and an antineoplastic agent. It is a member of quinolines, an organofluorine compound, an aromatic ether and a dicarboxylic acid diamide. it is an orally bioavailable, small molecule receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. it strongly binds to and inhibits several RTKs, which are often overexpressed in a variety of cancer cell types, including hepatocyte growth factor receptor (MET), RET (rearranged during transfection), vascular endothelial growth factor receptor types 1 (VEGFR-1), 2 (VEGFR-2), and 3 (VEGFR-3), mast/stem cell growth factor (KIT), FMS-like tyrosine kinase 3 (FLT-3), TIE-2 (TEK tyrosine kinase, endothelial), tropomyosin-related kinase B (TRKB) and AXL. This may result in an inhibition of both tumor growth and angiogenesis, and eventually lead to tumor regression. 
it is phenylhydrazine substituted at the para position by a chloro group. It is a member of phenylhydrazines and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it appears as a colorless liquid with a chloroform-like odor. Vapors heavier than air. Less dense than water. May irritate skin and eyes, and be narcotic in high concentrations. A fire and explosion risk. Used to make other chemicals. 
it appears as a straw colored fuming liquid with a pungent odor. Vapors irritate the eyes and mucous membranes. Corrosive to metals and tissue. 
it is a linear amino trisaccharide consisting of three N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosamine residues linked (1->4). It has a role as an epitope. It is an amino trisaccharide and a glucosamine oligosaccharide. 
it is an organophosphate oxoanion that is the dianion of D-it arising from deprotonation of the phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It has a role as a human metabolite and a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a D-it. 
it is a dipeptide obtained from the tetrapeptide Cys-Val-Phe-Met by reduction of the amide carbonyl groups of the Cys and Val residues. It has a role as a peptidomimetic and an EC 2.5.1.58 (protein farnesyltransferase) inhibitor. 
it is a hydroxycoumarin that is umbelliferone bearing a methoxy substituent at position 6. It has a role as a plant growth regulator and a plant metabolite. It derives from an umbelliferone. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus. it is a dual peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) alpha and gamma agonist, with hypoglycemic activity. it causes hepatotoxicity, and has never been marketed. 
A radiation-protective agent that can inhibit DNA damage by binding to the DNA. It also increases the susceptibility of blood cells to complement-mediated lysis. 
it is a nitrile that is pyridine substituted by a cyano group at position 3. It is a nitrile and a member of pyridines. It derives from a pyridine. 
it is a member of the class of naphthaldehydes that is naphthalene-2-carbaldehyde substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It is a member of naphthols and a member of naphthaldehydes. 
it is a deoxy hexoside, an anthracycline, an anthracycline antibiotic, an aminoglycoside, a member of tetracenequinones, a member of p-quinones, a primary alpha-hydroxy ketone and a tertiary alpha-hydroxy ketone. It has a role as an Escherichia coli metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a it(1+). It derives from a hydride of a tetracene. it is an anthracycline antibiotic with antineoplastic activity. it, isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces peucetius var. caesius, is the hydroxylated congener of daunorubicin. it intercalates between base pairs in the DNA helix, thereby preventing DNA replication and ultimately inhibiting protein synthesis. Additionally, it inhibits topoisomerase II which results in an increased and stabilized cleavable enzyme-DNA linked complex during DNA replication and subsequently prevents the ligation of the nucleotide strand after double-strand breakage. it also forms oxygen free radicals resulting in cytotoxicity secondary to lipid peroxidation of cell membrane lipids; the formation of oxygen free radicals also contributes to the toxicity of the anthracycline antibiotics, namely the cardiac and cutaneous vascular effects. 
it is an organic sodium salt. It contains an azlocillin(1-). Azlocillin Sodium is the sodium salt form of azlocillin, a semisynthetic, extended spectrum acylampicillin with antibacterial activity. Azlocillin binds to penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall, thereby inhibiting the cross-linkage of peptidoglycans, which are critical components of the bacterial cell wall. This prevents proper bacterial cell wall synthesis, thereby results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall and eventually leading to cell lysis. 
Gadofosveset Trisodium is the trisodium salt form of gadofosveset, an injectable, intravascular, amphiphilic gadolinium-based contrast agent (GBCA) used with magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) imaging. Gadofosveset is a stable gadolinium diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (Gd-DTPA) chelate derivative with a diphenylcyclohexylphosphate group. Upon injection, gadofosveset binds reversibly to endogenous serum albumin which increases its intravascular retention time compared to non-protein binding contrast agents. The serum albumin binding also increases T1-relaxivity of gadofosveset. This produces an increase in signal intensity of blood, thereby enhancing the visualization of blood vessels upon MRA and may aid in the diagnosis of certain blood vessels and heart disorders. 
Siccanin is an organic heteropentacyclic compound. It has a role as an antifungal drug and a fungal metabolite. Siccanin is a succinate dehydrogenase inhibitor originally isolated from the pathogenic fungus Helminthosposium siccans with antifungal activity. Siccanin, in a quinone-dependent manner, inhibits succinate dehydrogenase in the terminal electron transport chain thereby disrupting cellular respiration. 
it is a divalent metal cation, an iron cation and a monoatomic dication. It has a role as a human metabolite, a Saccharomyces cerevisiae metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a cofactor. 
it is a tetracyclic triterpenoid that is 4,4,8-trimethylandrosta-1,14-diene substituted by an oxo group at position 3, an acetoxy group at position 7 and a furan-3-yl group at position 17. Isolated from Azadirachta indica, it exhibits antiplasmodial and antineoplastic activities. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an antiplasmodial drug and a plant metabolite. It is an acetate ester, a cyclic terpene ketone, a member of furans, a limonoid and a tetracyclic triterpenoid. 
it is an L-tyrosine derivative that is the ethyl ester of N-benzoyltyrosine. It has a role as a chromogenic compound. It is a L-tyrosine derivative, an ethyl ester, a member of phenols and a member of benzamides. 
it is a purine nucleoside analogue with antineoplastic and antiviral activities. By replacing guanine, it incorporates into DNA and inhibits de novo purine synthesis, thereby inducing cell death. (NCI) 
it is a pyrazolopyrimidine that is 4H-pyrazolo[1,5-a]pyrimidin-7-one which is substituted at positions 2, 3, and 5 by benzyl, p-chlorophenyl, and p-nitrophenyl groups, respectively. It is an inhibitor of ADP-ribosylation factor 6 (ARF6), a member of the ADP ribosylation factor family of GTP-binding proteins. It has a role as an inhibitor. It is a pyrazolopyrimidine, a C-nitro compound and a member of monochlorobenzenes. 
it is a fatty acid ethyl ester obtained by the formal condensation of hexanoic acid with ethanol. It has a role as a metabolite. It is a fatty acid ethyl ester and a hexanoate ester. 
1, 3-Diphenylpropan-2-ol belongs to the class of organic compounds known as linear 1, 3-diarylpropanoids. These are organic compounds with a structure based on a C6-C3-C6 skeleton, where the two benzene rings are not linked together. 1, 3-Diphenylpropan-2-ol is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. 
it is a dione-type anticonvulsant with antiepileptic activity. it reduces T-type calcium currents in thalamic neurons, thereby stabilizing neuronal membranes, raising the threshold for repetitive activities in the thalamus and inhibiting corticothalamic transmission. This decreases the abnormal thalamocortical rhythmicity, which is thought to underlie the paroxysmal three-cycle-per-second spike-and-wave pattern seen with absence (petit mal) seizures. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as heteroaromatic compounds. Heteroaromatic compounds are compounds containing an aromatic ring where a carbon atom is linked to an hetero atom. it is soluble (in water) and a very weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, it is primarily located in the cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, it can be found in root vegetables. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
it is a member of the class of dihydroisocoumarins that is 3,4-dihydroisocoumarin substituted by a hydroxy group at position 8 and a 4-hydroxyphenyl group at position 3. It has been isolated from the roots of Scorzonera judaica and exhibits anti-allergic activity. It has a role as an anti-allergic agent and a plant metabolite. It is a member of phenols and a member of dihydroisocoumarins. It derives from a 3,4-dihydroisocoumarin. 
it is a it consisting of trans-cinnamic acid bearing methoxy and hydroxy substituents at positions 3 and 4 respectively on the phenyl ring. It has a role as an antioxidant, a MALDI matrix material, a plant metabolite, an anti-inflammatory agent, an apoptosis inhibitor and a cardioprotective agent. It is a conjugate acid of a ferulate. 
it is an organic disulfide obtained by oxidative dimerisation of homocysteine. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a tautomer of a homocystine zwitterion. 
FATTY ACIDS found in the plasma that are complexed with SERUM ALBUMIN for transport. These fatty acids are not in glycerol ester form. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of LYMPHOMA and Solid Cancers. Smac Mimetic it is an orally available, monovalent mimetic of second mitochondrial-derived activator of caspases (Smac/DIABLO) and inhibitor of IAPs (Inhibitor of Apoptosis Proteins) with potential antineoplastic activity. Smac mimetic it binds to the Smac binding groove on IAPs, including the direct caspase inhibitor X chromosome-linked IAP (XIAP) and the cellular IAPs 1 and 2. This inhibits the activities of these IAPs and promotes the induction of apoptosis through apoptotic signaling pathways. IAPs are overexpressed by many cancer cell types and suppress apoptosis by binding to and inhibiting active caspases-3, -7 and -9 via their baculoviral lAP repeat (BIR) domains. 
it is a colorless odorless gas. It is shipped as a liquefied gas under its own vapor pressure. It is noncombustible. It can asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Contact with the liquid can cause frostbite. Exposure of the container to prolonged heat or fire may cause it to rupture violently and rocket. 
it is an optically active glycerol 1-phosphate having (S)-configuration. It has a role as an archaeal metabolite. It is a member of sn-glycerol 1-phosphates and a glycerol 1-phosphate. It is a conjugate acid of a sn-glycerol 1-phosphate(2-). It is an enantiomer of a sn-glycerol 3-phosphate. 
it is an ecdysteroid that is ecdysone substituted by a hydroxy group at position 20. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an animal metabolite. It is a 20-hydroxy steroid, an ecdysteroid, a 14alpha-hydroxy steroid, a 3beta-sterol, a 2beta-hydroxy steroid, a 22-hydroxy steroid, a 25-hydroxy steroid and a phytoecdysteroid. It derives from an ecdysone. 
it is the organic sodium salt of 4-phenylbutyric acid. A prodrug for phenylacetate, it is used to treat urea cycle disorders. It has a role as a prodrug, an EC 3.5.1.98 (histone deacetylase) inhibitor, a neuroprotective agent and an orphan drug. It contains a 4-phenylbutyrate. it is the sodium salt of phenylbutyrate, a derivative of the short-chain fatty acid butyrate, with potential antineoplastic activity. Phenylbutyrate reversibly inhibits class I and II histone deacetylases (HDACs), which may result in a global increase in gene expression, decreased cellular proliferation, increased cell differentiation, and the induction of apoptosis in susceptible tumor cell populations. 
it is a member of the class of piperidines that is N-propylpiperidine in which the methyl hydrogens have been replaced by hydroxy, phenyl, and 5-norbornen-2-yl groups. A muscarinic antagonist affecting both the central and peripheral nervous systems, it is used in the treatment of all forms of Parkinson's disease. It has a role as a muscarinic antagonist, a parasympatholytic, an antiparkinson drug, an antidyskinesia agent and an antidote to sarin poisoning. It is a member of piperidines, a tertiary amino compound and a tertiary alcohol. 
it is a member of the class of pyridines that is pyridine substituted by a 3-oxo-3-(pyridin-4-yl)prop-1-en-1-yl group at position 3. An inhibitor of PFKFB3 kinase, an enzyme with a key role in glycolysis. It has a role as an antineoplastic agent, an angiogenesis inhibitor, an autophagy inducer, an apoptosis inducer and an EC 2.7.1.105 (6-phosphofructo-2-kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of pyridines and an enone. 
it is an optically active form of dopa having L-configuration. Used to treat the stiffness, tremors, spasms, and poor muscle control of Parkinson's disease It has a role as a prodrug, a hapten, a neurotoxin, an antiparkinson drug, a dopaminergic agent, an antidyskinesia agent, an allelochemical, a plant growth retardant, a human metabolite, a mouse metabolite and a plant metabolite. It is a dopa, a L-tyrosine derivative and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. It is a conjugate acid of a it(1-). It is an enantiomer of a D-dopa. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. it is an amino acid precursor of dopamine with antiparkinsonian properties. it is a prodrug that is converted to dopamine by DOPA decarboxylase and can cross the blood-brain barrier. When in the brain, it is decarboxylated to dopamine and stimulates the dopaminergic receptors, thereby compensating for the depleted supply of endogenous dopamine seen in Parkinson's disease. To assure that adequate concentrations of it reach the central nervous system, it is administered with carbidopa, a decarboxylase inhibitor that does not cross the blood-brain barrier, thereby diminishing the decarboxylation and inactivation of it in peripheral tissues and increasing the delivery of dopamine to the CNS. 
it is a 6-phenyl-2,3,5,6-tetrahydroimidazo[2,1-b][1,3]thiazole that has S configuration. It is used (generally as the monohydrochloride salt) to treat parasitic worm infections in pigs, sheep and cattle and was formerly used in humans as an adjuvant to chemotherapy for the treatment of various cancers. It is also widely used as an adulterant to coccaine. It has a role as an antinematodal drug, an antirheumatic drug, an immunomodulator, an immunological adjuvant and an EC 3.1.3.1 (alkaline phosphatase) inhibitor. It is an enantiomer of a dexamisole. it is an anthelmintic drug. Co-administered with fluorouracil in the treatment of Dukes' stage C colon cancer, it restores immune function through stimulating antibody formation, enhancing T-cell activity, and potentiating macrophage function. (NCI04) 
Tris(1-aziridinyl) phosphine oxide appears as a colorless crystalline solid. Shipped as an aqueous solution. Toxic by skin absorption, ingestion or inhalation. Produces toxic oxides of nitrogen during combustion. Used as a pesticide. 
it appears as a clear white to yellow syrupy liquid. Denser than water. Contact may irritate skin and eyes. Moderately toxic by ingestion, inhalation and skin absorption. 
it has been used in trials studying the supportive care of Gastric Cancer. it is a ribonucleotide reductase inhibitor with activity against retroviruses. it inhibits retrovirus replication by depleting the deoxynucleotides obligatory for synthesis of the proviral DNA intermediate of retrovirus replication. 
it appears as pink to red monoclinic prismatic crystals or red granular solid. Odorless. Becomes anhydrous at 788Â°F. (NTP, 1992) it is a hydrate that is the heptahydrate form of cobalt(2+) sulfate. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent and a genotoxin. It contains a cobalt(2+) sulfate. 
it appears as a colorless gas with a sweet odor. Easily ignited. Shipped as a liquefied gas under own vapor pressure. Contact with the unconfined liquid may cause frostbite by evaporative cooling. Leaks may be liquid or vapor. Vapors are heavier than air. May asphyxiate by the displacement of air. Under prolonged exposure to fire or intense heat the containers may rupture violently and rocket. Suspected carcinogen. Used to make plastics, adhesives, and other chemicals. it is a monohaloethene that is ethene in which one of the hydrogens has been replaced by a chloro group. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent. It is a member of chloroethenes, a monohaloethene and a gas molecular entity. it is a chlorinated hydrocarbon occurring as a colorless, highly flammable gas with a mild, sweet odor that may emit toxic fumes of carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, hydrogen chloride and phosgene when heated to decomposition. it is primarily used to make polyit to manufacture plastics. Exposure to this substance affects the central and peripheral nervous system and causes liver damage. Prolonged exposure to it can cause a set of symptoms that is characterized by Raynaud's phenomenon, joint and muscle pain and scleroderma-like skin changes. it is a known human carcinogen and is associated with an increased risk of developing liver cancer, predominantly angiosarcoma of the liver, but is also linked to brain and lung cancer as well as cancer of the lymphatic and hematopoietic system. (NCI05) 
it appears as an anticancer drug. White to slightly yellow crystalline powder. (NTP, 1992) it is the sulfate salt of vinblastine, a natural alkaloid isolated from the plant Catharanthus roseus (Madagascar periwinkle) with antineoplastic properties. Vinblastine disrupts microtubule formation and function during mitosis and interferes with glutamic acid metabolism. (NCI04) 
it is a catecholamine in which the 2-aminoethyl group is substituted with a hydroxy group at C-1 and a methyl group at C-2, with configurations 1R,2S. A metabolite of alpha-methyl-L-dopa, it is an alpha2-adrenergic agonist and acts as a topical nasal decongestant and vasoconstrictor, most often used in dentistry. It has a role as an alpha-adrenergic agonist, a vasoconstrictor agent and a nasal decongestant. it is the levoisomer of nordefrin, a synthetic catecholamine and norepinephrine derivative with sympathomimetic and antihypertensive effects. it's antihypertensive effect is exerted through activation of alpha 2-adrenergic receptors in the cardiovascular control center of the CNS thereby suppressing the sympathetic output from the brain and subsequently lowering blood pressure. it binds to and activates peripheral alpha 2- adrenergic receptors, thereby causing vasoconstriction. 
it is a blasticidin that is an antibiotic obtained from Streptomyces griseochromogene. It has a role as a fungicide, a bacterial metabolite, an antimicrobial agent and a protein synthesis inhibitor. It is an antibiotic antifungal agent and a blasticidin. It is a conjugate base of a blasticidin S(1+). 
it is an oxygen hydride. It has a role as a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a water. 
it is a dicarboxylic acid comprising chorismic acid having its 4-hydroxy group replaced by an amino group. It derives from a chorismic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a 4-amino-4-deoxychorismate(1-). 
it is an inhibitor of the cell cycle checkpoint kinase 2 (chk2) with potential chemopotentiating activity. it binds to and inhibits the activity of chk2, which may prevent the repair of DNA caused by DNA-damaging agents, thus potentiating the antitumor efficacies of various chemotherapeutic agents. Chk2, an ATP-dependent serine-threonine kinase, is a key component in the DNA replication-monitoring checkpoint system and is activated by double-stranded breaks (DSBs); activated chk2 is overexpressed by a variety of cancer cell types. 
Interferon inducer consisting of a synthetic, mismatched double-stranded RNA. The polymer is made of one strand each of polyinosinic acid and polycytidylic acid. 
it is a C-nitro compound consisting of 2-nitroethene-1,1-diamine where one of the nitrogens bears ethyl and (6-chloro-3-pyridinyl)methyl while the other nitrogen carries a methyl group. It has a role as a neonicotinoid insectide. It is a C-nitro compound and a monochloropyridine. It derives from a 2-chloropyridine. 
it is a member of the class of isoquinolines that is the sulfonamide obtained by formal condensation of the sulfo group of isoquinoline-5-sulfonic acid with the primary amino group of N(1)-[3-(4-bromophenyl)prop-2-en-1-yl]ethane-1,2-diamine. It has a role as an EC 2.7.11.11 (cAMP-dependent protein kinase) inhibitor. It is a member of isoquinolines, a sulfonamide, a member of bromobenzenes, an olefinic compound and a secondary amino compound. It is a conjugate base of a it(2+). 
it is dianion of 1-deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate arising from deprotonation of both phosphate OH groups; major species at pH 7.3. It is a conjugate base of a 1-deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate. 
it is a cholestanoid that is 5alpha-cholest-7-ene substituted at position 3 by an oxo group. It is a 3-oxo Delta(7)-steroid and a cholestanoid. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as benzylisoquinolines. These are organic compounds containing an isoquinoline to which a benzyl group is attached. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). Outside of the human body, it can be found in fruits. This makes it a potential biomarker for the consumption of this food product. 
N(gamma)-nitro-L-arginine is an L-arginine derivative that is L-arginine in which the terminal nitrogen of the guanidyl group is replaced by a nitro group. It is a L-arginine derivative, a N-nitro compound, a member of guanidines and a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid. 
it is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02800590 (Study to Investigate the Safety and Efficacy of 3 Dosing Regimens of it for Procedural Sedation in Adult Participants Undergoing Colonoscopy). 
it is an organochlorine compound that is 7H-purin-2-amine substituted by a chloro group at position 6. It is a member of 2-aminopurines and an organochlorine compound. 
it is the procaine salt form of penicillin G, a broad-spectrum, beta-lactam, naturally occurring penicillin antibiotic with antibacterial activity. Penicillin G binds to and inactivates the penicillin binding proteins (PBPs) located inside the bacterial cell wall. Inactivation of PBPs interferes with the cross-linkage of peptidoglycan chains necessary for bacterial cell wall strength and rigidity. This interrupts bacterial cell wall synthesis and results in the weakening of the bacterial cell wall, eventually causing cell lysis. 
it is a 1,5-dihydroimidazo[2,1-]quinazoline having an oxo substituent at the 2-position and chloro substituents at the 6- and 7-positions. It has a role as an anticoagulant, a platelet aggregation inhibitor, an antifibrinolytic drug and a cardiovascular drug. it is a synthetic quinazoline derivative, it reduces platelet production through a decrease in megakaryocyte maturation. it inhibits cyclic AMP phosphodiesterase, as well as ADP- and collagen-induced platelet aggregation. At therapeutic doses, it does not influence white cell counts or coagulation parameters. it is used for treatment of essential thrombocythemia to reduce elevated platelet counts and the risk of thrombosis. (NCI04) 
4,4&#39;-isopropylidenediphenol appears as white to light brown flakes or powder. Has a weak medicine odor. Sinks in water. (USCG, 1999) it is a it that is 4,4'-methanediyldiphenol in which the methylene hydrogens are replaced by two methyl groups. It has a role as a xenoestrogen, an environmental contaminant, a xenobiotic and an endocrine disruptor. 
5-Ethyl-2, 3-dimethylpyrazine, also known as 2, 3-dimethyl-5-ethylpyrazine or pyrazine, 6-ethyl-2, 3-dimethyl, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as pyrazines. Pyrazines are compounds containing a pyrazine ring, which is a six-member aromatic heterocycle, that consists of two nitrogen atoms (at positions 1 and 4) and four carbon atoms. 5-Ethyl-2, 3-dimethylpyrazine is soluble (in water) and a moderately basic compound (based on its pKa). Within the cell, 5-ethyl-2, 3-dimethylpyrazine is primarily located in the cytoplasm. 5-Ethyl-2, 3-dimethylpyrazine is a burnt and popcorn tasting compound that can be found in a number of food items such as green bell pepper, orange bell pepper, herbs and spices, and pepper (c. annuum). This makes 5-ethyl-2, 3-dimethylpyrazine a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
A class of terpenes (the general formula C30H48) formed by the condensation of six isoprene units, equivalent to three terpene units. 
4,4-Thiodianiline is a brown to violet colored solid aromatic amine that emits toxic fumes of nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, nitrogen and sulfur oxides when heated to decomposition. it is primarily used as a chemical intermediate in the production of certain dyes. Exposure to this substance is irritating to the respiratory tract and can result in methemoglobinemia causing headache, dizziness, weakness and can lead to shortness of breath, collapse and even death. it is a possible mutagen and is reasonably anticipated to be a human carcinogen. (NCI05) 
it is the sulfate salt of a belladonna alkaloid derivative and the levorotatory form of racemic atropine isolated from the plants Hyoscyamus niger or Atropa belladonna, which exhibits anticholinergic activity. Hyoscyamine functions as a non-selective, competitive antagonist of muscarinic receptors, thereby inhibiting the parasympathetic activities of acetylcholine on the salivary, bronchial, and sweat glands, as well as the eye, heart, bladder, and gastrointestinal tract. These inhibitory effects cause a decrease in saliva, bronchial mucus, gastric juices, and sweat. Furthermore, its inhibitory action on smooth muscle prevents bladder contraction and decreases gastrointestinal motility. 
it has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumor and Anaplastic Thyroid Cancer. it is a small molecule tubulin polymerization inhibitor with potential antineoplastic activity. Microtubulin inhibitor EPC2407 binds to the colchicine-binding site on beta-tubulin and inhibits the polymerization of tubulin into microtubules, which may result in cell cycle arrest, the induction of apoptosis, and the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation. As a vascular disruption agent (VDA), this agent also disrupts tumor neovascularization, which may result in a reduction in tumor blood flow and tumor hypoxia and ischemic necrosis. 
it is a dipeptide composed of glycine and L-tyrosine joined by a peptide linkage. It has a role as a metabolite. It derives from a glycine and a L-tyrosine. 
it powder appears as a grayish-white hard light metal. Denser than water, but the powder may float. May be toxic by inhalation. Will burn if involved in a fire. it atom is alkaline earth metal atom with atomic number 4. It has a role as a carcinogenic agent, an adjuvant and an epitope. It is an alkaline earth metal atom and a metal allergen. AN element with atomic symbol it, atomic number 4, and atomic weight 9.01 
it is a pentacyclic triterpenoid that is olean-12-ene in which the hydrogens at the 3beta and 16beta positions have been replaced by hydroxy groups. It has a role as a plant metabolite and an antitubercular agent. It is a pentacyclic triterpenoid and a diol. It derives from a hydride of an oleanane. 
it appears as colorless crystals or shiny off-white flakes. (NTP, 1992) it is a monochlorobiphenyl carrying a chloro substituent at position 4. 
it is the sodium salt of gold thiomalic acid, an organogold compound with antirheumatic and potential antineoplastic activities. it (GST) appears to inhibit the activity of atypical protein kinase C iota (PKCiota) by forming a cysteinyl-aurothiomalate adduct with the cysteine residue Cys-69 within the PB1 binding domain of PKCiota. This prevents the binding of Par6 (Partitioning defective protein 6) to PKCiota, thereby inhibiting PKCiota-mediated oncogenic signaling, which may result in the inhibition of tumor cell proliferation, the promotion of tumor cell differentiation, and the induction of tumor cell apoptosis. Atypical PKCiota, a serine/threonine kinase overexpressed in numerous cancer cell types, plays an important role in cancer proliferation, invasion, and survival; Par6 is a scaffold protein that facilitates atypical PKC-mediated phosphorylation of cytoplasmic proteins involved in epithelial and neuronal cell polarization. 
it appears as a colorless liquid. Insoluble in water and denser than water. Contact may slightly irritate skin, eyes and mucous membranes. May be toxic by ingestion. Used to make other chemicals. 
it is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum, fifth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic with bactericidal activity against certain Gram-negative and Gram-positive bacteria. Upon administration, it binds to and inactivates penicillin-binding proteins (PBPs) located on the inner membrane of the bacterial cell wall. This interferes with the final transpeptidation step required to form peptidoglycan chain cross-links, which are a key component of and provide strength and rigidity to the bacterial cell wall. This inhibits bacterial cell wall synthesis and reduces cell wall stability, which weakens the bacterial cell wall and causes bacterial cell lysis. 
it is a synthetic trifluorinated glucocorticoid receptor agonist with antiallergic, antiinflammatory and antipruritic effects. it binds and activates glucocorticoid receptor, resulting in the activation of lipocortin. Lipocortin, in turn, inhibits cytosolic phospholipase A2, which triggers a cascade of reactions involved in the synthesis of inflammatory mediators, such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes. Secondly, mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase 1 is induced, thereby leads to dephosphorylation and inactivation of Jun N-terminal kinase directly inhibiting c-Jun mediated transcription. Finally, transcriptional activity of nuclear factor (NF)-kappa-B is blocked, thereby inhibits the transcription of cyclooxygenase 2, which is essential for prostaglandin production. 
it is a bile acid anion that is the conjugate base of hyodeoxycholic acid. It has a role as a human metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a hyodeoxycholic acid. 
N,n-butyl imidazole appears as a colorless to light yellow colored liquid. Insoluble in water and more dense than water. Hence sinks in water. Contact may irritate skin, eyes or mucous membranes. Toxic by ingestion, inhalation or skin absorption. 
it is a chloroalkane that is butane substituted by chloro groups at positions 1,2,3 and 4. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a chloroalkane and a volatile organic compound. 
it is a monocarboxylic acid amide obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of furoic acid with the secondary amino group of 6,7-dimethoxy-2-[(4aR,8aS)-octahydroquinoxalin-1-yl]quinazolin-4-amine. It has a role as an adenosine A2A receptor antagonist. It is a member of quinazolines, a member of furans, an aromatic ether, a quinoxaline derivative, an aromatic amide and a monocarboxylic acid amide. 
it, also known as 1, 5-undecanolactone or 5-hydroxyundecanoic acid lactone, 8CI, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as delta valerolactones. These are cyclic organic compounds containing an oxan-2- one moiety. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. Within the cell, 6-hexyltetrahydro-2H-pyran-2-one is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP). 
it is an odorless and colorless solid. Used as a rodenticide for Norway rats and for house mice. (EPA, 1998) 4-hydroxy-3-(3-oxo-1-phenylbutyl)-1-benzopyran-2-one is a member of the class of coumarins that is 4-hydroxycoumarin which is substituted at position 3 by a 1-phenyl-3-oxo-1-butyl group. It is a methyl ketone and a hydroxycoumarin. it is a synthetic anticoagulant. it inhibits the regeneration of vitamin K1 epoxide and so the synthesis of vitamin K dependent clotting factors, which include Factors II, VII, IX and X, and the anticoagulant proteins C and S. This inhibition results in a sequential depression of Factors VII, IX, X and II activities. Vitamin K is an essential cofactor for the post ribosomal synthesis of the vitamin K dependent clotting factors. The vitamin promotes the biosynthesis of gamma-carboxyglutamic acid residues in these proteins which are essential for biological activity. 
Alpha-aminobutyric acid is an alpha-amino acid that is butyric acid bearing a single amino substituent located at position 2. It has a role as a human metabolite. It is a monocarboxylic acid and a non-proteinogenic alpha-amino acid. It derives from a butyric acid. It is a conjugate acid of an alpha-aminobutyrate. Alpha-Aminobutyric Acid is an alpha-amino acid that is a derivative of alanine with a side chain that is one carbon longer than the alanine side chain. It is synthesized through the transamination of oxobutyrate and is utilized in the biosynthesis of nonribosomal peptides. 
it is the hydrobromide salt form of homatropine, a synthetic tertiary amine alkaloid with antimuscarinic properties. Homatropine, a competitive inhibitor of acetylcholine at the muscarinic receptor, blocks parasympathetic nerve stimulation. When applied topically to the eye, dilation of the pupil (mydriasis) and paralysis of accommodation (cycloplegia) result from the local anticholinergic effects on the ciliary muscle and iris. 
it is the sulfate salt form of streptomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from Streptomyces griseus with antibacterial property. it binds to the S12 protein of the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit, thereby inhibiting peptide elongation and protein synthesis, consequently leading to bacterial cell death. 
it is a thienopyridine with antiplatelet activity. it irreversibly alters the platelet receptor for adenosine diphosphate (ADP), thereby blocking the binding of ADP to its receptor, inhibiting ADP-mediated activation of the glycoprotein complex GPIIb/IIIa, and inhibiting fibrinogen binding to platelets and platelet adhesion and aggregation. (NCI04) 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as fatty alcohol esters. These are ester derivatives of a fatty alcohol. it is considered to be a practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral molecule. it has been primarily detected in urine. Within the cell, it is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. it has an apple, blackcurrant, and chamomile taste. 
it is an organic bromide salt of distigmine. It is an anticholinesterase drug used for the treatment of myasthenia gravis and postoperative urinary retention. It has a role as an EC 3.1.1.8 (cholinesterase) inhibitor. It is a pyridinium salt and an organic bromide salt. It contains a distigmine. 
it is a non-proteinogenic L-alpha-amino acid that is L-glutamine in which the hydrogens attached to the carbon gamma to the carboxy group are replaced by a methylene group. It is a tautomer of a it zwitterion. 
it is a diterpenoid that is isolated from Pseudopterogorgia kallos and exhibits antimalarial and anticancer activity. It has a role as a metabolite, an antimalarial and an antineoplastic agent. It is a diterpenoid, an acetate ester, a gamma-lactone, a cyclic acetal and an organic heterohexacyclic compound. 
it is catechol in which the hydrogen at position 4 is substituted by a 2-aminoethyl group. It has a role as a cardiotonic drug, a beta-adrenergic agonist, a itrgic agent, a sympathomimetic agent, a human metabolite, an Escherichia coli metabolite and a mouse metabolite. It is a conjugate base of a itium(1+). it is a monoamine compound with positive inotropic activity. it is a naturally occurring catecholamine formed by decarboxylation of dehydroxyphenylalanine and a precursor of norepinephrine and epinephrine. it binds to alpha-1 and beta-1 adrenergic receptors. Mediated through myocardial beta-1 adrenergic receptors, it increase heart rate and force, thereby increasing cardiac output. Alpha-1 adrenergic receptor stimulation on vascular smooth muscle, leads to vasoconstriction and results in an increase in systemic vascular resistance. Stimulation of itrgic receptors in renal vasculature, leads to renal blood vessel dilation, and an increase in glomerular filtration rate, renal blood flow, sodium excretion, and urine output. 
it is a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid that is 1,4-dihydroquinoline-3-carboxylic acid that is substituted by a cyclopropyl group at position 1, an oxo group at position 4, a (1R)-1-methyl-2,3-dihydro-1H-isoindol-5-yl group at position 7, and a difluoromethoxy group at position 8. It has a role as an antibacterial drug and a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is a quinolone antibiotic, a quinolinemonocarboxylic acid, an organofluorine compound, a member of cyclopropanes, an aromatic ether and a member of isoindoles. 
it is a cinnamate ester obtained by formal condensation of the carboxy group of trans-caffeic acid with the 3-hydroxy group of quinic acid. It is an intermediate metabolite in the biosynthesis of lignin. It has a role as a plant metabolite and a food component. It is a cinnamate ester and a tannin. It derives from a (-)-quinic acid and a trans-caffeic acid. It is a conjugate acid of a chlorogenate. 
it is an azaspiro compound that is 1,3,8-triazaspiro[4.5]decane which is substituted at positions 1, 4, and 8 by phenyl, oxo, and 4-(p-fluorophenyl)-4-oxobutyl groups, respectively. It has a role as a dopaminergic antagonist, a serotonergic antagonist, an alpha-adrenergic antagonist, an antipsychotic agent and a psychotropic drug. It is an organofluorine compound, an azaspiro compound, a member of piperidines, a tertiary amino compound and an aromatic ketone. 
it belongs to the class of organic compounds known as indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives. Indolecarboxylic acids and derivatives are compounds containing a carboxylic acid group (or a derivative thereof) linked to an indole. it is slightly soluble (in water) and a weakly acidic compound (based on its pKa). 
it is a radiolabelled urea molecule used to diagnose stomach ulcers caused by Heliobacter pylori. In the presence of H. pylori, urea C-14 is metabolized by urease to produce ammonia and radioactive carbon dioxide at the interface between the gastric epithelium and lumen. The radioactive carbon dioxide is absorbed in the blood and is detected when exhaled in the breath. 
it is a member of the class of benzaldehydes carrying a diethylamino substituent at position 4. It has a role as an EC 1.2.1.3 [aldehyde dehydrogenase (NAD(+))] inhibitor. It is a member of benzaldehydes, a tertiary amino compound and an aromatic amine. 
Arnidenediol, also known as it, belongs to the class of organic compounds known as triterpenoids. These are terpene molecules containing six isoprene units. Arnidenediol exists as a solid and is considered to be practically insoluble (in water) and relatively neutral. Within the cell, arnidenediol is primarily located in the membrane (predicted from logP) and cytoplasm. Outside of the human body, arnidenediol can be found in a number of food items such as beverages, sunflower, tea, and alcoholic beverages. This makes arnidenediol a potential biomarker for the consumption of these food products. 
it is a benzothiazine that is the 1-[(ethoxycarbonyl)oxy]ethyl ether of piroxicam. A prodrug for piroxicam, it is used for the relief of pain and inflammation in musculoskeletal disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. It has a role as a prodrug, an analgesic, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, an antirheumatic drug and an EC 1.14.99.1 (prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase) inhibitor. It is a benzothiazine, a sulfonamide, an aminopyridine, a monocarboxylic acid amide, an etabonate ester and an acetal. It derives from a piroxicam. 
it is a cinnamic acid derivative having a cyano substituent at the 2-position of the phenyl ring. It is a conjugate acid of a 2-cyanocinnamate. 
it is the undecanoate ester form of the androgen testosterone, with gonadotropin-secretory inhibiting and hormone replacement activity. As testosterone inhibits the secretion of gonadotropins from the pituitary gland, administration of testosterone decreases the secretion of luteinizing hormone (LH). By inhibiting LH secretion, the growth of Leydig cells, which are normally stimulated by LH to produce testosterone, may be suppressed. In addition, this agent promotes the maintenance of male sex characteristics and can be used for testosterone replacement in hypogonadal males. 
it is a long chain fatty alcohol that is hexadecane substituted by a hydroxy group at position 1. It has a role as a human metabolite and an algal metabolite. It is a long-chain primary fatty alcohol and a fatty alcohol 16:0. it is a synthetic, solid, fatty alcohol and nonionic surfactant. Cetyl alcohol is used as an emulsifying agent in pharmaceutical preparations. 
it is a butenolide that is furan-2(5H)-one which is substituted by a hydroxymethyl group at position 4 and a 2-hydroxyethylidene group at position 5 (the 5E isomer). A direct precursor of patulin in cell-free preparations of Penicillium urticae patulin-minus mutants J1 and S11, but not S15. It has a role as a mycotoxin. It is a butenolide and a primary allylic alcohol. 
